PROJECT 10079 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
6 Mar 54

2. DATE-TIME LOGGED
1743

3. LOCATION
Milwaukee, Wisconsin

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☑ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Radar

5. SOURCE
☑ Yes
☐ No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
35 minutes

7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Star-like object displaying movement. Bright round silver object in SW. Made series of arcs and rise until disappearing behind clouds. End and glow on passing edge.

8. CIVILIAN
one

9. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

10. COURSE

11. COMMENTS
Witnessed two young boys. Neighbor called to view obj. Believed it to be evening star with motion attributed to passing clouds. Jupiter is position or sighting

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Not Identified
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical Jupiter
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
2473RD AIR FORCE RESERVE COMBAT TRAINING CENTER
4061 North 43rd Street
Milwaukee 9, Wisconsin

O&T

SUBJECT: Air Intelligence Information Report

TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Transmitted herewith is Air Intelligence Information Report dated 16 March 1954, in accordance with the provisions of Air Force Regulation 200-2, 26 August 1953, and Air Force Regulation 200-2, 2 November 1953.

1 Incl:
AF Form 112

TROY A. HARRIS
Major, USAF
Commander


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Unclassified
SECURITY INFORMATION (when filled in)

Country of Origin    United States of America    REPORT NO. 1
                                                 (Leave blank)
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

AREA REPORT CONCERNING    Wisconsin

AGENCY OF ORIGIN    24750 ARCMC    DATE OF REPORT    24 March 1954
Milwaukee, Wisconsin    DATE OF INFORMATION    16 March 1954

Individual Concerned    Ray S. Hitter, Jr.    EVALUATION    Fairly reliable

Air Force Regulation 200-2 and 200-2a

Unclassified Flying Object

1. On 6 March 1954 at 1745 hours two persons were playing lawn at the home of the Hitters in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The observers were Ray S. Hitter, Jr. and his wife. While sitting at an elevation of about thirty-five (35) degrees, they observed an unidentified flying object which appeared to be round and metallic. Viewed at an elevation of about forty-five (45) degrees. By this time it was moving in a northwesterly direction. The object was round and metallic with a red glow which seemed to pulsate. The object was in sight for approximately two to three minutes.

2. The two persons involved submitted the object's description to the local newspaper and it was published according to the claims of the observers.

3. Considering the general details and behavior which the object was reported, the visitors were inclined to believe that the object cannot be identified. However, the details are not sufficient to draw any positive conclusions. Definitely no object was identified.

APPROVED:
[Signature]
FRED A. HAISE
Major, USAF
Commander

DISTRIBUTION BY ORGANIZATION:
2 Copies - Director of Intelligence, Headquarters USAF, Washington 25, D.C.
1 Copy - Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB
2 Copies - Commander, Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, Colorado Springs, Colorado

[Bottom of page contains additional administrative text and markings]


- page 3 -

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

1. Description of object:
   a. Round and unwavering
   b. Size comparable to baseball held at arms length
   c. Bright silver
   d. One (1)
   e. N/A
   f. No discernible features or details

   g. Bright silver tapering exhaust about one-third (1/3) the length of the object itself. This exhaust appeared only when the object moved.
   h. No sound
      1. A red glow appeared on the leading edge of the object when it decelerated and stopped.

2. Description of course of object:
   a. Observer first saw object when he happened to glance up.
   b. Object was in the southeast at an elevation of about thirty-five (35) degrees with first sighted.
   c. Object disappeared in the southwest at an elevation of about forty-five (45) degrees.
   d. Object traversed in 90° on a horizontal plane and then rose to a higher altitude. It performed this set of maneuvers about three (3) times.
   e. Object disappeared as a result of being obscured by clouds.
   f. Thirty-five (35) minutes

3. Manner of observation:
   a. Ground-visual
   b. None
   c. N/A

MCCL
Substitute for AF Form 112a 1 Oct 52


- page 4 -

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

4. Time and date of sighting:
   a. 6/23/52/Mar
   b. Dusk

5. Location: Milwaukee, Wisconsin

6. Identifying information of observers:
   a. [Redacted] Milwaukee, Wisconsin
      Fairly reliable - 19 years old - Student
   b. [Redacted] Milwaukee, Wis.
      Fairly reliable - 63 years old - Wholesale tobacco dealer
   c. [Redacted] Milwaukee, Wis.
      14 years old - Student
   d. [Redacted] Milwaukee, Wis.
      Fairly reliable - 13 years old - Student

7. Weather and winds aloft conditions at time of sighting:
   a. Low black clouds covering most of sky
   b. U.S. Weather Bureau report of winds at time of sighting
      [Table showing Altitude, Direction, and Speed at different altitudes]

   c. Ceiling unlimited
   d. Visibility 15 miles
   e. Altocumulus at 15,000 feet, 1/10 coverage
      Cirrus at 25,000 feet, 3/10 coverage
   f. Negative

8. Other unusual activities or conditions:
   a. At the time of the sighting, search-lights of commercial

[Bottom of page]
Substitute for AF Form 112a 1 Oct 52


- page 5 -

SUPPLEMENT TO AF ORM 112

enterprises had been in use for the purpose of attracting business.
This possibility was suggested to the observers but was dismissed by
them as a possible explanation. This also would not account for
the red glow appearing on the object, nor the fact that it was ob-
served by the clouds.

b. Large weather balloons and advertising balloons released
at distant points have been run into this area, but these do not offer
but these do not offer an explanation for the peculiar maneuvers of
the object nor the fact that it emitted a bright silver light under
normally dim light conditions.

c. The planet Jupiter, usually visible in the southwest
section of the sky at approximately the elevation of the unidentified
object, and one of the brightest planets, probably would not have
been visible at the time the object was first sighted.

9. Negative

10. Negative

11. Five minutes after disappearance of the object, two single-
engine military aircraft passed over heading west at a low altitude.

12. Comments of preparing officers:

a. Minor discrepancies appeared in the statements of the
observers as to the exact color, size, and movement of the object.
These minor, however, do not alter the fact that all the observers
saw the same unusual object in the same place at the same time.

b. Since investigations and inquiries have failed to pos-
itively identify the object as a star, weather balloon, or other
familiar object, it is felt that it must be tentatively classified
as unidentified.

[Signature of Roy S. Tuttle Jr.]
Roy S. Tuttle, Jr.
1st Lt. USAF
Intelligence Officer

Substitute for AF Form 112a 1 Oct 52


- page 6 -

