PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 14 Mar 54

2. LOCATION: Norwich, Connecticut

3. SOURCE: Civilian (large number)

4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION:
1. 1/4 hrs   2. 1 Second

5. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
1. Large, round, very high, bright metallic color, varying movement and speed.
2. Observed from 2 towns 8 mi apart.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

7. CONCLUSIONS:
a. Was Balloon
b. Possibly Balloon
c. Possibly Meteor
d. Information Insufficient for Evaluation

8. COMMENTS:
1. Upper air research balloon over area at time of sighting (see balloon track for 26 Mar).
2. Meteor.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

28/2002

Muth

On Sunday, March 29, 1954, an incident of a UFO object was seen over parts of Eastern Connecticut comprising the towns of Danielson, Plainfield, Moosup, Jewett City, Norwich, New London and others. The object was viewed for an approximate hour between 5-6 P.M., by hundreds of people throughout the areas mentioned above. The object caused enough consternation to have a local paper bestowed with the telephonic call information in the sighting. Police barracks were also alerted by some citizens.

The March 29th issue of the Norwich Bulletin had a short account of sighting, they listing the event as probably either a balloon or a sighting of Venus. The article also said other reports on object varied. The article made no effort to actually identify object.

The following is a resume of several eye witness reports as given to the author of this article:

Time of Sighting: 5:00 - 6:30 p.m. approximately
Date: Sunday, March 29, 1954
Higher: Exceptionally clear with no clouds visible.
Nature of Object: Round - A few observers said object had depth, roundness like a ball - most would not hazard guess as to this fact, they saying only that object appeared round from bottom. Many observers said object was circular, orbital in shape.

Two observers said it appeared hollow in center.
Movement: All but one or two observers cited no horizontal movement. All but one or two observers said vertically but movement was in general easterly direction. This did not coincide with ground wind at that time. All observers said object appeared round at times. Then it disappeared, it moved off, and up until it could no longer be seen.

Color: At most times object was a dull metallic color. Observers felt that object was too bright to watch, and they felt the necessity of shielding their eyes. All observers agreed that object seemed to change color at times, especially when moving. At this time, the color north was a glow once orange and red.

Those observers writing through binoculars or scopes reported that there seemed to be fine ground object.

Height: Height could only be approximated. All observers agreed object was far above regular transport planes' path, as one observer said over during sighting time. All observers could see object was higher than jets usually fly when jets are more dots in the sky. At this height, object appeared through the naked eye about the size of an orange. Through binoculars, object appeared to be approximately 2 feet in diameter.

Speed: Reports of speed differed. Some observers said object was moving slowly at all times; others said object moved very swiftly at times, so much so that it was impossible to keep object in sight through binoculars.

Sound: Object was soundless at times.
Peculiarities:
1. One observer claimed to see some sort of tail assembly at bottom of object, while looking at object through binoculars.
2. Some observers claimed object had spinning motion.
3. Last observers saw some type of fire on red


- page 2 -

4. Some observers saw what resembled jet blast coming out of object when it moved.

COMMENTS: All observers agree that object was something like which they'd never witnessed before. All observers were convinced object was not a star, most observers were certain object was not a balloon. Object was seen at same time in locations at least 50 miles apart.

The last witness to contact me was one of a group of men in Norwich, Connecticut, who witnessed this sighting through powerful glasses. Among these men were some who were pilots, former pilots and engineers. Their account of sighting coincided with others noted above. This group was sure object was not a balloon. One man of this group who was after seeing object went into his house and disturbed on the television set.

My conclusion from above facts noted is that object was obviously not a star. There is still a possibility that it was a balloon.

[A portion of text at the bottom of the page is redacted/blacked out]


- page 3 -

I had just concluded the other long report enclosed when another strange occurrence was brought to my attention.

I had placed a small ad in local paper requesting interesting reports on the March 29th sighting. This ad of course, had within it my name and address.

On Thursday, April 1, I received a phone call at 7:30 p.m. from an excited woman who went on to know if I were the one who requested information on the Sunday sighting. When I recalled in the first interview, she asked for information on something strange her father-in-law had just witnessed. Her father-in-law a Mr. [redacted] spoke only Polish, so the message the information on the strange notes of his words.

The story, she told me was rather disjointed, but from what I could gather, the man had been outside of his home, in Norwich, Connecticut, when he was suddenly covered by a bright light that cast shadows on the ground. Next, a flashing or bright object went over his head. He rushed into his home for his watch frantically and he glanced at the clock immediately, and he placed the time at 7:15.

I asked the woman the direction in which object was moving, and I learned it was heading north. Because of the nature in which the report was given to me, I frankly did not put much credence in it. Mr. [redacted] said the object was about 200 feet in the air; although this was low for a jet, this was what I initially thought it was, although I'd failed to ask the man about the round object made.

I was about to call [redacted] again when I had another call. This call was from a Mr. [redacted] of Naugatuck, Connecticut, a man whom I know well, and whose veracity I would never question.

The story [redacted] gave me really startled me because it agreed with Mr. [redacted] told to me without any embellishments. Here is the story as he told it.

"At 7:15 this evening, I was walking to my home when suddenly I was bathed in light. My first thought was that I was in the path of an on-coming car. The light cast huge shadows on the ground. As I glanced up a huge ball of light passed over me. The light was 200 to 1000 feet up, and it was moving at tremendous speed. Before a second had passed, it was out of sight. I can only describe object as being spherical in shape and extremely bright. The object made no sound at all as it passed over me. I left no doubt it was a good night."

I questioned [redacted] about the object's being a jet although of course, the fact object was silent pretty well ruled out its being a jet. Mr. [redacted] was positive object was not a plane. Not only because of lack of sound, but because of extreme speed. He said he had seen jets at low altitudes, but jets struck in a way that this object did.

Mr. [redacted] said object was moving due north. It was headed directly toward the north star.

The summary of all this is that it was not a jet because of sound. Its being a comet is doubtful because of flat trajectory and this had no tail showing. As to its being a fireball, I do not know. Because of soundlessness, that fact might be worth noting.


- page 4 -

Most interesting of all, I believe was the fact of object's being seen in two places, Goodyear and Wauregan, towns eight miles apart, at just about the same time. This is a real indication of the thing's speed.

Respectfully submitted,

for A.F.R.O.


- page 5 -

