PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
Mar or April 1954

2. LOCATION
From Oakland, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1. Night 2. Day

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes ☒ No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1. 5 seconds
2. few seconds

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1. 1
2. 2

8. COURSE
1. 2
2. 2

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Ball Lightning
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
1. At midnight on cloudy night observation from caboose of train of object described as multi colored object. No tail. Appeared and moved sharply to left. Disappeared in about 5 sec.

2. Second observation of two objects about half hour before sunset. Small, not more than 5'1 in diameter, brightly colored with blunt tail. Traveled a few seconds parallel to house-top and a ball of white light exploded from object without disturbing the shape of the first. After a few seconds both objects vanished. Thought to be an electrical display of some kind by witness.

11. COMMENTS
1. Meteor
2. Ball Lightning


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton Ohio

June 4th 1954

Capt Charles A Hardin
Dear Sir:

A few months ago, and after fifty years of life, I suddenly saw two "flying saucers" within a month. I am enclosing my description of these strange "things" after seeing your address in the paper, together with your award desire to run these reports to earth.

It was midnite on a cloudy nite, and I was riding in the caboose of my freight train, when suddenly I saw the first one appear and veer sharply to the left, and after about five or ten seconds, disappear. I saw it otherwise and sideways, and it was colored brilliantly with green, yellow and blue shades like rainbow hues all around it. It was no ball. Here is my drawing of it, the best I could tell.

The second was seen in daylight, about a half hour before sunset, and in the south of me, so I had a very good view. Both of these "things" were about one or two hundred feet from the ground, and not very large. I would say about five feet in diameter or more. The second one was just above the house. About half a mile away. It was round and brightly colored, and had a blunt tail. It travelled horizontally with the earth, as did the other, and after travelling a few seconds, a second ball, pure white, "exploded" out of the first ball, without disturbing the makeup of the first, and after travelling a few seconds, both just vanished. Here is my picture of this one:

My opinion? Neither of these were made. They were probably electrical display of some kind, or nature's pranks. I do not know of course, but I submit it to you for what it might be worth. Both travelled rapidly, and fairly close to the ground, and to me.

It seems strange that I should see two of them so close together, inasmuch I never saw anything unusual all the other fifty years of my life. I hope this information will be of some use to you, but I doubt it.

Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]
OAKLAND 2, CALIF.


- page 2 -

