PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
19 OCT 54
14/0210Z

2. LOCATION
FESTUS, MISSOURI

3. SOURCE
CIVILIAN

10. CONCLUSION
OTHER: DEBRIS/REFLECTION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Shape of flat cylinder "Large Picnic Plate" first yellowish-white to greyish white to glowing white. Observed from car going 35 mph. Obj in road went over hood of car.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
SECONDS

COMMENTS:
Possible reflection from debris.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
GROUND VISUAL

7. COURSE
- -

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

NAVY DEPARTMENT
BUREAU OF AERONAUTICS REPRESENTATIVE
MCDONNELL AIRCRAFT CORPORATION
P. O. BOX 916
ST. LOUIS 3, MISSOURI

REFER TO INITIALS
AND NO.
A9/Flying Objects
ASCmep

17834                                                     22 OCT 1954

AIRMAIL

From: Bureau of Aeronautics Representative, St. Louis, Missouri
To:   Director of Intelligence, Headquarters USAF, Washington 25, D. C.
       Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
       Commander, Air Defense Command, HQ, Colorado Springs, Colorado
       Commander, Eastern Air Defense Force, Stewart AFB, Newburgh, N. Y.

Subj: Unidentified flying object; reporting of (FLNOBRPT)

Ref:   (a) 9ND INST 3820.1 of 28 Jul 1954

Encl: (1) Mr. [redacted] ltr of 16 Oct 1954

1. On 14 October 1954 this activity received a telephone call from Mr. [redacted], Columbia, Missouri concerning sighting of an unidentified flying object. Mr. [redacted] was requested to submit a complete report of the sighting.

2. Reference (a) requests that sightings of unidentified flying objects be reported to the addressees. Accordingly, Mr. [redacted] report is forwarded herewith as enclosure (1). The report is considered complete in itself therefore the report format set forth in reference (a) has not been utilized.

[Signature]
C. H. S. MURPHY

Copy to:
Director of Naval Intelligence
Commander Eastern Sea Frontier, 90 Church Street, New York 7, New York
BMGR GENDIST
COMNAR, 9ND


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

16 October 1954

RE: UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT REPORT

Sighted on 13 October 1954 at approximately 2010 (during the Perry Como Show) about 4 miles south of Festus on the Festus-St. Genevieve highway.

Weather: Scud at about 1000 feet, very light rain, visibility unlimited. Almost full moon clearly visible on the right (East).

Wind Direction: West or West Northwest

Velocity: Wind velocity estimated at about 35 mph. Estimate based on blowing papers on parking lot of drive-in restaurant in vicinity. Wind was about what you would get across a carrier deck.

Description of object: Object appeared to be a very flat cylinder or near-cylinder about twelve (12) to fourteen (14) inches in diameter, and one (1) to two (2) inches thick. I cannot be certain of the thickness because of distance and conditions of sighting, but I got an extremely close look at the diameter (the object coming within five (5) or six (6) feet of my windshield) and am sure that it was larger than ten (10) inches and smaller than sixteen (16) inches. There is no doubt that it was solid, and opaque. It looked very like, and may have been, a large picnic plate or white paper pie tin.

Three colors were observed. When first sighted (narrative follows) it was yellowish white in color and was thought to be, and may have been, a translucent fraction from the headlights of the approaching car. During the second phase it was seen in silhouette and appeared to be grayish white. When very close and viewed at its full diameter it appeared a brilliant glowing white. It is not certain whether the object generated any light of its own or whether the brilliant glowing white was the result of a reflection of my own car's headlights on an extremely white surface at close range.

As far as could be observed there was no trail or exhaust, and no discernable sound.

I make no estimate of the speed of the object, but I believe a mathematician could figure it out with reasonable accuracy. I was running about sixty (60) mph and the approaching car must have been going within ten (10) miles plus or minus of this speed. The rate of closure between the object and my car was at least three (3) to four (4) times the rate of closure between two cars.

Narrative: On the night of 13 October 1954 I was enroute from Cape Girardeau, Missouri, to Festus, Missouri. I had been driving for about an hour and three-quarters at a speed of about fifty-five (55) mph. I was not excessively fatigued. I had been driving through intermittent light rain for about a half hour. Visibility was unlimited, and an almost full moon could be seen through breaks in the scud. A strong wind was blowing from the left (west), and as I passed a drive-in restaurant about 2005 I noticed a good bit of debris blowing across the parking lot. I remember thinking that the waste paper was moving about as fast as paper dropped on a carrier deck--probably about 35 mph--although I could feel occasional gusts hit the car which appeared to be somewhat higher velocity.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2

About a mile on past (north) the restaurant I saw a car come over a rise.
The car had moderately bright lights, and must have been a half to three-
eighths of a mile distant when sighted. At approximately one quarter (¼)
mile to both dimmed our headlights, and at this time I noticed a yellowish
light (about the same color as the headlights) slightly higher than the
headlights and about eight (8) feet to the west of the approaching car.
I estimate it at eight feet because it was west of the car by about twice
the distance center to center between the cars headlights. This light was
pacing the car, and I took it to be (and it probably was) a transient re-
flection or stray light from the headlights.

A couple of seconds later this stray light disappeared (that seemed natural
enough), but about the same time I noticed a dark bar like shadow in the
reflection from the wet pavement. This appeared to be about twenty (20)
feet ahead of the car and about twelve (12) to eighteen (18) inches above
the ground. Again it was pacing the car. I noticed it but it only registered
as a shadow cast by something on the car.

All of a sudden I became aware that the shadow had changed from a bar or
stick shape to an oval shape and that it was moving rapidly from a position
in front of his west headlight diagonally across in front of my car. The
two cars were probably about three hundred (300) to four hundred (400) feet
apart at this time. It also appeared to be rising slightly.

About this time I saw it quite distinctly for the first time. The picture
was very clear, the object being front lighted by my car--backlighted by
the other car--and strong light being reflected off the wet pavement.
The shape was changing from oval to a fuller circle and I remember the
thought flashed through my mind: Why there's a big picnic dinner plate
rolling towards me. The color was grey-white, and the rotating motion
was very distinct. There is no doubt that the object was rotating although
at a fairly slow speed. (About like a helicopter turning up).

When the two cars were maybe a hundred fifty (150) feet apart the thing
suddenly zipped at terrific speed directly at my windshield... as
came right up from just above the pavement... as it came over the hood it
was a full circle, brilliant glowing white, and impressed me as being a
lot more solid than a picnic plate. I ducked and swerved the car to the
light. As I ducked it seemed to change course, and I believe it went off to
the right (east) at an angle of about seventy-five (75) or eighty (80)
degrees to the path of the car. This last is an impression only.. I can't
be sure of the path. I do know it did not go over the top of the car, or
by the right side at the window level.

My impression is that when pacing the other car its diameter was nearly
parallel or parallel with the ground (hence the stick or bar shape).
When it began to accelerate it tipped this axis, but in the opposite manner
from a helicopter getting underway. It appeared to change to a brilliant
white as it came through my headlights, and its diameter was about vertical
with the ground when it changed course and missed me. (Again I want to say
that this brilliant white color may have been a reflection at close range
from a very white surface).


- page 4 -

I stopped, calmed down a little, then drove on. My first thoughts were that it had been a picnic plate or similar object. I felt that the transient light, the dark bar shape, and the plate might really not have had any correlation except in my own mind. The sudden shock of having this thing accelerate right toward my windshield might have colored my memory.

I analyzed it during the rest of the drive into Festus, several hours that night and next morning. The angle of approach was not one which could not be reconciled with the wind direction. If the apparent pacing of the other car had been an optical illusion unconnected with the concrete object which almost crashed into me, the approach speed of the object seemed freakish and improbable, but not impossible to explain by natural means. The change in direction, however, would be extremely difficult to explain. Considering the speed I was going, the speed it was going, the apparent collision course, and the nearness of the object when I ducked, I could not completely reconcile the facts with a blowing paper plate. I was 100 distance when I ducked); right over the radiator ornament; avoidance of collision would require more speed and maneuvers than the wind could give it.

I finally decided to report the occurrence, and did so on 14 October 1954 in a telephone conversation with A. S. Creider, Lt., USN. The above is a confirmation and amplification of our conversation.

Sincerely,

[Signature and name are redacted/blacked out]


- page 5 -

