PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 May 1954
21/2300Z

2. LOCATION
Chicago, Illinois

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Possible balloon. Tube like silvery projectile. Changed
color
Photos inconclusive. Insufficient data for analysis

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
SE

8. PHOTOS
+Yes
20 No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

This case contains 2
3½" photos.


- page 2 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to contain two black and white photographs or photographic prints, one at the top and one at the bottom of the page. The images are very dark and grainy, with the bottom image showing what seems to be some tree or foliage silhouettes. The photographs are surrounded by white space and there are vertical lines on the right side of the page.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

24/1006
Multi Chicago Ill.

Chicago 43, Illinois

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Diary:

The date was May 24, 1954, the time was 5:00 o'clock. I was sitting at my post porch with my friend. Something made me look up (perhaps it was a change in color) I saw a shining project, like something. I stop my eye mid-for about 3 minutes or my friend did. Its object staying constant was and this was I desire to get a picture of it. I spent many minutes and tried to get it as soon as I came to a very slow move. I thought I had of film for my baby brownie camera, I tried within point of the store was with 8 pictures, people around me and myself what I was taking a picture of in the sky. So they looked up. To our know it. The official thing that, moving slowly of Conf. city slowly against the wind.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Sr. I thought another not of pictures and I must picture of an enclosing some pictures which you can explore and see for yourself that I am not living. I will describe drawing that I made while observing the disks. There my telescope, they are right of picture lying and have seen them. All first the next five minutes apart and the next was about 15 seconds to 1 minute apart. Well the following of the sighting was from 5:10 to 5:30 PM. to about 7:00 PM. The disks along color as I saw, sparkling them, from us quite visible in the south, of the disk and an easy curve into the sky. The sky always color right before my eye to a yellow and the orange edge did not always reflection from the setting sun which the sun sometimes the sky to yellow but like setting elsewhere was told using high up. As down observing the 7 disks shown my telescope and the one came into view. which might be so from flying printed with the two big areas in a marvel lightly behind of the then they I stayed there, times from 25 to 5 only, then they vanished.


- page 5 -

I hope you will be guided in making the picture of my sending you, so you can wait for yourself what I had observed these my sightings.

I hope that you will not yet make complete detail as send me obscure in spite of our wait. It was complete detail in obscuring him.

P.S. I am located and have 20-30 sights in my sights with this telling me this is the 44 sightings flying of jet I have seen in my area in the last year.

Thank You
Chicago 13, Ill


- page 6 -

Date: May 27 1954

Text at top left is partially illegible

On the right side of the document:
"Date: May 27 1954"
"ACTUAL SIZE"

The document contains three columns of identical diagrams, each column showing two oval shapes with small dots/circles inside them, arranged vertically. Each column appears to be labeled "ACTUAL SIZE" on the right side.

The rest of the text on the page is too faint or blurry to confidently transcribe.


- page 7 -

The image contains two rows of four circular diagrams, each with some text or notation inside. The text within these circles is partially illegible due to the low quality of the scanned document. The circles appear to be arranged in a grid-like format, with each circle containing what seems to be coordinate or time-related information. However, the specific details are not clearly discernible.


- page 8 -

