PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
19 August 1954

2. LOCATION
Moundsville, West Virginia

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2230
GMT 29/0300

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
-

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Observation from rear window of car. Disc shape object with dome and bright lights. Side twice as big as moon. Observed in NW, disappeared in South. Horizontal flight at 40 degrees elevation.

11. COMMENTS
Second hand report. Duration indicates possible meteor sighting. Report sent in by witness. Case considered as unreliable report.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? student
Age 16   Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school _______
b. High school _______
c. College _______
d. Post graduate _______

e. Technical school _______
f. Other special training _______

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 28 November 1954


- page 2 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: November 28, 1954

On August 19, 1954, my sister, cousin, uncle and I were riding in a car between New Martinsville and Wheeling near Moundsville. I was startled by a bright orange-white light. 

We were riding for a few seconds - just what it was, since I was concentrating on the light itself. When I turned to the darkness we were in, I saw a very large body was stretched in the dark. I then made a drawing showing the shape of the object.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

USAFTIS

My wife, a nurse, and I were to take my brother and to enjoy riding with us were not to be away together that I had we
just turning a new idea of a ride. 5'y
night of our trip. We rode my car to stop at a new
at that place, my cousin and my sister
who were sitting in the back seat, not the night make
me the only like this.

at this point the girls got almost hysterical and we
just drove to Wheeling, where we were
with our aunt.

Since then, I have seen several "flying saucers"
but nothing like this machine I have described
above.

P.S. On same night I saw other lights but don't know
what I saw at them.

There is also a small hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO in the middle of the document.


- page 4 -

-K1-

SCANDINAVIA
Aug. 25, 1954

DANISH DELEGATION TO U.N. SESSION NAMED
Copenhagen, Danish Home Service, Aug. 24, 1954, 1130 GMT--L.
(Summary)

The Danish delegation to attend the General Assembly of the United Nations
which is to convene in New York Sept. 21, will consist of Foreign
Minister H.C. Hansen, Chairman; former minister Alsing-Andersen;
Christen Ambye, Member of Parliament; Mr. Lewig-Jensen and
Appeals Court Solicitor Hurmod Lamnung.

Denmark's permanent delegate to the United Nations, Ambassador
William Borberg, will act as chairman in the absence of the Foreign
Minister. The chairman of the Danish Federation of Trade Unions,
Ejler Jensen, will join the delegation as technical advisor.

DANES FOIL 'CLUMSY' ESPIONAGE ATTEMPT
Stockholm, in English to Eastern North America, Aug. 24, 1954, 1200 GMT--E
(Text)

A thoroughly clumsy attempt at espionage was described in yesterday's
issue of the Danish newspaper EKSTRABLADET. It took place at a military
camp in the southern part of Jutland. A motorist approached the guard
on duty and tried to coax information out of him by offering
cigarettes and candy. The guard, however, refused to be taken in,
and when the car started driving away he noted its license number.
Then he reported to his commanding officer, and so on through channels.

The completed investigation showed that the car belonged to the Polish
legation in Copenhagen.


- page 5 -

20 August 1954
Norway (Trondheim)

OFFICIAL USE ONLY
- K 2 -

FLYING SAUCER LANDING IN NORWAY REPORTED

Paris, AFP, Radioteletypes in French to Authorized Recipients in Europe, Africa, and the Near East, Aug. 24, 1954, 2230 GMT--E

(Text)

Oslo--A flying saucer is reported to have landed last Friday in the region of Mosjoen, about 300 kilometers northwest of Trondheim.

The pilot, a bronzed man with long hair, was seen by two sisters who were picking berries in the mountains, according to a local paper.

An officer of the Mosjoen police force confirmed the fact that the two sisters, aged respectively 24 and 32 years, who are not believed to suffer hallucinations, claimed to have seen the saucer land.

According to them, the pilot wore an aviator's coverall with no buttons. After trying in vain to make himself understood by means of signs drawn on a piece of paper, he got back into his machine, visually waved his hand to the two sisters, and took off fast and vertically.

The ladies did not have time to get close to the machine, and can give only vague details as to its appearance, but according to their story it was composed of two discs approximately 5 meters in diameter.

In spite of the unlikeliness of their statements, the local police will go tomorrow to the landing spot in the hope of finding some trace of the flying saucer.

FBI 9,25 Aug 54


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Note: Two sections are blacked out, leaving only a partial text visible]

... it ... the ... with other. clean ... 

they came to the top of a hill and stopped their
car hoping that they would see the first object.
The four saw their yellow lights (the lights
spread out) started but it was hard to tell.
The three lights were far away and not steady
could be made out. They plan being a hill.

At the bottom of the page, there is a page number "11".


- page 7 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
19 August 1954
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day: 9 30
             Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Moundsville                 Moundsville                 West Va.
Nearest Postal Address      City or Town                State or County

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
10
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
(Circle One): a. Certain
             b. Fairly certain
             c. Not very sure
             d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight

(Circle One): d. Just a trace of daylight
             e. No trace of daylight
             f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

(Circle One): d. To your left
             e. Overhead
             f. Don't remember


- page 8 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other:

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?   Yes   No   Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes   No   Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?   Yes   No   Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?   Yes   No   Don't Know
e. Change brightness?   Yes   No   Don't Know
f. Change shape?   Yes   No   Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?   Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: (handwritten: apparently)

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: (blank)

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other   (blank)


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: None
    b. Color: Metalin lack, light was orange-white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten notes and sketch include:]
Very Bright
Light
Miles in size
Horizon ->
<- road
Looking Northwest

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):
    ● Fuzzy or blurred
    ○ Like a bright star
    ○ Sharply outlined
    ○ Don't remember

    a. Other: [blank]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The bottom half of the page is blank]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

OHIO RIVER

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
100 feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other: Less diameter than

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? and recall sun was moved behind a hill.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Take a big disc about 150 feet in diameter and place a dome in it. Diameter of dome about 75 feet. Put very bright light right on top of dome. Done about 50 ft high. Made out of metal.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO/flying saucer is included at the bottom of the page]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
sitting in night - part seat of car - note a red light
in sky through wind - shield

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 30 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 40° degrees.
b. From horizon 40° degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you lost saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Day, Month, Year fields are blank]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
[Partially obscured response]
Elm Grove, W. Va.
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Partially obscured, but includes] Falls, Ohio
[Another location mentioned: Patterson, New Jersey]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
[Checked "Yes"]
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Since some sighting I have seen many instances around here but not too close this time

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Space Ship


- page 14 -

