The image contains a Project 10879 record card from Keesler AFB. There is no photograph present in this image. 

PROJECT 10879 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: The 8th 1954
2. DATE/TIME-LCST: The 8th 1954 - 1740 to 1745 hours
3. LOCATION: KEESLER AFB
4. PHOTOS: Photos received
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Appeared as 8 brilliant, translucent, white stars, moving erratically at about 50,000 feet. Drifted east at about 20 mph.
7. CONCLUSIONS: Possibly Balloon, Possibly Aircraft, Possibly Astronomical
8. COMMENTS: Photos received appear to have a brilliant blobs of light. All sources believe object to have been a brilliant flying object.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Cirrus
b. Fluffy
c. Overcast
d. Stratocumulus
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
1. Slight breeze
2. Strong wind
3. Don't remember 

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thunderstorm
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
1. Cold
2. Cool
3. Warm
4. Hot
5. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF yes, answer YES, and they see the object too
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
CAPT. JOHN DOE, APO 12345, A.P.O. MISS. 65/1971
CAPT. JANE DOE, APO 12345, A.P.O. MISS. 65/1971

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? 
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and what were the circumstances did you see it before?
HAVE SEEN OBJECTS SIMILAR TO THIS ON SEVERAL OCCASIONS.

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
IT MIGHT HAVE BEEN A LARGE BALLOON

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 20 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 21,000 feet. U.P. from U.S.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
What is your present job: CONTROL TOWER OPERATOR
Age: 23 Sex: MALE
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
c. College: 2 YRS
f. Other special training: CONTROL TOWER OPERATOR (CASE CLOSED)

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 MARCH 1954

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet or report.

The text in the document is as follows:

At approximately 10:30C 7 March 1954 we took off in a C-45 type aircraft to try to find an unidentified object which had been sighted over Wiggins, Miss. We flew around the Wiggins area for about 30 minutes without sighting anything unusual when the Control Tower in Brookley Alabama called, telling us there was an unidentified object over Mobile Alabama. We proceeded to Mobile flying at 10,000 feet. About 10 miles west of Mobile the object was sighted at about 30,000 feet. We flew to a point under the object and started to circle. The object was observed for two hours and series. During this time it was observed that the object was drifting in an easterly direction at approximately 20 miles per hour. The object was very high, probably about 50,000 feet. We had to look up at an angle of about 80 degrees while observing it. The object was white and appeared to be translucent. It appeared to be a ball, and could have been made of rubber or plastic. There was a white streamer hanging from the bottom of the object which appeared to be about 1/4 of the object's diameter long. I took about 5 pictures of the object with my camera.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Stereoscopic (three dimensional) camera at 1/100 of a second shutter speed and 16, 11, and 8 lens opening. During the two hours we observed the object we watched it with the naked eye and through 7x50 binoculars.

At about 10:30 a jet type aircraft (P-33) flew up to see if he could identify the object. He climbed to 40,000 feet and said the object was about 7,000 feet above him or at 47,000 feet. When we observed the object through the binoculars it appeared to be the size of a pea (in the glasses). This was the same size a small house appeared on the ground through the binoculars. Since we were 10,000 feet from the ground and approximately 37,000 feet from the object it appears that the object was three times as big as a small house.

We left the object at approximately 12:30 and went back to our base. At this time another jet (F-86) was proceeding to the scene to try to get closer to the object and possibly identify it. When we left the object was still drifting to the East at approximately 20 miles per hour.

Film from Stereoscopic cameras is being forwarded with this report. Film broke once while taking first picture from plane, which necessitated re-threading the film in the airplane.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The text in the image states: "This page includes Two (2) 5x8 black and white photos".

This page includes
Two (2) 5x8 black and white photos

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain a rectangular shape with a blurry, indistinct object in the center. The shape is dark on the edges with a lighter area in the middle. There is no human face or other identifiable elements visible in the image.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

KEESLER AIR FORCE BASE MEMO

1. At approximately 1820 hours, 11 March 1954, a member of the 3904th Hestruction and Evaluation Squadron reported sighting an unidentified flying object (UFO) over the base.

2. The object was observed by the observer for approximately two minutes as it moved in a south-easterly direction at an estimated altitude of 5,000 feet.

3. The object was described as circular in shape, approximately 10 feet in diameter, and metallic in appearance. It was observed to emit no exhaust or vapor trails.

4. The object moved at an estimated speed of 300 knots and disappeared from view.

5. Attached is a photograph of the object as observed.

6. No other information is available at this time. A further investigation is being conducted.

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a rectangular frame with a bright, obscured area in the center. There does not appear to be any additional text or other visual elements within the frame.

Extracting the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED                                            14 MAR 1954
2800th AIR BASE WING (SAC)
KEESLER AIR FORCE BASE, MISSISSIPPI

SUBJECT: Unknown Flying Object Report

TO:       Director of Intelligence
          Headquarters, USAF
          Washington 25, D. C.

1. This report is submitted in accordance with the provisions of AFR 200-2.

2. Date and Time of Sighting:
   6 March 1954, approximately 1900 hours.

3. Location of Observer:
   Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi.

4. Description of Object:
   The object was a diffused, disc-shaped object appearing to be about the size of a standard automobile tire at a distance of approximately 500 yards. It appeared to be at an altitude of about 2,000 feet and was traveling at a very high rate of speed in a south-easterly direction.

5. Course of Object:
   The object was observed for approximately 10 seconds as it traveled across the sky in a south-easterly direction.

6. Background:
   The weather was clear at the time of the sighting with unlimited visibility. The object was observed by two Air Force personnel stationed at this base.

7. Conclusion:
   It is the opinion of the observers that the object sighted was some type of unidentified flying object. No known aircraft in this area could have the characteristics described in paragraph 4 above.

8. This report has been prepared in accordance with the provisions of AFR 200-2. No further information is available.

                                        /s/ WILLIAM P. COLEMAN, Lt Col, USAF
                                        Deputy Base Commander

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with the following text:

FILM
MARCH 7, 1954
KEESLER AFB, ALA.
06 SEZM - MILITARY
FILE # 11034 DD
IN CUSTODY OF AUDIO-VISUAL OFFICER
1975

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten note. The note says "KEESLER AFB, MISS. CASE INCLUDES ROLL OF FILM IN SEPARATE FOLDER."

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please be answering as many questions as possible. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you may make, unless you give your permission for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 7 March 1954
2. Time of day: 11:00 A.M. - 12:00 P.M.
3. Time seen: (Circle One) Eastern Central Mountain Pacific Daylight Saving Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? KEESLER AIR FORCE BASE, MISSISSIPPI
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. minutes
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. Certain Fairly certain Not very sure Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): Bright daylight Full daylight Bright twilight Just a trace of daylight No trace of daylight Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): In front of you To your left To your right Overhead Don't remember

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions and response options related to UFO sightings.

The text from the document is as follows:

IF YOU SAW the SUBJECT at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):  a. None  b. A few  c. Many  d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):  a. Bright moonlight  b. Dull moonlight  c. No moonlight — pitch dark  d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One):  a. Yes  b. No  c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One):  a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?  b. Several blocks away?  c. A block away?  d. Several yards away?  e. Other

11. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes  No  Don't Know
b. Suddenly slow down or stop at any time?  Yes  No  Don't Know
c. Give off sparks?  Yes  No  Don't Know
d. Change shape?  Yes  No  Don't Know
e. Disappear and reappear?  Yes  No  Don't Know
f. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?  Yes  No  Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes  No  Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes  No  Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):  Solid?  Transparent?  Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No
c. Windshield  Yes  No
d. Window glass  Yes  No
e. Binoculars  Yes  No
f. Telescope  Yes  No
g. Theodolite  Yes  No
h. Other

- page 12 -

The image contains a simple black and white sketch of an oval-shaped object. There does not appear to be any photographic image in this document.

Text Output:
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound ____
b. Color  WHITE, TRANSLUCENT
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.
18. The shape of the object was:
(Circle One): 1. Round 2. Elliptical 3. Other _____
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely from the 1950s, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about the observed object or objects.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the, object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 220 feet.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length? (Circle One): 1. Head of a pin 2. Pea 3. Dime 4. Nickel 5. Quarter 6. Half dollar 22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22): a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? PASSED OUT OF SIGHT
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine how you would describe the object that you say, if your visualized it as being the largest known size it could have been, and other objects which were placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. LARGER OR PLASTIC 300 FT IN DIAMETER ROUND BALLOON

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out related to their UFO sighting.

WE WERE SEARCHING FOR THE OBJECT FINALLY SPOTTED IT HIGH OVER MOBILE,ALA.
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? ____700___ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop or change course while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North ___70____ degrees. b. From horizon ___40____ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North ___20____ degrees. b. From horizon ___45____ degrees.

- page 15 -

The image contains a page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book report. There are three sketches on the page:

1. The top sketch shows a curved line with the label "A" on it, indicating the trajectory of an object above the horizon (skyline) when the observer first saw it.

2. The middle sketch depicts a roadway with buildings and trees along the sides, with a person standing in the middle of the road.

3. The bottom sketch shows a landscape with trees and a road or path going towards the horizon.

As an OCR system, I will now output the text found in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 16 -

