PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
August 1954

2. LOCATION
Lafayette, Indiana

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: Not Given
GMT: Not Given

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual
☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual
☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☒ Yes PHYSICAL SPECIMEN
☐ No

6. SOURCE
CIVILIAN

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
[No entry]

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object: 2½" high by 4" long by 2½"wide. Object composed of small pieces of metal fused together. (Submitted by Leonard H Stringfield)

11. COMMENTS
Both the common appearance and the analysis of these samples strongly suggest that they have come from the bit of either a steel mill or steel foundry where chromium in this form is customarily added to steel melts.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

See: Specimen 73745-#3


- page 1 -

AFJIN-AE4                     COMMENT NR. 1                     22 Oct 1956

The attached trip report is forwarded for necessary coordination and approval.

GEORGE T. GREGORY
Captain, USAF

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

PROJECT NUMBER 10073                    DATE 12 October 1956

TRAVEL ORDER NUMBER 001808               DIVISION Air Sciences

SUBJECT: (U) Trip to Cincinnati Area to Obtain Specimens Allegedly from "Flying Saucers"

A. PURPOSE:

1. The purpose of this trip was to obtain specimens, statements and other related UFO information from Mr. [redacted] in Cincinnati, Ohio.

B. FACTUAL DATA:

2. Mr. [redacted] of a private UFO organization, a self-appointed society for the investigation, research and analysis of so-called "flying saucers".

3. He is also the [redacted] (UFO) publications having fairly wide circulation: "The Orbit" and "Civilian Research of Interplanetary Flying Objects".

4. His case files disclose that in 1952 he purposely placed both Colonel O'Mara, then Deputy ATIC, and the Air Force in an embarrassing position by a statement that Colonel O'Mara and the Air Force never made, after a private interview was granted him to discuss UFO phenomena.

5. As of late, he has repeatedly attempted to obtain official interviews and briefings from both ATIC and Headquarters USAF on various operational, policy and liaison matters, on the claim that he was appointed a "UFO Investigator" by some Air Forces officer in the past.

6. On 11 October 1956, Mr. [redacted] contacted ATIC again for the purpose stated in the preceding paragraph. He was told with some firmness that we could only consider UFO incidents and the reporting of this phenomena over the phone. On other matters, he would have to contact the USAF Office of Information Services.

7. Mr. [redacted] then stated he had two (2) specimens he believed originated from "flying saucers". This office was then politely informed that it could not refuse the investigation of the incident, knowing full well that it would be immediately brought to the attention of the press, as this individual's case file has disclosed was the approach he had always taken in matters of this nature.

C. DISCUSSION:

8. Travel commenced on 12 October 1956 and ended 12 October 1956.

9. W/Sgt Oliver D. Hill, MCIC, Aerial Phenomena Group, AFOIN-4EL, was the individual making the travel, as investigator.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

UNCLASSIFIED

C. DISCUSSION (Cont.):

10. Names of individuals visited:
a. Mr. [redacted]
b. Mrs. [redacted]

11. Investigator's personal report:

a. Departed Wright-Patterson AF Base, 0600 hours, 12 October 1956 enroute to Cincinnati, Ohio. Arrived Cincinnati, Ohio 0800 hours. The interview with Mr. [redacted] was deliberately delayed for investigative purposes.

b. Mr. [redacted] lives in the suburbs of Cincinnati, in what is known as Madisonville. This suburb is approximately 21 miles from the downtown area of Cincinnati. I arrived at Mr. [redacted] home at 1410 hours. Mr. [redacted] was somewhat perturbed at the delay of my arrival. This was exactly the way this investigation was planned.

c. A note of explanation is necessary here. Mr. [redacted] allegedly held in his possession a substance called "Angel's-chair" which proponents of flying saucers claim is the exhaust trail from the cosmic-ray power plants of interplanetary space ships. This substance solidified upon contact with the earth's atmosphere, then (supposedly) abruptly vanishes within a few hours, leaving no trace or residue. To insure that no substance would be given this investigator which could be chemically treated or prepared to dissolve after the specimen was given him, a late arrival at destination was purposely arranged. Thus, the specimen would dissolve before passing into the investigator's hands.

d. Mr. [redacted] invited me (and my witness) into his home, and immediately started the discussion by asking if he was free to talk in front of Mr. [redacted] and my witness, trying to impress him that he was very security conscious and wanted to protect the Air Force because he had once been a member of an Air Force intelligence section.

e. As this investigation involved no classified items or information, I told him to proceed openly. Mr. [redacted] then asked several leading questions: How do I report my sightings to ATIC? Who pays for the calls—ATIC or myself? How may I arrange interviews with project officer? Am I to report all sightings to ATIC? The statement was also made that he had been "appointed" to report all UFO sightings to ADC through Lockbourne Air Force Base and that they paid all phone bills for him, other than personal calls.

f. At this point, I interrupted him and explained AFR 200-2 on the procedures, format of reporting, and the conditions under which ATIC authorized the payment of phone calls.

g. I then asked Mr. [redacted] who had appointed him "UFO Investigator" for the Cincinnati area for the Air Force, and who the individual was who authorized the aforementioned phone calls. Through any delay, he named a Captain Hugh McKenzie at Lockbourne AF Base, and a Captain Kee who seems to now have replaced Capt. McKenzie.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

c. DISCUSSION (Cont.):

h. I then brought up the subject of my real purpose for being there and asked Mr. [redacted] for the sample of the "Angel"-matter. He immediately produced a glass jar with subject item within. He had the lid on the jar and said if it was opened the "Angel's-hair" would disappear. However, suspecting a trick of some sort I insisted that he open the jar and see for myself. There was no appreciable change to the contents of the jar, but Mr. [redacted] explained that what he had meant was that if the jar was left open the "Angel's-hair" would disintegrate after a while.

i. I then replaced the lid of the jar, stepped outside and obtained photographs of the object and its contents. I then asked Mr. [redacted] to show me the samples of metal he had and, as he went inside to do so, I took additional pictures of the area. In no doing, I noticed a white object floating in the air and retrieved it, but, on contact with my hand it completely disappeared. I made no mention of this incident.

j. I then returned inside and Mr. [redacted] gave me the ore or metal samples he had procured, stating that they were dug out of an old stone quarry. (I understood him to say near Cincinnati, however, I have since learned that the samples were found in an abandoned gravel pit near Lafayette, Indiana). I gave Mr. [redacted] a receipt for the articles given me and completed the interview, as Mr. [redacted] had to return to his regular job. I then returned to the down town area and proceeded back to Wright-Patterson AF Base.

k. Upon return to ATIC, I orally reported all details and assisted Captain Gregory in preparing an official request for an examination and evaluation of the specimens (copy attached, Enclosure Mr. 1).

D. CONCLUSIONS:

12. All matters regarding the procurement of the specimens and other statements pertinent to this case were accomplished.

13. The undersigned did not engage in, nor forced into, any discussions on the Air Force position and approach to the "UFO" controversy which could be used to the detriment of the Air Force or ATIC.

E. RECOMMENDATIONS:

14. None. Return of the analysis and identity of the specimens will dictate the action necessary.

OLIVER D. HILL
M/Sgt USAF
Air Sciences Division

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

15 NOV 1956

Cincinnati 27, Ohio
Dear Mr. 

The material which you submitted to M/Sgt Hill on 12 October 1956 for study and analysis is returned herewith.

A thorough, critical analysis naturally required a certain amount of small destruction of the metal fragments, and some dissipation of the threads-like material.

The results of an analysis of this material which, indirectly or implication, you purpose to be of some extra terrestrial origin, or in the case of the so-called 'angel's-hair' produced from a UFO, is summarized as follows:

a. All material submitted is 'man-made' or man-fabricated.'

b. Samples were examined microscopically, chemically and spectographically.

c. Metal Samples:
All four samples were found to be ferro-chromium and magnetic and not radioactive. The composition obtained for these samples:

Chromium     67 - 71 percent
Silica       0.1 - 1.0 percent
Ni, Co, & Mn 0.2 percent
Mg, Co, & Al 0.5 percent
Iron         Balance

The crystalline structure and non-oxidized condition of these samples points directly to the fact that a high-temperature such as would be encountered by one of meteoric origin has not been imposed. Both the common appearance and the analysis of these samples strongly suggest that they have been the bin of either a steel mill or steel foundry where characteristically added to steel melts.

PERM
TEMP
90 DAYS
INITIAL

ATIC FORM 144 (REV 20 FEB 56)    ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET


- page 6 -

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

d. Textile Sample:

The sample purported to be so-called "angel's-hair", reportedly a volatile by-product of the fuel in "flying saucers," was given both chemical and microscopic tests and is, without doubt, a predominant rayon, which is more commonly called "Bemberg rayon" in the United States. This material, after exposure to air for 72 hours at the Materials Branch, did not volatilize.

This is the type of industrial or waste product "lint" that may be ejected into the atmosphere by certain manufacturers of textiles. In this case, rayon. Incidentally, there appears to be no basis whatever for the assumption that the material was other than the industrial waste product described.

The set which you refer to, of carrying nine pounds of metal a distance of one and one-half miles for deposit in a gravel pit, must contain a number of such examples, and represent deliberate attempts to manufacture evidence and, as such, result collectively in a deplorable waste of Government time, money and effort.

Sincerely,

T. J. CONNAIR, JR.
MAJOR, USAF
Adjutant

[Routing and Coordination Sheet with various routing codes like AFOIN-4, AFOIN-4X2, etc.]


- page 7 -

LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
Aug 54

CASE INCLUDES PHYSICAL
SPECIMEN IN SEPARATE
FOLDER


- page 8 -

Artifact # 341-1-4665

ARTIFACT ROOM

[1975]


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

C.R.I.F.O.
Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects

October 14, 1956

Captain G. T. Gregory
A.T.I.C
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain Gregory,

I certainly enjoyed talking with M/Sgt. Oliver Hill during his visit to my home, October 12th. He was indeed patient, understanding and courteous. I regret that business pressures (at the DuBois Co.) didn't allow me more time to show him the endless material re: UFO's, which I have on file, but perhaps this opportunity will present itself at a later date.

Discussed only briefly my collection of notes, etc., re: "little men" which I prefer to call "gnomen" --for the little creatures certainly do not appear human. When 1/Sgt. Hill was here I could not locate the drawings I made of the gnomen, but have since found them and will have photostats made to day to enclose with this letter. If the drawings are of interest, I will gladly furnish all the details returned during my interviews with this series. I have made copious notes.

Of interest to M/Sgt. Hill was the metal specimens I had. I promised him that I would forward the pertinent information by letter concerning the unknown metal. Excuse the jumbled notes from my copy in copying excerpts from numerous letters which describe the history and preliminary analysis of the metal.

I first learned of the metal's discovery by phone. The caller was from Roseville, Michigan. Following the call, sent me a letter, from which I quote in part: "First, the object was found in an old gravel pit that had been abandoned some thirty years ago. The nearest man-made machinery was some 1500 yards away. The object was noticed because of its brilliance against the normal background of the gravel pit."

Date of letter from which I am quoting is April 2, 1955. Thus, eight months prior to the above date is August, 1954. Location of find: near Lafayette, Indiana --NOT CINCINNATI, as I later noticed M/Sgt. Hill had entered on his receipt for metal. I will continue to quote from letter:

"This object is 3½" high by 4" long by 2½" wide--these are rough figures because of the shape of the object. The object seems to be composed of small pieces of metal fused together by some unknown process, yet it is (not) possible to diffuse small pieces by hitting it with a hammer using great force. We could not gain any progress by using a hack saw. The object was checked by a Grand Rapids Geologist, who teaches geology in the public schools. Also, Mr. [redacted] and [redacted] stated that he had never seen anything similar in his experience and that it is not a meteor."


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

The following are quotations from Mr. [redacted]'s letter of April 13, 1955.
"So far, two metallurgists have samples (of metal) and preliminary tests have then somewhat baffled. One stated that he was leary of using his diamond cutting tool, with $50. ----Recently, I made an appointment with Mr. [redacted] of Radioactive Products, Inc., here in Detroit. I gave the metal a radioactive test which proved negative. A voltage meter showed a high conductivity, then, a density check registered 7 --considered high. One of their metal experts was sure it was marcasite, a form of pure iron. Further checks ruled this out....I was able to break off some larger pieces and if needed will mail one to you....Took a small piece to welding shop. With a No 6 welding tip, it heated red to white hot, didn't melt and didn't change its shape--just turned dark."

With the numerous samples of the metal on hand, I [redacted] took then to the University of Cincinnati. Was I decided in my letter to Mr. [redacted], dated April 14, 1955. "It was just last evening that I got the final analysis on the metallic objects. Dr. [redacted] of Un. of Cincinnati phoned me and explained the results found under spectroscope. Without making a thorough quantitative study--which would require a larger chunk, they said they found the following elements:

"50 to 85% of chromium
a high percentage of iron
manganese
nickel-cobalt
vanadium

"Dr. [redacted] said that the object could safely be called a 'solidified chromium ingot' which showed by its fusion with other metals to a man-made. However, he was at a loss to explain how or why it was found in a gravel pit with such complete natural state, he said....My first interviews centered in the Geology building at the university. There, I discussed the metals with four geologists, but they seemed baffled by its extreme crystallinity. They tested with Geiger Counter but it registered very little. At this point they made a comparison test with other metals on hand. Most others smoked a higher point of radioactivity. All doctors ruled out the meteoritic explanation and showed me samples of nickel-iron meteorites. In the metallurgy dept, examination showed that the objects were subjected to extreme heat, but said the object cooled slowly--thus causing the high degree of crystallinity...."

The following is a quotation from Mr. [redacted]'s letter of May 16, 1955:
"This evening, my mother-in-law, Mrs. [redacted], called me from Grand Rapids to state that she has made a complete search of the gravel pit where the metal was found and that she could not find a trace of any identical metal, or any metal at all. She says that it would be foolish for anyone to carry that original nine-pound piece for a mile and a half just to drop it in the pit. She says the nearest road is 1½ miles...."


- page 11 -

Following is quotation from a letter of August 23, 1955:
"...You will be receiving requests for Orbit from several individuals who work for Lear, Inc as they are most interested in the subject of UFO's. ...can safely enquire, gave the metal to their lab man for a report. I am enclosing said report showing 72.8 % chromium. After the analyst, gave this report, he was shown your letter of April 14th, 1955, giving the report by Mr. ---- and was somewhat shaken to learn that other metals were once contained in the metal that he analysed. Mr. will now subscribe to Orbit, and the metal will be shown to Mr. ---- when he arrives from California..."

So rests the case of the unknown metal from an abandoned gravel pit near Lafayette, Indiana.

Still another type of black metal or rock has come into my possession from Erie, Pa. It was found in the middle of a road at 12:45 am, August 11, 1956. It was too hot to handle. I now have fragments under analysis.

I hope that the so-called "angel hair" you have will prove to be something more than cobweb. Since talking with M/Sgt. Hill I have learned that more of the "stuff" was found against neighboring screendoors, but has since been lost.


- page 12 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Partially 7th

just found in 9 a.m.
clear viewed so type
to cause of cause of
against normal item me
of 9 real pt.

Date-? months prior to
2 Qtr 5-8 = Aug 5-1

Note: Some words are partially illegible or difficult to read with complete certainty.


- page 13 -

