The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book archives.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 08/01/52
2. LOCATION: Cleveland Heights, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 08/01/52
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 6 Ground-Radar
5. DURATION: 15 minutes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: Unknown
10. CONCLUSIONS: No photos, possibly balloon, possibly aircraft, possibly astronomical, possibly air-intercept radar.
11. COMMENTS: Analyzing with Air/Analysis

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and used as accurately as possible, please use the following instructions carefully. You should include all pertinent information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, instructions, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation as accurately as you can remember.

NAME: (PLEASE PRINT)
SIGNATURE:
DATE: JULY 9, 1954

I was driving home from an appointment with an Insurance prospect. I was driving on Mayfield Road, in a westerly direction, approximately 1/2 mile west of the Monticello Blvd. intersection, heading towards Cedar Road, when I noticed an unusual looking object in the sky. It was hovering in a stationary position over the area. It was an extremely bright object, approximately twice the size of a B-47 bomber, and round in shape. It appeared to be about 2,000 feet in altitude, and was about 3/4 of a mile from my location. After observing it for about 30 seconds, it suddenly accelerated at a fantastic rate of speed and disappeared from sight in a matter of seconds. I was completely amazed at the speed and maneuverability of this object. It made no sound whatsoever, and there were no signs of any type of propulsion system. I have been a student pilot for about 3 years, and I have never seen anything like this before. I am quite certain that this was not any type of conventional aircraft. I turned around and drove back to the area where I had seen the object, but it had completely disappeared.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

USAF 715
A report of a supposed observation of an unidentified aerial object was received from ________ Cuyahoga Heights, Ohio on 8 July 1954. The report stated that at approximately 9:00 PM, EST, the informant and a friend observed a luminous object in the sky which moved in a northeasterly direction at a high rate of speed. The object was observed for approximately 3-4 seconds. The informant stated that the object was approximately the size of a small aircraft and gave off a yellowish-orange glow. No sound was heard. The informant was of the opinion that the object was some type of unconventional aircraft.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire filled out.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
a. Yes
b. No 
c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was it more like that of an automobile headlight?
a. A mile or more away (a distant car)
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away? 
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off sparks? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flutter, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what:
a. Yes
b. No
c. Don't know

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what:
a. Yes
b. No
c. Don't know

14. Did the object appear:
a. Solid?
b. Transparent?
c. Don't know

15. Did you see the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Binoculars Yes No
c. Telescope Yes No
d. Windshield Yes No
e. Window glass Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other

- page 4 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to collect information about reported UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. This information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any of the information or publications unless it is necessary, and we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
   Day: 4   Month: 7   Year: 1954

2. Time of day:
   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time seen:
   (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   Nearest Postal Address: 2072 Overlook Drive   City or Town: CLEVELAND HEIGHT S   State or County: OHIO

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 20 to 30 seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with questions and instructions for the observer to describe the observed object.

Text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Whistling, whooshing, hissing, no sound.
b. Color - Bright white, brilliant, glowing, silver, metallic.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you see such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Clearly lighted 
                c. Other
                d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
(Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One)
a. Head of a pin d. Grapefruit
b. Pea e. Basketball
c. Dime f. Other
23. (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.):
a. Certain b. Not very sure
c. Fairly certain d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, please make a rough sketch showing the shape of the object as you saw it, and what the object looked like, that is, whether it had wings, lights, or other distinguishing features, as well as any color or other characteristics which you noted. If there were more than one object, show how they were arranged in relation to each other as they appeared to you.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, featuring a questionnaire with various questions and answer options related to sightings and observations of unidentified flying objects.

Text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
a. In a builidng
b. Outside
c. Driving
d. Crowd or group
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Flying an aircraft?
e. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest 
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _20_ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast 
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 8 -

The image contains two sketches. The larger sketch appears to depict a landscape with buildings and a person standing on a road. The smaller sketch shows a rounded shape in the sky.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Please draw an "A" on the position the object was in when you first saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position where the object was when you first saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 9 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with text fields to be filled out.

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One):
1. Few
2. Scattered clouds
3. Thick or heavy clouds
4. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One):
1. Clear, mild, or light rain
2. Moderate rain
3. Moderate or heavy rain
4. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One):
1. Cold
2. Cool
3. Warm
4. Hot
5. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day ________ Month ________ 1_2_3 Year __________

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
I saw there objects several times within a couple of months. I first saw one while driving home from work and I saw them on several other occasions usually late at night or early in the morning. They appeared similar in shape and size to this object, were high in the sky, and at first seemed like starts but were much slower in motion. I would see them hovering, then moving rapidly off at tremendous speeds, often disappearing almost instantly. This was a very puzzling experience and I am still trying to understand what I saw.

39. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
The object was definitely not an airplane or other known type of aircraft. It's motion and ability to hover and move at tremendous speeds argues against a conventional explanation. I cannot say for sure what it was, but it almost seems like the kind of thing described in UFO reports, a strange aerial phenomenon of unknown origin. Whatever it was, it was a most unusual sight and I am still trying to make sense of the experience.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book questionnaire document.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Street City [Redacted] Zone [Redacted] State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job? Insurance salesman and underwriter
Age: 25 Sex: male
Please indicate any special educational training you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school: [Redacted]
c. College: 
d. Post graduate:

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 Day 7 Month 19 54 Year

- page 11 -

