PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
3 June 1954

2. LOCATION
Red River Arsenal
Texarkana, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local     0100
GMT       08/0002

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual   □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual        □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
NE to SW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object was bright, golden color, size of a wash tub, at 5 - 10,000 ft altitude moving downward at a rapid rate of speed from NE to the SW. Object was bright, golden, no hail. Made peculiar sound. Two minutes after it disappeared from sight there was an explosion in direction of an arsenal of some sort.

11. COMMENTS
UNIDENTIFIED

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
[X] Other...
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY
FORT SAM HOUSTON, TEXAS
Office of the AC of S, G-2

UNCLASSIFIED

IN REPLY REFER TO:
AGADS-0 000.9

SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Phenomena

TO: Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: MCIS

1. Attached for your information are extracts of a report on an unidentified aerial object sighted on 8 June 1954 which were forwarded to this office by the Commanding Officer, Red River Arsenal, Texarkana, Texas.

2. Attention is invited to possible relation between descending movement of unidentified aerial object and explosion of fragmentation cluster bomb in nearby arsenal at approximately same moment.

2 Incls:
1 - Extract of Report, 11 Jun 54 & Ltr 8 Jun 54
2 - Cy of Statement,

[Signature of] C. B. VALENTINE
Colonel, GS
AC of S, G-2

Cy furnished:
CG, Continental Air Command

[Declassification note at bottom of page]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

11 June 1954

1. On 8 June 1954, at 0236 hours, an explosion of fragmentation cluster bombs occurred in an earthen revetment in a restricted ammunition area in Red River Arsenal, Texarkana, Texas. Two blasts in rapid succession, with sparks ascending approximately 150 feet, left a large hole in the ground and scattered containers and unexploded fragmentation bombs in the vicinity. Debris, scattered over the surrounding area for a distance of 500 yards, started several small fires in nearby wooded areas. No one was in the area at the time of the explosion, except the driver of a patrol car, making his rounds. He was at a distance of 250 yards from the explosion, but neither he nor the vehicle suffered damage.

2. By morning of 9 June 1954, no cause of the explosion had been determined, but it was the opinion of Colonel Aldrup that a minor electrical storm, which was in progress at the time, may be a preliminary examination failed to disclose the possibility of Sabotage.

3. On 8 June 1954, at 0100 hours, Mr. Hocks, Texas, an employee of the General Supply Division, Red River Arsenal, who is reported by the Military Intelligence Officer, Red River Arsenal, to be reliable, saw a circular object which appeared to him to be about the size of a wash tub and about 5,000 to 10,000 feet altitude but moving downward, traveling at a rapid rate of speed from the northeast, over his house, and toward the southwest and the Red River Arsenal. The object was a bright golden yellow, had no tail such as a comet would have, and made a peculiar sound. About two minutes after the object had passed from sight, he heard the explosion in the direction of the Arsenal. A copy of statement is attached.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 3 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Extract from letter report from 3rd Corps, Red River Arsenal, Texarkana, Tex., 8 June 1954, to CG, Fourth Army:

2. Mr. [redacted], DA civilian employee of this installation, called at this office at approximately 8:45 A.M., 8 June 1954, and submitted the attached statement.

3. Mr. [redacted] is a reliable person and does not seem to have fantastie tendencies. He was very sincere in discussing this information. The information has not been released to anyone except the Commanding Officer of this installation.

4. This information is submitted in conjunction with an explosion of a movement in Area D, Red River Arsenal, consisting of fragmentation of later rounds with covered at 2:50 A.M., 8 June 1954. The explosion consisted of two blasts in succession, with sparks ascending approximately 150 feet. The explosion left a large hole in the ground, and scattered cans and fragmentation bombs w/f in the vicinity of D-6 igloos. Debris was scattered over Area D and a portion of Area E. Ammunition storage division.

* * * *

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Texarkana, Texas
8 June 1954

STATEMENT BY MR. [REDACTED] GENERAL SUPPLY DIVISION, RED RIVER ARSENAL

My name is [redacted] and I am employed by General Supply Division, at present in Building 82. My residence is in Hooks, Texas, north of the high school. I have worked at the Arsenal since 15 May 1941.

I got up approximately 1:00 A.M. this morning to take the children to the cellar. A heavy cloud was coming up. I took the children to the cellar and put them to bed and stayed there. One was two years old and was going to sleep. Then I went back to the house and stopped at the northeast corner of the house and watched the cloud northeast of the house and watching the light. I noticed a light low behind the cloud shining through the cloud and saw it was not a star, although at first I thought it was. It kept approaching from the northeast traveling directly over my residence. In came from under the cloud and was a bright golden yellow, without any tail following, and had a peculiar sound. It passed directly over my house traveling toward the southwest and the light disappeared in the northwest corner of the house, watching and listening, wondering what it was. Some two minutes after it disappeared from sight there was an explosion in the direction of my residence, which frightened my wife. I carried her to the cellar and returned to the house to check the time and turn the fan off in the residence. At that time it was 2:37A.M.

Q. Are you familiar with a comet in the sky?
A. I have seen two fall in my life.

Q. Did this object going over your house have a tail similar to a comet?
A. No, it was strictly a blackout behind it. It also had a noise and the two comets I saw had no noise except for the explosion after they had fallen.

Q. Approximately how high would you say this object appeared to you?
A. As nearly as I could guess, it was higher in the northeast and was lowering. When I first sighted it, it appeared to be approximately 3 or 10 thousand feet high and approaching from underneath the cloud. It was traveling at a rapid speed.

Q. Did this object pass directly over your house?
A. Yes sir.

Q. What size did the object appear to be?
A. As nearly as I could tell from the light, I would say between the size of a 10 or 20 watt bulb. As it came overhead it was not more than 5 or 10,000 feet high.

UNCLASSIFIED
154-9634-B


- page 5 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Statement, Mr. Lloyd T. Prewitt, 8 June 1954

Q. What was the weather condition at the time you saw the object going over?
A. It was cloudy overhead with a heavy dark cloud in the northeast that had passed north of us, raining some out of it.

Q. You have been in the service?
A. No. I was called out, loaded up ready to go, but I did not go.

Q. Exactly what type of noise was it that the object made?
A. Similar to these sky rockets that go up and make a Sim-hm, only it was more prominent and had more buzz to it.

Q. Did anyone else see the object?
A. My wife only saw the light. She became frightened from the light and the explosion that followed.

Q. Did you mention this to anyone else in the morning?
A. I mentioned it to the man who rides with me, Mr. White. He spoke of hearing the explosion and it jarred his house, but he thought it was lightning that had struck. He was sleeping; I told him about seeing the light. I believe he said his wife had noticed a light just before the explosion. I also mentioned it to Mr. Harmon, supervisor in Building 82. He said the explosion rocked his house. He lives in East Hooks Court, and he thought the war had begun. He has been in the service. And to a dispatcher who lives about 8 miles from here. He said it shook his residence. He thought it was lightning.

Q. When did you know of the explosion on the Arsenal?
A. Definitely, I did not know until I turned in my insurance papers this morning, other than hearing a rumor of a small explosion and knew something had blown up.

/s/ Lloyd T. Prewitt
LLOYD T. PREWITT
Box 1275
Hooks, Texas

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS

Page 1 of 2 pages

UNCLASSIFIED

154-9634-D


- page 6 -

