The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a document form from Project 10073 record. The form provides details about an observation incident, including the date, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, whether photos were taken, and whether any physical evidence was found.

The text from the form is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
10 October 1954
2. LOCATION
Crane, Indiana
3. SOURCE
Civilian
10. CONCLUSION
PROBABLY ASTRONOMICAL FUNCTION
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
3
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 - 5 Seconds
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Highly barely audible sound. About 75 ft in length. Oval in shape. Riised with blue white flame.
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Witness
7. COURSE
NW by N
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from the U.S. Naval Ammunition Depot in Crane, Indiana, regarding an unidentified flying object report.

U. S. NAVAL AMMUNITION DEPOT
Crane, Indiana
DTI-13/49
(953)(24/2) :NIT
12 October 1954

From: Commanding Officer, U. S. Naval Ammunition Depot, Crane, Indiana
To: Director of Intelligence, Headquarters USAF, Washington 25, D.C.
Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio--
ATTN: ATIAA-20
Commander, Air Defense Command, ENT AFB, Colorado Springs,
Colorado
Commander, Eastern Air Defense Force, Stewart AFB, Newburgh,
N. Y.

Subj: Unidentified flying objects; report on

Ref: (a) CINCLANT AIRINST 3520.1 OF 23 JULY 1954
(b) COMEASTSPAFRON INSTRUCTION 3820.2 OF 16 JULY 1954

Encl: (1) Copy of Mr. XXXXX report dtd 6 Oct 1954

1. Enclosure (1) is a report on the sighting of an unidentified flying object observed by XXXXX. It is forwarded in accordance with references (a) and (b).

2. In addition to Mr. XXXXX's report, the following supplemental information is submitted:

a. Location - The geographical location of the observer was approximately 39°25' North Latitude and 86°55' West Longitude.
b. Weather - Clear, winds approximately 10-15 miles per hour.
c. Visibility - Good. 
d. Air Traffic - There was no known air traffic in the air at the time of sighting.
e. There was no known activity or condition, meteorological or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

3. The observer is a reliable Depot employee, and it is believed that his report is a true statement of his observation.

H. S. HARLIN
H. C. TURNER, Jr.
By direction

Copy to:
Director of Naval Intelligence, Wash., D. C.
Commander, TASKINRON, 50 Church St., N.Y.
Commander, Naval Air Stn, Glenview, Ill.

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

COPY
Friday 10-8-54 - 1930

At the time and date mentioned above, while I was sitting at water line watching my wife for company, we spotted an object racing through the sky. My wife spotted it first and called for me to look. At first sight, it seemed like a fire ball, and though it traveled in a true horizontal plane with no arc whatever.

It was ovate in shape and in comparison to conventional aircraft it appeared to be about 75 ft in length, and was ringed with a very brilliant white of bluish-white flame. A trail of fire or flame about 6 times the length of the object with occasional bursts of flame also trailed. It had a high, shrill, audible sound similar to a sound produced by a speedboat.

I estimate the height of between 1000 to 2000 feet. I can not estimate the speed but I watched it for a distance of about 4 ground miles and at that sight it was about the distance of a horizon limit. The whole incident took perhaps 3-5 seconds. The speed of the object was terrifying. I have watched jets in the daytime at altitudes of 1000 feet but this object was far exceeding that speed. The object emitted no smoke, dust or exhaust that I could see, and what sound was audible was incomparable to that produced by a jet.

The object was headed in a SE by E direction straight and true.

COPIED AT NAD CRANE- 10/12/54/MT
Encl. (1) to NAD Crane ltr
PBB-18/39(63)(24/3):MUAF of
12 Oct 60-6 1954

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely related to Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

Capt. R. G. Turner, Jr. USAF
U. S. Naval Ammunition Depot
Crane, Indiana

Dear Captain Turner:

Thank you for your letter of October 12th, which forwarded the report of Mr. Palladino concerning his observation of an unidentified flying object.

As you are undoubtedly aware, the Air Force has had a major active program of investigation and evaluation of information contained in Mr. Palladino's report. This data has been included in our continuous study for scientific evaluation.

For your convenience I am attaching a copy of the USAF Air Force Summary of Project's grants and information concerning the unidentified flying objects, which summarizes all the known facts established by the Air Force.

Very truly yours,

JOSEPH A. BLOMER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Directorate of Intelligence

- page 4 -

