PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
29 NOV 54

2. LOCATION
CHARLESTON, S.C.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 30/0340Z
GMT: 30/0340Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
MILITARY

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
MOMENTARY

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE

9. COURSE
DOWNWARD

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
BRILLIANT BLUE FLASH, SMOKE OR CLOUD AS
RESULT.
(NO CASE IN FILE)

11. COMMENTS
OBJ IDENTIFIED AS METEOR

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical METEOR
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Amazed Sicilians watch a incredulous sight - flying objects which resemble the "flying saucers" recently been reports of undeter- This photo at Taormina.

[Note: The text appears to be slightly cut off or partially illegible at the edges, so I've transcribed what I could clearly read.]

The image shows several people from behind, looking out over a railing or fence, seemingly observing something in the sky. The caption suggests they are watching unidentified flying objects in Sicily.


- page 2 -

SEA-DART EXPLOSION Nov. 6, 1954

Convair Jet Blast Baffles Citizen News

SAN DIEGO (IP) — Baffled yesterday at the plant of General Dynamics Corporation, Navy and Convair experts press and an investigation today to learn why the world's fastest seaplane fell apart in the air over San Diego Bay, killing a veteran test pilot, Charles E. Richbourg, 31, was killed when his Jet Sea-Dart suddenly disintegrated and plunged into flames, in full view of several hundred persons.

SEA-DART

Continued from Page 1—

Jet came out of a shallow dive at high, but not supersonic, speed and abruptly began to shudder. For a split-second it seemed to pitch longitudinally and a fraction later it was in flames, the intense heat being felt on the shore 300 feet below.

What happened then was progressive, rapid disintegration. The Delta (triangular) wing and horizontal stabilizer flew in all directions and the nose section extending aft of the cockpit hurtled forward and into the harbor. A few hundred feet to the right of the burning parts probably would have fallen on the crowd.

Richbourg, an ex-Navy fighter pilot, still was strapped to his cockpit seat when reached by company divers immediately after the wreckage plunged into the 40-foot depths of the bay. He died two minutes later on a nearby dock.

The flyer, who joined Convair in 1951 and exceeded the speed of sound last summer, is survived by his wife Margaret, 28, and two children, Roger, 3, and Margaret, not quite a year old.

Company and Navy officials refused today to speculate on the cause of the mysterious crash.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

[LETTERHEAD]
DON BARRY, Director
Phone 7-1764

OFFICE OF
CIVIL DEFENSE
OLEAN, N.Y.

April 25, 1960

Major Lawrence J. Tacker
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
Washington, D. C.

Dear Major Tacker:

I have written you previously pertaining to UFO reports. I am currently preparing an editorial concerning an unidentified flying object sighting on the night of November 18, 1954 over western New York reportedly of which involved two Air Force jet planes from Rome AFB, New York. (Rome, New York)

I am writing you for confirmation and other necessary details of this alleged incident. The report states an unidentified flying object was approaching Niagara Falls Air Force Base from the general direction of Syracuse and traveling at a slow rate of speed. It was described as about the size of the moon when viewed by the naked eye. The moon was visible that night...but in another section of the sky.

Niagara Falls' AFB allegedly received a report from one Jonah Fortner, formerly of Buffalo, New York, concerning the approaching object. I am not quite certain whether he sighted the object, called Niagara Falls AFB, or whether someone called Fortner of the on-coming object and Fortner then called the base.

The report further states that two jets were sent up from Rome, New York Air Force Base to intercept. The time was allegedly between 9:00 P.M. and 11:00 P.M., perhaps earlier, I am not sure.

The report ends by stating the jets trailed the UFO. As the object moved out over Lake Erie, it DIVED into the lake with the two jets following. The UFO and jets allegedly completely disappeared into the lake. I have also been informed that Mr. Jonah Fortner was quizzed by Niagara Falls AFB officials, and later questioned by officials of Rome AFB.

I would appreciate it very much if you will check this matter out for me and send me the necessary information concerning this report. This incident occurred the same week a jet disappeared while on a UFO intercept over the state of Michigan.

Thanking you in advance for the necessary information, I remain

Yours sincerely,
Bob Barry
320 N. 6th St.,
Olean, New York


- page 4 -

Here is the full text of the document:

OFFICE OF
CIVIL DEFENSE
OLEAN, N.Y.

April 25, 1960

Public Information Officer
Niagara Falls AFB
Niagara Falls, New York

Dear Sir:

My name is Bob Barry, Civil Defense Director for the City of Olean, and News Director of Radio Station WNBZ, Olean. I am preparing an editorial concerning a UFO sighting (Unidentified Flying Object) on the night of November 18, 1954 over Western New York which reportedly involved two jets from Rome.

I am writing for confirmation and other necessary information pertaining to this sighting. I was told that an Unidentified Flying Object was traveling at a slow rate of speed toward Niagara Falls from the direction of Syracuse. It was described as about the size of the moon as viewed with the naked eye. The moon was visible in another portion of the sky that night.

Your base allegedly received a report from one Yonah Fortner, of Buffalo, New York, concerning the on-coming object. I am not quite certain as to whether he signed the object and called your base, or if someone contacted him and he in turn called the base.

The report further states that two jets from Rome, New York AFB were sent up for an intercept. The time was allegedly between 9:00 P.M. and 11:00 P.M., perhaps earlier, I am not sure.

The report ends by stating the jets trailed the UFO. As the object went out over Lake Erie, it DIVED into the lake with the two jets following. The UFO and jets completely disappeared into the lake. I have also been informed that Mr. Fortner was quizzed by your base and was also taken to Rome, New York Air Force Base for further discussions there about the UFO incident.

I would appreciate it very much if you will check this matter out for me and secure the necessary information regarding this incident. Kindly contact me via letter of your findings. This incident occurred the same week a jet plane disappeared over the state of Michigan while pursuing an unidentified flying object.

Thanking you in advance for your help in this important matter.

Kindest personal regards,

Bob Barry
328 N. 6th St.
Olean, New York


- page 5 -

HEADQUARTERS
267TH AIR DIVISION (SAGE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
HANCOCK FIELD
SYRACUSE 25, NEW YORK

REPLY TO:
ATTN OF:   26CIS

SUBJECT:   Editorial - Unidentified Flying Object

TO:        ADC (ADOIN)

1. The attached letter is forwarded for your information and
necessary action.

2. This Headquarters has no knowledge of subject incident.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
ARTHUR R. JEFFREY
Major, USAF
Dir of Adm Svc 26

1 Atch
Ltr dated 25 April 1960


- page 6 -

TEL: MELROSE 2-8511
EXT: 2193

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ADOIN

HEADQUARTERS
AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ENTI AIR FORCE BASE
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

5 MAY 1960

SUBJECT: Editorial - Unidentified Flying Object

TO: ADCIS

The attached letter, 26CIS, Headquarters 26 Air Div, 2 May 1960, subject as above, is forwarded for your information and any appropriate action. ADOIN has no knowledge of cited incident.

JOHN R. LINEHAN
Lt Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence

1 Atch
Ltr, 26CIS, Hq 26 AD, 2 May 60, Editorial-
Unidentified Flying Object w/1 Atch, 1 cy ltr, Civil Defense, 25 April 1960


- page 7 -

TEL: MELROSE 2-5511
EXTN: 2258

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ADCIS-P

SUBJECT: Editorial - Unidentified Flying Object

TO: Secretary of the Air Force (SAFOI)
Wash 25 DC

The attached correspondence is forwarded for your information
and necessary action in accordance with Par 4d AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER

BROWN H. MAYALL
Colonel, USAF
Command Information Officer

1 Atch
Ltr ADOIN, Hq ADC 5 May 60,
Ltr, 26CIS, Hq 26 AD,
2 May 60, Editorial
Unidentified Flying Object
w/1 Atch, 1 cy ltr Civil
Defense, 25 April 1960

The bottom of the page contains some handwritten text that appears to be partially illegible.


- page 8 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

Name or Title: Major L. J. Tucker
Organization and Location: SARDI-34 OSAF

Remarks:
Larry- Returned herewith is letter from Bob Barry. Also attached is another letter from him, almost identical, to Niagara Falls AFB with endorsements. We have searched our files and find no sighting or report during the time he mentions in the area he mentions any report that remotely resembles it, nor anything in that general area at that time. Note that Niagara Falls AFB says they have no record of the incident.

From Name or Title: Ted Hisatt
Organization and Location: AFOIN-433
Date: 18 May 60
Telephone: 97136

DD FORM 95
(FEB 58) Replaces DA AGO Form 945, 1 Apr 54, and AFBQ Form 12, 10 Nov 57, which may be used.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

carof-31/maj tucker/am/7229l

25 May 1960

Dear Mr. Barry:

This is to acknowledge your letter of 25 April 1960 addressed to this office, Niagra Falls Air Station and Griffiss Air Force Base, New York concerning an unidentified flying object sighting of 18 November 1954 over Western New York.

Niagra Falls Air Station and Griffiss Air Force Base have no record of this sighting. This sighting was not reported to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center. Griffiss Air Force Base at Rome, New York had no major aircraft accident or missing aircraft during the month of November 1954.

I regret I could not help you in this matter.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. Bob Barry
328 N. 5th Street
Clean, New York

01-3d comeback
01-1 reader


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NO CASE, INSUFFICIENT DATA                   23 NOV 54, NORWAY

Captain, we just ain't gettin' the
good only

REMARKABLE NORWEGIAN NEAR-LANDING CASE OF 1954 NOW PUBLISHED

In the March, 1957 issue of SIR! magazine (thanks to Theodore M. Hill of Woodbury, N.J. for sending it to us) Norwegian newspaperman Oddvar Larsen tells of an extraordinary sighting, which he believes to be authentic. (Incidentally, publication in a magazine like SIR! might raise a question of whether the whole thing is a piece of fiction, fortunately, we can attest to the work of Oddvar Larsen.) Larsen writes directly in English; the article is not a translation.

The date was November 23, 1954--a time just after the great landing wave in France, when notable sightings were being made in many places, among them Italy and Brazil. The witness were three little girls, nine and ten, named Tora Toy Haugo, of Torpo, in the Hallingdal district; Anne was ten years old, the other two were nine, and all were frightened out of their wits. As they were coming home from school near some woods, a black object descended rapidly from the sky, knocked snow from the tree tops, and stopped only a few feet above the girls' heads. They gave the following weird description of it: "It looked like a stone...like a ball ...about ten feet across; the lower parts was black, but trimmed with yellow spots which could have been made of glass, and there were also a number of small, red jags." The upper part was transparent--the trees could be seen through it--and a human or at any rate semi-human pilot was visible inside, operating controls of some sort. Dressed in black, this man or entity had "big eyes", covered by a pair of immense, red glasses", with which he looked straight at the girls. The craft then rose again with a droning sound, brushing a high-tension line and striking a shower of sparks from it; an odor compared by Tora Toy to "fried sausages" (ozone?) filled the air; and the little girls ran for their lives.

When Larsen first heard of this story, he was naturally skeptical; but after hearing tape recordings of an on-the-spot investigation of the case, he was convinced that neither hoax nor helicopter could account for it. He cites, for example, this detail given by Tora Storedal: "When the stone came down toward me it had a long, white tail behind, but when the stone turned and moved away, the tail went first. That was funny, I thought." In the snow, there was found and photographed a disturbed track 25 yards long, presumably made by the craft after the girls had turned their backs on it.

The Research Section is of course not in a position to endorse this case, but Larsen's writing gives a favorable impression of his good sense, and the evidence as he reports it appears good.

A striking parallel is apparent between the Torpo case and the Hemingford, Quebec landing of August 28, 1954. Here too a spherical craft was reported, with "men" (seven feet tall) dressed in black, with "big round eyes" (unfortunately, no further detail is available.) The Hemingford case's claim to acceptance likewise rests principally on the good impression of honesty and sanity given by the witnesses (Mrs. Coupal and sons) in a taped interview, for which the saucer world is indebted to investigator Dr. G.H. Ditmar of Au Sable Forks, N.Y. (Dr. Ditmar, director of Trace Records' UFO Information Service, generously offers to copy tapes from his collection for those who send a spool of blank tape with directions about speed, etc. Although he does this gratis, you ought to send a couple of dollars to repay him for his time.)


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1954

The New York Herald Tribune several days ago a copy of a photograph taken at Taormina, Sicily, which showed a group of Sicilians gazing skyward at two disk-shaped objects. These objects hovered over the town for two minutes before disappearing, according to Giuseppe Grasso, the photographer who furnished the photograph to the Rome Bureau of the United Press and who is regarded by them as reliable.

The Herald Tribune withheld this photograph from publication pending a further check by The United Press. The United Press reported yesterday that the original negative of the Taormina photograph had been obtained by its Rome bureau and that a careful examination revealed no evidences of double exposure, retouching or any other known methods of falsifying photography.

The United Press stated, "We have not been able to determine from the negative any evidences of fraud whatever." [Picture appears on Page One.]

Some photographic operations apparently had been conducted in the area that day, according to the United Press, but no direct connection between the objects shown in the photograph from Sicily and parachutes was disclosed.

Many sightings have been quickly explained by Air Force scientists and analysts to obvious mistakes by their viewers, who confused natural phenomena including relations on clouds, objects such as weather balloons, with "flying saucers." The Air Force says that comparatively few are deliberate hoaxes. About 10 per cent constitute observations by reliable persons for which there is no apparent explanation of any kind.

Italian Photograph.
Among the photographs being studied is one taken at Taormina, Sicily, which showed a group of Sicilians gazing skyward in the direction of two disk-shaped objects. These objects hovered over the town for about two minutes before disappearing, according to Giuseppe Grasso, the photographer.

U.S. STUDYING EUROPEAN FLYING SAUCER PHOTOS
Swedish, Yugoslav, Italian Reports Checked — 10 Pct. of U.S. Cases Unexplained.

By ANSEL E. TALBERT
NEW YORK, Dec. 10 — United States defense agencies are studying purported photographs taken in at least three European countries — Sweden, Yugoslavia, Italy — of mysterious "flying saucers" to determine whether they could be inhabited vehicles, natural phenomena or frauds.

The United States Air Force's Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, O., which is charged with investigating all "unusual aerial phenomena" having a possible bearing on national defense, also plans to analyze the data and photographs from abroad.

The Air Force said last night that its technical intelligence chiefs, who have been looking into reports of saucers, clear and disk-shaped objects moving through the skies since 1947, still have no opinion on what they might be. The Air Force said further that they "are not saying plane, missile or weapon" developed or under development by the United States and that "no authentic evidence exists that they are space ships from another planet."

Clare Booth Luce, United States Ambassador to Italy, is among the hundreds of persons abroad who have reported seeing unusual phenomena in the skies, although she stressed that she had no idea what it might be.

In Yugoslavia, Dr. Milorad Ptolic, also an astronomer, stated that a glowing object which streaked over Belgrade and its area, and was reported in many other parts of the nation, "could not be a meteor" because it flew on a fixed course. A spokesman for Yugoslav government said that although other scientists discussed the matter very seriously and conducting a thorough investigation.

Sweden's defense ministry has disclosed that photographs were taken two months ago with a telephoto lens of an object which passed over southern Sweden "at exceptionally high speed" about 10,000 feet high. This object went northward and was under observation "from horizon to horizon." No announcement has been made by Sweden as to what it believes the object was.

In France, which has been in the origin of more recent "flying saucer" reports than any other nation in Europe, the magazine Express regarded as the voice of Premier Pierre Mendes-France has offered a reward of 10,000 francs (about $28,570) to the first person to bring a visitor from outer space into its offices.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

ADDRESSED:
Headquarters USAF
ATTN: AFOIN-X, Lt. Col.
Bloomer, Wash., D. C.

SUMMARY OF BASIC DOCUMENT: FILE NO, TYPE, SOURCE, DATE, SUBJECT (Short title / identifier):
Owner - 25 Nov 54, Sylacauga, Alabama: Mrs. [redacted], Weight - 8 lbs, 8 ounces, Color Dull Black, Estimated Type - Aerolite Type Meteorite, probably member of the Andromedid shower, occurring between 24 Nov & 7 Dec.

ENDORSEMENT(S) (Number of copies and copy No.):
2 INCLOSURE(S) (Number of copies and copy No.):
1. Meteorite
2. Photographs (dup) 3 copies each

NOTE-This sheet is to be retained in suspense file until receipt (Duplicate) has been signed and returned, then this sheet should be destroyed.

DD FORM 646
1 MAY 52

REPLACES WD AGO FORM 56, 1 DECEMBER 1941,
WHICH MAY BE USED.

DATE OF LATEST ACTION: 7 Dec 54
DATE DISPATCHED: 7 Dec 54

CLASSIFIED DOCUMENT RE [partially cut off]
(Original)


- page 13 -

ADDRESSEE:
Headquarters USAF
ATTN: AFOIN-X, Lt. Col.
Bloomer, Wash., D. C.

SUMMARY OF BASIC DOCUMENT: FILE NO, TYPE, SOURCE, DATE, SUBJECT (Short title, if available)
Owner - 25 Nov 54, Sylacauga, Alabama; Mrs. H. Hodges. Weight - 8 lbs, 8 ounces. Color
Dull Black. Estimated Type - Aerolite Type Meteorite, probably member of the Andromic
shower, occurring between 24 Nov & 7 Dec.

RETURN THIS RECEIPT IMMEDIATELY
TO ADDRESS INDICATED ON REVERSE

DATE OF LATEST ACTION
7 Dec. 54

DATE DISPATCHED
7 Dec. 54

REGISTRY OR CONTROL NO.

INDORSEMENT(S) (Number of copies and copy Nos.)
2

INCLOSURE(S) (Number of copies and copy Nos.)
1. Meteorite
2. Photographs (dup) 3 copies each

NOTE.-This sheet to be retained in suspense file until receipt (Duplicate) has been signed
and returned, then this sheet should be destroyed.

DD FORM 646
1 MAY 52

REPLACES WD AGO FORM 96, 1 DECEMBER 1944,
WHICH MAY BE USED.

CLASSIFIED DOCUMENT R
GPO 16—51258-1

(Original)


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

The Air Force admits that images like these seen in Sicily are real, but officials say that such phenomena are now explainable.

The image shows several people standing with their backs to the camera, looking out over a railing with a landscape and a small white object in the sky.


- page 15 -

This CASE Includes

FOUR (4) photos clipped

FROM NEWSPAPERS.


- page 16 -

No Case (Information Only)
(See Menzel Book pg 205 for explanation)

November(?) 1954
Taormina, Sicily

The Air Force admits that images like these seen in Sicily are real, but officials say that such phenomena are now explainable.

[The image shows several people standing on a railing or platform, looking at something in the sky. There appears to be a disc-shaped object in the sky above a landscape.]


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

One of the pictures seemingly showing flying saucers, which are being studied by defense agencies. It was taken at Taormina, Sicily. Similar photographs were made in Sweden and Yugoslavia.

Air Force to Probe New 'Flying Saucers' Over Europe

Aerial Electronic Reconnaissance of the United States armed forces are revealing new reports of mysterious airborne objects this year but no trace a mass of recent "flying saucers" reports has caused serious investigations in several nations. In at least three European nations — Sweden, Yugoslavia and Italy — Puzzling photographic evidence of mysterious flying objects were taken and are being studied by defense agencies to determine whether they could be unidentified vehicles, natural phenomena or frauds.

Technical Intelligence Center Air Force Base near Dayton, Ohio, which is charged with investigating all "unusual aerial phenomena", plans to analyze the data and photographs from abroad. The Air Force said officially last night that its technical intelligence officials, who have been looking into reports of saucers, examined through the series since Continued on page 14, column 5


- page 18 -

Hollywood 28 Calif.
12-13-54

Gentlemen: I have
studied the so-called "flying
saucer" picture from
Sicily. If me looks
at it closely, me
notes that neither

of the two Sicilians are looking
at the two-line shaped objects -
but looking to the right, and at
a considerable lower distance
than the earth objects.

Very truly


- page 19 -

Air Force Scans
Fog Pictures
of Flying Saucers

WASHINGTON, Dec. 11 (JP)
The Air Force is studying so-
called flying saucer sightings
in foreign countries as well
as those reported in the
United States.

A spokesman said that a
"flying saucer" photograph
from Sicily is being studied by
the Air Technical Intelligence
Center at Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base, Dayton, O.

The photograph, made at
Taormina, Sicily, showed
Sicilians looking at two disk-
shaped objects. It was made
by Giuseppe Grasso, a photog-
rapher who supplied the pic-
ture to the United Press.


- page 20 -

FLYING SAUCERS? Amazed spectators at Taormina, Italy, sight objects in the sky resembling oft-reported flying disks. Italy recently has been flooded with reports of the flying "mysteries". United Press Photo.

The image shows several people standing on what appears to be a balcony or viewing platform, looking up at objects in the sky. The photograph is in black and white and has a grainy, vintage quality typical of mid-20th century newspaper images.


- page 21 -

