JUNE 1954

Mooresville, Indiana

2130 CST (R)

Civilian

2

Picture of white object with five sides.

1. Photo inclosed show bright spot.
2. Source is photographer by trade.

Rpt to be evaluated by Dr. Hymek.


- page 1 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

9 JUNE 1954                Mooresville, Indiana

DATEOFOBS. 9 JUN 54    LOCATION Mooresville, Indiana
TIME 2130 CST (N)        SOURCE Civilian

NUMBER OF OBJECTS 2

Pictures of white object with five sides.

1. Photo enclosed by trace.
2. Source is photographer by trace.

Rpt to be evaluated by Dr. Hynek.


- page 2 -

Flying Saucer Commission
Pentagon
Washington D. C.

Gentlemen:
During June 1954, I took two pictures of an unknown flying object, one with a regular Kodac cam-era and the other with a camera with a telescopic lens. I sent the photographs to be developed, they could not develop them but returned the negatives to me.

I misplaced them and again found them last month (April) and thought that you would be interested in seeing them.

I would be pleased if you would kindly send back the pictures and any reports or records on the sitings of flying saucers that you could give me.

THANK YOU
Lincolnwood 30, Ill.

Lincolnwood, Ill.
May 14, 1957


- page 3 -

This case contains 2 8x10 photos.


- page 4 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

FJED (WDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
3 March 1964

Dr J Allen Hynek
6623-Ridge Avenue
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Allen,

In the process of reviewing June 1954 cases I ran across three involving photographs, Mooresville, Indiana, Muskogee, Oklahoma and Lincolnwood, Illinois.

I do not have cases for Mooresville and Muskogee and the only information I have are the two letters and copies of the photos from Lincoln.

A note on the Project Card indicates that you evaluated the Mooresville, Indiana case. Could you check these out for me and see if the cases are with your files. Please?

Sincerely,

DAVID N MOODY
TSGT, USAF


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

JUNE 1954                                                                FILE CLASS:
                                                                        OFFICIAL FILE COPY
                                                                        OFFICE OF RECORD

484/M/Sgt O.D. Hill/wm
69216

5 JUN 1957

Lincolnwood 30, Illinois

Dear Mr.

Thank you for your letter of 14 May 1957 submitting two negatives of an unidentified flying object.

This Center has made copies of the negatives and they are now under study by our analysts; however, due to the age and lack of information, it will be very difficult to reach a firm conclusion.

In accordance with Air Force Regulation 200-2, all sightings should be reported to the nearest Air Force Installation for rapid transmission to Air Defense Command, as in any investigation the time element is of prime importance.

Enclosed are the two original negatives, the USAF Summary of Events and the latest USAF Press Release.

Your interest in this program is appreciated.

Sincerely,

ROBERT E. O'CONNOR
Captain, USAF
Assistant Adjutant

Incls:
1. Two negatives
2. USAF Summary
3. USAF Press Release

Note: handwritten notes on the side are partially illegible.


- page 6 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a bright white circular object or light against a grainy, blurry background.


- page 7 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely low quality and faded. Most of the text is illegible due to heavy noise, poor contrast, and scanning artifacts. I cannot confidently extract any readable text from this document.


- page 8 -

