PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
Unknown Date 1954

2. LOCATION
Florence, Massachusetts

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Morning, Day

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Brief

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Descending

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Letter dated 30 July 1957 reporting observation of object described as a "fish plane". Sighting about "three years ago". Lady working at brush factory glanced up and saw object of tremendous size and colored descending behind some trees.

11. COMMENTS
Insufficient Data. Report received three years after sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

1954 UNKNOWN DATE

SOURCE: Flying Saucer, Aug. 1956

For the last few years I have tried to fight a guilty conscience for failing to report my experience in 1954. All of the old excuses apply in my case but I feel it is time to free myself of guilt and tell anyone interested in my experience.

We lived in a small resort area in 1954 about 2½ miles from a small town where my husband and I lived alone. The stretch between the countryside and some areas are quite vacant of farm homes.

About 9:00 p.m. one evening I decided to go to my mother's for a short visit since I knew she was tired before 11:00 p.m. Before starting in the car, I noticed something in the sky - millions of sparkling stars as I failed to see anything else. My car was rather crisp as I didn't have but beside the car down the lonely stretch of gravel road leading toward the small town where my mother lived.

"I had only gone a short distance when I noticed a brilliant light high in the sky out of the window on my side, slowing down so that I could take time to look. I noticed the light seemed to be coming down slowly and moving brighter. I was on at a crawl, watching and wondering what on earth such a bright light could be. Coming to the end of the gravel road, instead of turning in the blacktops, I pulled the car off to the side of the road. A second later, I shut the motor off and sat there watching the light. As it still descended slowly but now swayed from side to side. I fastened my light tighter up around my neck and stepped out of the car - then walked to the front of the car and climbed up on the fenders where I could see perfectly.

Slowly the light grew in size and brightens until finally I felt my pulse type light be weakened at the pit of my stomach. A few minutes passed, I was from to be sure what I was seeing was true. More than 30 feet from me was a large craft hung not more than 30 feet above but in front of me so that I could see it perfectly. I did not move down toward me and neither did I see anything or anyone inside because the light was so bright. The port-like window was a blinding, blurry, white light.

Then all at once an electricity sensation went over me so intense that my hair stood on end. I was completely out of my head, dazed and I felt a tingling sensation as if I actually had been electrically shocked.

It later seemed to me that my mind had been completely dead for an instant although I had only momentarily blacked out. Then my mind seemed to come alive again. I felt there was something or perhaps an idea there.

I had never heard of saucers or space ships then and all I know was that this craft was beyond anything I had ever heard of and I felt fear swallow me completely. My heart started to pound and I felt my stomach churning like an elevator and I collapsed slowly back on the car and in a minute, I felt sure I would never be able to tell the story even if I wanted to.

At that instant, the craft started moving toward and in seconds was completely out of sight!

A few minutes later I managed to get back in the car but I certainly was not ready to start it. I was shaking so hard my teeth rattled.

It was about 20 minutes later before I managed to start the car and slowly I drove the rest of the way to my mother's. When she saw my face, she was highly alarmed, thinking something had happened to my truck driving husband. I told her all right and she told me something had to be wrong for my face was white as a sheet. I did not tell her when I told her, I had taken ill on the way there.

Today I have read about all of the well-known reports on saucers and I could tell myself one and one and the earth to the other. If only I knew more about saucers then. I've never gotten over the feeling since learning about space, that if I had not become so deathly afraid, they might possibly have landed or else contacted me in some other manner. I feel sure now that they left suddenly, only to save me from dying of fear.

Mrs. Alice J. David
1774 Pike St.
Wabash, Indiana


- page 2 -

Text found in the document:

Worcester
Mass.

Hq. L. Moody
Dept. of Air Force
Washington 25,
D.C.

REGISTERED
1164

(Several postal stamps with dates and locations are visible, including a Washington postmark)


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

July 30, 1957

Dear Sir:

About three years ago when I live in North Hampton, Mass. I was caught at the Prophylactic Lunch Co. in Florence, Mass. I glanced up from my work on this particular day and I saw this tremendous colorful fish descending from some trees. It was the first time I had seen such an object and I mentioned it to F. Mellor Morrison. I have to date a fish plate. Being very much interested in this particular object, I noted in the wall hill leading to the spot but I noticed with three men present there and I being alone I wandered around but last.

I met the Civil Defense in that area and I know they were Observer Squad. They notified me in New Haven, Conn. They notified me my were going to or had sent by letter to some huge place in New York. I could never learn from any of them because they learned it did mean another attempt at another round and because I was an open field there I normally thought it was a nice place for landing if it was that sort of an object. I also had noticed like since that as an object program of testing telephone - which from the bottom of the see now if this object is not of from an enemy it certainly could prove invaluable in this particular field. Either testing equipment or understanding or observing and learning. Its design is proof of its infallibility. For a number of uses both military and personal.

I am going to attempt to make another likeness to this object below, it occurs will be only a minute drawing. I am most interested with you think of this.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]
Worcester, Mass.

[Handwritten note at bottom:]
The lines of course were straight. The fish was much upset for its color as fish that is common around these parts but only about 6 inches long. This object had to be more tremendous than - to see such its colors from that

[Additional text at bottom:]
7310551-57
[Illegible text]


- page 4 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY
BUREAU OF SHIPS
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

IN REPLY REFER TO:
72(L13)
Ser 110-1984

Worcester, Massachusetts

8-AUG 1957

My dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter of 30 July 1957 telling of an unusual experience you had three years ago and suggesting that this experience might be the basis for testing telephone equipment from the bottom of the sea.

The Navy is always interested to hear new ideas for improving its equipment and is especially pleased to hear from individual citizens who wish to bring these matters to the Navy's attention. The Navy is fortunate in having developed many specialized techniques for testing equipment under unique craft and for observing and learning the sea. I believe that our knowledge of these matters has advanced so far that we will not be able to make use of your idea which you have so kindly submitted to us.

It is my understanding that the Department of the Air Force is coordinating all reports on unidentified flying objects and for this reason, I am taking the liberty of forwarding your letter to that Department for evaluation and further reply to you.

Sincerely yours,

I. Miller
Deputy for Legislation & Liaison
By [illegible signature]


- page 5 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY
BUREAU OF SHIPS
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

From: Chief, Bureau of Ships
To: Office of Information Services, 
Department of the Air Force

Subj: Report of unidentified flying object

Encl: (1) Letter from Mrs. [redacted] dtd 30 July 1957
       (2) Copy of letter of even date to Mrs. [redacted] from BuShips

1. Enclosure (1) is forwarded for further reply concerning Mrs. [redacted] report of an unidentified object observed three years ago when she lived in Northampton, Massachusetts.

2. Mrs. [redacted] has been informed of this referral by enclosure (2).

I. MILLER
By Direction


- page 6 -

