PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
17 December 1954

2. LOCATION
Frenchman's Bayou, Arkansas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 18/0540Z
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☒ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
---

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
---

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Source sighted logs on his farm smoldering. Upon examination, source though meteoritic 7th and smoldering of logs caused by meteorite.

11. COMMENTS
F/B 4602d unit at Craddock AFB, conducted thorough field investigation of sight on 17 Dec 54. Smoldering caused by spontaneous combustion in old logs packed tightly and serving as a dike on farm of source.

Case closed.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☒ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other: Spontaneous Combustion
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

17 Dec 1954
1530 Hrs
ATIC-5

A Mr. [redacted] Frenchman's Bayou, Arkansas, phoned Jollner, Asst at Geig Fire, 25 miles from Memphis, Penn and reported to Col. Norman Forer, Memphis Depot, that a meteorite had come down on his FM farm, entered the ground at was still smoking.

Col. Rogers called Col. O'Hern who in turn called me.

I placed a call to FG 46029nd to have the nearest unit investigate. Also requested they let us know a short preliminary report as soon as possible. Further requested that if it could be identified as a meteorite not to six send it; however, to send it if it is some material which they could not identify.

Inform Col. O'Hern when you get any anything definite. Harlin

1020 Hrs, 20 Dec 54

S gt. Drepperd received a call from Capt. Bellowvant, Plt Commander, 4602d Det at Grandview AFB, Missouri. Capt. Bellowvant reported that he and members of his detachment flew down to Mr. [redacted] farm on Friday Night, 17 Dec 54.

Mr. [redacted] has a 1600 acre farm on which he grows rice and cotton. The rice field is separated from the cotton field by a man made like consisting of many logs. Upon close inspection of the logs, it was evident that tremendous combustion had taken place and some of the logs were smoldering. From the appearance of the logs, it looked like they had been on fire for quite a while and by the time it was noticed by the owner, it looked like a burnt patch of some object.

A teletype report will be forwarded to ATIC by Capt. Bellowvant which will contain complete details.

Drepperd


- page 2 -

The text on this page is largely illegible. I can make out some handwritten notes in the top right corner that appear to read:
2. letter
3. stage
4. file

At the bottom of the page, there is "NR" or "NH" printed.

The rest of the text on the page is too blurry or faint to accurately transcribe.


- page 3 -

