PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 September 1954
21/231, 52

2. LOCATION
Santa Maria Airport, Azores

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 - 3 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
[Blank]

8. PHOTOS
[X] No
[ ] Yes

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No
[ ] Yes

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED (Second Hand Report)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Civilian guard at airport rpts cigar shaped obj landed, light metallic blue, 10' in length, 5' in height. Humming noise. No landing gear. Four poles, Orange light in nose of obj. NONE. A blond-haired man, 5'10" in height got out of obj and approached observer. Attempts to conversed failed.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

[Most of the text in the middle of the document is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy blurring]

Attached herewith is an unidentified flying object report by...

[Partial text visible, but mostly obscured]

At the bottom of the document, there is a signature section and an approval section, but the details are largely illegible.

The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom, and appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report related to a sighting at Santa Maria Airport.

The bottom of the document contains a disclaimer about the document containing information affecting the national defense of the United States.


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

[Most of the text on the page is partially illegible due to poor image quality. However, some text can be partially made out:]

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

[At the top right corner: "UNCLASSIFIED"]

[The document appears to be a form with multiple sections and rows, but most text is blurred or obscured]

Some partially readable sections include:
- "Approached and landed approximately..."
- "Wind velocity and direction" section with various altitude/speed measurements

[At the bottom of the document, there is a standard disclaimer text about national defense and transmission of information, but it is too blurry to transcribe completely]

The document appears to be a military or intelligence report, likely related to an aviation incident or observation, but the details are not clearly discernible due to the poor scan quality.


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Intelligence Section    REPORT NO.    EK 226-54
Msg, Ltr, Wire

[Most of the text is partially obscured or blurry, but I can make out portions of the narrative describing an object sighted, with phrases like "blond-haired", "5'10" in height", and references to an interaction with roads and a port. However, due to the poor image quality, I cannot confidently transcribe the full text.]

The document appears to be a Project Blue Book Air Intelligence Information Report about a UFO sighting, dated 1954, located at Santa Maria Airport in the Azores.

The bottom of the document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" and contains some additional text, but the image quality makes it difficult to read completely.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

[Some header information is partially illegible]

Report No: TR-216-54

[Main body text begins, though parts are quite faded/blurry]

Since the sighting of the flying object, the Portuguese officer did not have any personally interrogate the principle. However, it is his opinion that he completed the investigation in the case. He knows the principal and does not believe this is another incident of someone thinking they saw something. The guard of the air base saw the object as reported, or he was making and concealed the entire story. The source of the information seems to be the officer supported by the facts so far presented.

[Several paragraphs are significantly blurred and mostly illegible]

The officer also observed by Portuguese Navy, was confirmed that it was a flying saucer (or clearly the term object). Still remained above the water?

[Bottom portion of document continues to be partially illegible, with fragments of text visible about a return trip and heights]

Note: Large portions of this document are difficult to read due to image quality and scanning/copying artifacts.


- page 5 -

