PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 Dec 55

2. LOCATION
Decatur, Nebraska

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 21/0430Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
CK.No

6. SOURCE
military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
S then S 90 deg
turn to E

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
1 winged shaped obj with red, blue or green and white lights size of pea at arms length disappeared with great speed.

11. COMMENTS
A/C

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other... Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [redacted]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE [redacted]
DATE 12-7-55

[Handwritten text, partially legible]:

"I was out all night then one in but due different
ago of object I explained above partly fully here
in the story I was flying near town. First saw
between Oakland & Syme on U.S. 77. I was going
south finding him when out on west wing of my plane
this object at was large & what when speeding rapidly
speed at 45-50 M.P.H. in south direction. When we
point to top of hill just seemed to move time close
a certain point me west, must to enable get my position. Come out and about object but when we got to where
I then was it was gone, we sat about 10-15 minutes
watching it was not in view. Then was starting this and
left to move home. Then was time was about 8:30
until time was 9:30 then it would be up out of, just
who visible. Then I was gone about 2

Will move fog up. Then at move during course
slight put off me, I have not end when actually
the first move then move it was not clearly"


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

only about 12:30 when out of 1 site west
through the clouds came a slanted & finder
Red & white and seemed to be about no 2 could
not see anything just those blending lights they
seemed to 9 turned around hush to catching
I hope I never see anything like that again
it was really scary. Lights came in a sort of
Circular motion and were dwelt only just
for a few minutes sat 2 or 3.

at bus keep along there since I saw
them so I on it he was out of state but I will
never forget those lights & that was
object. I am sure out there they were
something. I was to sure and those
people still see them near, while

1. R.F.D.#1 Decatur, 
2.        R.F.D.#1 Oakland, Nebraska
3.        R.F.D.#1 Decatur, Nebr.
4.        Oakland, Nebraska
5.        R.F.D. Oakland, Nebraska

all say this was blinking & just
Red, white, blue, green.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 10

Highway 77
N
E

about o Red again while 17/what
very very just + large

different maybe

raised up there
stopped blinking
within at out up high?

Red Blinking Red

Not sure we
can't

sure out of all etc. that but then there
this can out of shape


- page 4 -

I hope this helps you as your
may know it has been so long since
seen it can just be sure at the
but I am positive at object and current
lights on round object are out that turn
way object.

3278 B.M.T.S. Plt.82
Parks Mig. Force Buss Gulch


- page 5 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?    30    Dec    1955

2. Time of day: 10:20    (Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern    a. Daylight Saving
            b. Central    b. Standard
            c. Mountain
            d. Pacific
            e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Decatur    Nebraska
Nearest/Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

Additional remarks: 27 mile path    from army plant 1 mile

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:    3    Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
    a. Certain    c. Not very sure
    b. (Fairly certain)    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
            b. Dull daylight    (e. No trace of daylight)
            c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
            b. In back of you    e. Overhead
            c. To your right    f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)

IAGO #1


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF It was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other:

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what I moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what I moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other:


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: There was no sound
b. Color: It seemed not at all light color 2 wings very silky

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with notes indicating direction, wings, and movement]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined [circled]
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? [blank]
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
3-0 feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length:
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Peas
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Just went away

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

1. Airplane metal very strong magnesium.
2. it would be about 50 ft or over most 55 ft
3. it might have the shape of just a plane wing
   tube here (drawing)
4. would say it would look something
   like aircraft wing spread at a certain angle
   a dim after glow from it to give it a connection


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was coming from my Farmer's house going home, was driving, then altitude, about lights, etc.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 45 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
23 Dec. 1955 (met award date)

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
R.F.D.
Decatur, Nebr.

Floyd Hosier
Duane Johnson
Katie Patrick

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
4 seen this time object that was kind of star only large and lower like I was seeing this flying object one I saw object
changed colors Red, green, white Blue last night

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Flying object, I think, possibly
Star or light, I think, could possibly
be a star in different air current could
have made it appear to move but not so possible


- page 12 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 50 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS PARKS AFR BASE CALIFORNIA
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? Basic Training
Age 19, Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school 4 years
b. High school 4 years
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
(Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 19 Nov 16 1956
Day Month Year


- page 13 -

