PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
6 April 1955

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1025
GMT 06/1525Z

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2-3 minutes

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Similar to flattened out. Balloon. Observers saw a/c at same time.

2. LOCATION
Dayton, Ohio

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
■ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
Civilian & Military

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
maneuvered

11. COMMENTS
Duration & flight suggestive of a/c observation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
■ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repost information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 4/13/55

[Handwritten text, partially obscured]:

As I was flying into the turn my attention was brought to a low flying aircraft to with of me. Just as the plane moved & noticed the eg round disc type object out of first I thought some thing fell off the plane, then as I looked closer I could see it. I immediately asked [redacted] if he could see any thing. We pointed out what a could see of the could. We watched it fly sort and in a straight line with about 60° up it turned in this direction for about 20 or 30 seconds more or less that long. Then it made a 90° turn about 5 to 10 seconds. It started to climb out of sight in about 8 seconds.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

(U) Unidentified Flying Object

ATIC

25 Apr 55
MCIC25/Case CA-Darling/ma
CG24.5/653A/9 A-27

Per telephone conversation this date between Mr. [redacted] MCIC25-1 and
Capt. F.M. Martin, ATIC145, it is requested that the enclosed U.S. Air Force
Technical Information Sheet be completed and returned to this Center as soon as
possible.

T. J. CONWAY, JR.
Major, USAF, Adjutant
Air Technical Intelligence Center

The document appears to be a routing and coordination sheet related to an unidentified flying object, dated 25 April 1955. The bottom of the page contains a form with various routing and file management sections, mostly blank.


- page 3 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6   4   1955
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 12:25 PM
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
WADC                 Dayton                 Ohio
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town        State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
                    2-3   Seconds
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
              b. Dull daylight
              c. Bright twilight

    d. Just a trace of daylight
    e. No trace of daylight
    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
              b. In back of you
              c. To your right

    d. To your left
    e. Overhead
    f. Don't remember


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. DID the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
If moved behind: ____________ IF YOU ANSWERED YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
If moved in front of: ____________ IF YOU ANSWERED YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other: Naked Eye


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
100
feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

(Circle One): a. Head of a pin   g. Silver dollar
               b. Pea            h. Baseball
               c. Dime           i. Basketball
               d. Nickel         j. Grapefruit
               e. Quarter        k. Other
               f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:
      a. Certain           c. Not very sure
      b. Fairly certain    d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Gained Altitude

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Material - Stainless Steel or Aluminum
Type - Shape - Side view top view
Size - 100 F.T. DIAM - 20 F.T. DEEP AT THICKEST POINT
The common object of comparison would be Balloon & definitely out: a very large Balloon


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Just as I was getting into a truck as I was flying aircraft altitude wing. Attention first of the sun I was able looking up this object appeared in the sky.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         f. Southwest         h. Northwest
c. East
d. Southeast

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         f. Southwest         h. Northwest
c. East
d. Southeast

30. What direction were you looking when last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         f. Southwest         h. Northwest
c. East
d. Southeast

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North    60.0 degrees.
b. From horizon       60   degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North    100 Nz degrees.
b. From horizon       50   degrees.


- page 7 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
6     4     1955
Day   Month   Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and address (partially redacted)
(Redacted text)
Skygony Park, Dayton, Ohio

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
(Blank lines)

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
A common term tennis tennis cars or saucer. It looked like a disc only think harder. Also am unsure, also no report while at the high altitude.


- page 9 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 130 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No)

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]

ADDRESS Springfield, Ohio

TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]

What is your present job? ROCKET TEST OPERATOR

Age 39 Sex MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school ✓
b. High school ✓
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school TECH MECH
(Type) MECH-DRAWING
f. Other special training PRECISION
MEASUREMENT INSPECTION

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13 4 1955
Day Month Year

Page 8


- page 10 -

