PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
26 June 1955

2. LOCATION
Ft Worth, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 515AM
GMT: 25/1155Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
At Zenith

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object appear to move erractically changing shape, hovering. Breaking up etc. Observed through telescope. Object brighter than stars, silver colored. Round with satellite like object. Circling main body. Exploded after 8 min observation, initial impression that object was balloon.

11. COMMENTS
Balloon which exploded fits description. Satellite like object being the payload. Color, motion and flight conform with this analysis.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
[X] Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [redacted]                                                                (Do Not Write in This Space)
SIGNATURE [redacted]                                                           CODE:
DATE   Oct. 9, 1956

The incident occurred on the morning of June 26, 1955, and I, both civilian astronomer, had been up all night recently observing. We had been paying special attention to M-13, a star cluster in Hercules. Our telescope was a 3½" reflector with a 60X eyepiece.

About 5:00 A.M., as dawn began to break and the stars faded, we were taking down the telescope. Then at 5:15, I noted a brilliant point of light above the eastern horizon, and I knew it was something unusual, and we noted the exact time, as astronomers usually do.

In a moment, we became aware that the light was moving most slowly. At then had an apparent angular velocity of 5° per minute.

We focused the telescope on the light, and were greatly surprised to see a whitish-silvery object. We seemed to have an elliptical shape at this time. There was a bright point of light on one edge, which may have been light reflected from the sun, which was still below the horizon for us. Crossing the object was a lateral band.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

of a shadowy color. We then realized that this must be
what is called a "flying saucer", or we were in the home
and under the phenomena which came out and observed the
phenomenon with us.

As the object reached the zenith, it slowed to a stop, and
seemed a little more brilliant. Then it just hung there for
a few moments. Mr. [redacted] was at the telescope, and I
distinctly remember him saying "Good God". I grabbed the
telescope, and all I saw was tiny fragments falling -
they were not visible to the unaided eye and there was no
sound. The thing had flown up while hovering.

We called [redacted], local astronomer, but he
could not explain the event. We also called the newspaper,
but they had received no reports. Being an inquisitive minded
person, this launched a study which has been fruitless after
over a year.

I have checked with the local weather bureau, Aeronautics
Air Dir. of Ground Paths, Carswell Air Force Base,
Skyway Observ., and several astronomers and meteorologists.
This sighting has only proved that the object was not a
weather balloon, aircraft, meteorological or astronomical
phenomenon. Therefore, there seems to be no plausible
explanation.

It is worthy of mention that I am [redacted] of
the Ft. Worth Astronomy Club, member of Texas Astronomical
Association, and student of physics, meteorology, and
geology. I am familiar with the optical properties of the
terrestrial atmosphere and do not believe it was fooled by
a mirage or hallucination.

Consequently, this object remains unidentifiable in
my astronomy files.

END


- page 3 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26   June   1955
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:   5   15
            Hour   Minutes   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
            b. Central             b. Standard
            c. Mountain
            d. Pacific
            e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Ft. Worth   Texas
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

Additional remarks: Another astronomer and I were front yard, about to pick up our telescope.

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.   Hours   8   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain   c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight   e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you   e. Overhead
             c. To your right   f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 4 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One)
a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank line]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [blank line]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Yes   No

Page 2 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: no sound at any time.
    b. Color: Usually white, sometime with a silver sheen.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Two hand-drawn sketches of circular/oval objects with annotations]

(Object was about - 4 magnitude as naked eye)

18. The edges of the object:
    (Circle One)
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Two

Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Hand-drawn sketch of a circular object with an arrow]

The small biloba object was circling the main body in revolution of 4 seconds. It appeared red & blue, but this may have been due to chromatic aberration in the telescope.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[A hand-drawn path is shown with an "A" and "B" marking the start and end points]

Horizon

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
[Handwritten response is partially illegible]

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other: [blank]

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? There was a noiseless explosion over the zenith - fragments were visible for a few seconds, then nothing.

24. In order that you can give us a clearer picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Since the object was a very dilate spherical or fine and became circular as it got overhead, I would say it was a large disc covered with some pattern and top. I would see aluminum or canvas or some fabric.

A weather balloon might have presented this appearance, but a check with local weather facilities and airports, as well as General Mills, has convinced me the object was not a balloon.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I had been making astronomical observations till it began to get light & I was putting the eye equipment. I then noticed a bright star in the west, which should not have been there.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) Near the zenith
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 90 degrees.
b. From horizon 51 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 92 degrees.
b. From horizon 90 degrees.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
29       Blue        1956
Day       Month       Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes       No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes       No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text]
F.W. Worth, Tex.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes       No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
I have seen a slightly similar object since then, but its movements were quite different and
I had no telescope out at the time.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I have absolutely no idea what the thing was, after over a year of private inquiry and research on similar phenomena, I should like to state that I am quite familiar with the sky and its tricks, and I can find no reasonable explanation for this phenomenon.


- page 10 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No (Close to half an approximate angular velocity of 5-8 per minute)

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes     No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Fort Worth 10 Texas
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

What is your present job? Finishing school this year
Age 17     Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
(a) Grade school
(b) High school
(c) College
(d) Post graduate

(e) Technical school
(f) Other special training [partially redacted] Fort Worth

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9     October     1956
    Day     Month     Year


- page 11 -

