PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
21 DECEMBER 1955

2. LOCATION
CARIBOU, MAINE

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2300 (N) -21/0400
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Civ

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6-8 min.

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
Unk

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
[X] Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
[X] Unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Round obj. color as of gold, about the size of a jet fighter, had the brightness of the sun, only was not hard on the eye.

11. COMMENTS
[blank]

(Bottom of form notes: ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: Feb. 20, 1956

To Answer No. 10 - The brightness was similar to the sun only it was brighter on my left. It was brighter than anything I show of. Inside of the circle it was around my 3 that was outside of that circle it was pitch black. And between the flat bottom part and the half moon top, there was something alive. I just can't explain it on paper, but there was life there. I'm certain. Nothing human, but alive. I couldn't see any form or outline but it was like a person writing in space. Spent of a light. Like hurried movement. Not one but many things. I say not human because what was it was male me sick to my stomach over once. Not the ship but what was happening between the source and the top. It gave me right in the pit of my stomach and most of I was where I saw it or pictured in my mind (the hurried movement) I get so nauseated. I know it will sound crazy to you, but it's the truth. And what was it and so we sure they have seen me when I moved out & felt as though they now just what I was thinking. I felt as we got up they had to tell page or something pointing at me. I truly, to you it shows I could make you understand.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 18

Went to bed. I still felt as though I was going to get up any moment. I was the Steele saw it was clear. I got up came down and looked again, but it was pitch dark, no star in moon. (Then) Christmas
the C. to night the Christmas the morn. So about 9 m. I did it now
no such an hour earlier. I saw the object. Some slight up from our
base up to. (then) the 20th Freddie said, "if you know I missed I had
of this a good look at that thing, it wouldn't possibly have been
the moon!" I can see why to tell you it was. Briefly up and down of
something. Try and get in the ship. (Note the first thing anyone
would think of first). So he drew very well make out his paper
not then anything about it report of it. & it was then. (Note only
I know I think changed it all became he said it there. I said,
trying up right up. You can think so many things in a row. But I know
the light a long time before the sky appeared but when it disappeared
the light didn't stay. But it was long. (Note, why I wonder if others I
thought it stopped. In right here I could up. (Note it went just to
stand now. Well this is the order of yes. (Note morning saw I looked
at our lake girl below where it was. Still say if now I saw one
from then the lake. Will it was just like a small stream of
water over the snow. This is the spring when the lake going
up above, the water will melt down little stream down toward
the snow. It was like that. So it may have been that but I
never saw anything leave it to land or anything like that. And
and sure of this together. (Note finally on this, the was very to be
zero. (Note most of this note I connection this complete. (Note
it all seems to Cincy & know but here it is anyway. (Please
excuse all these (Notation in writing). We open. (Note this a place
cannot make out a portion of it). I do & I hope more clearly
if I get the courage to go out there.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

It happened like this:

I just turned out my kitchen light to go to bed. I saw this red glare. I thought it was a fire on Washburn Road. So I thought I would wait and if I could see the flames I'd know what it was. Then it got brighter and brighter, so bright at night it seemed to get any brighter, and then it just came right out of the sky. I either came from behind a cloud or the light was so bright it almost blinded miles ahead of the sky. All right and so bright it would show through the darkest cloud anyway. I'll just stand there stunned, I couldn't believe my eyes. I thought they were playing tricks on me. I could see the light but not the source. Almost to faint few steps to be it.

I thought it was a space ship. My mind went blank. (The whole scene was kind of from it.) I was sure it was going to disappear before the source was (but when the way it was placed down the button) just stopped going. Came with it like it seemed up as if it was I tried after to long a space. I didn't know how to was not much able. He had to write up quickly like that. He took one look at it and said, it was like metal. Then I took my eyes from it to look at him (this time) I said, pick like the "Cee you doing?"

"Where did you see something like that?" He told went back to bed. I watched it disappear just quietly like it came. I had that feeling I told you. I just knew something was now which I was thinking. I'm little as if they knew until I was glad that I found out. I mean I was out of the house. And it made me so nauseate. After I felt that they knew me, I was thinking, should I tell the world or the sky I just seemed to get it home. This (unclear word) might with (unclear word). Just like it was connected to sight to it from way.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

West

Hill

Treed

Caribou Lake

South

BLINK HERE
OBJECT

Fields

Barn

Garage

Window
House

Old Washburn Rd.

It was low because it came about to the middle of our barn roof.

Back.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFTER 5 DAYS RETURN TO
[Redacted]
CARIBOU, MAINE

His Technical Intelligence (Center)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Department of the Air Force,
Ohio.

The document also contains two Liberty Bell postage stamps and a postmark, but as instructed, I will not describe those details.


- page 6 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
21/14 December 1955
Day    Month     Year

2. Time of day: 11 Approx
           Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other (Centreville local)

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Caribou, Maine
Nearest Postal Address   Madawaska   Maine
Additional remarks: At Home in my kitchen, address (Caribou) but we live in the town of Madawaska.

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
                                    0 hrs 8 Minutes Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
                        d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight     e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)

INCL #1


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

pitch dark

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other NO- Seemed Owned

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Rotate   Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in moved behind: Not visible other than it went out of sight. I could see the light long after it was gone.

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
moved in front of: Will not definitely say. Slight pause against clouds. Seemed to move only slightly.

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes   No
b. Sun glasses Yes   No
c. Windshield Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

e. Binoculars Yes   No
f. Telescope Yes   No
g. Theodolite Yes   No
h. Other: [blank]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: I never heard any sound.
b. Color: No color I have ever seen. (Solid is close)

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten notes on the sketch include: "Pitch Do it", "Top was still", "Better move going around"]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: Hazy - crisp
           smooth

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? [No answer provided]
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling. [No drawing provided]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A-Came
Disappeared on A.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
______ feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other: Half Moon

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Disappeared with cloud some place that it went

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? Have large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

I don't believe we have any material such as this object would be made. Plain field would be as near as I could say. — The shape, a cup turned upside down or a saucer. Only the saucer was more the shape of an egg or football. I would guess that the saucer was about the size of our plate (my site).


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was turning the lights out to go to bed. The sky was on red-orange & I thought it was over fire at first, but I waited in the dark and watched it.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 11 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow or sleet - not snowing
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
27 December 1955

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Explained in letter.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
a space ship. I'm certain it wasn't anything we have on Earth. But it was an air ship. I'm kind of that. It was beautiful, just beautiful. There is really no word I can describe it in exactly.


- page 13 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? VERY FAST m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? CLOSE feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Rt. 1 Caribou City Zone 5 Maine
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? Housewife
Age 27 Sex F
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school 1 yr. e. Technical school
b. High school 1 yr. (Type)
c. College f. Other special training
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20th Feb. 1956
Day Month Year


- page 14 -

