Here is the text from the UFO Index Card:

1. DATE
15 February 1955

2. LOCATION
New York, N. Y.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian photographer

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1/4 (Object never observed) later discovered on film)

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2

9. COURSE
Stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Five white spots with darker crosses across their centers showed up on photographic negatives during the process of development. There was no previous sighting of either of these "objects".

11. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other: Probably optical
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

COMMENTS
Concur in the conclusion that "spots" in the picture were probably produced by optical phenomena.

Note: Hq, 4602d AISS would be interested in your reaction to this.
R3

AISOP Form 5 (15 Oct 54)


- page 1 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

[Most of the text is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. There are two black redaction marks covering portions of the text. The bottom of the document appears to have some signatures or handwritten text, but these are also largely illegible.]


- page 2 -

The document appears to be an "Air Intelligence Information Report" with multiple sections redacted (blacked out). Most of the text is too faint or low contrast to be reliably OCR'd. The header "Air Intelligence Information Report" is visible at the top of the page, but the rest of the text is largely illegible due to the poor image quality and contrast.


- page 3 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

[Most of the text on the page is too faint or blurry to be reliably OCR'd. Some text is visible but not clearly legible. There are some blacked out/redacted sections on the document.]

The document appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report form, with some standard header information at the top, but the specific details are not clearly readable.


- page 4 -

Much of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy redaction. There are multiple black redaction lines covering portions of the text. Some faint text is visible, but it is not clear enough to confidently transcribe. The document appears to be an official document with holes punched at the top of the page, typical of government or military files from the 1950s.


- page 5 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely faint and illegible. While there is a document visible, the text and details are so washed out that I cannot confidently transcribe any text from this page. The image looks like a scanned document with very low contrast, making the content unreadable.


- page 6 -

