PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
29 Aug 55

2. LOCATION
Mulberry Corners, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
30/0530Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XD Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

6. SOURCE
civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1/2

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one w/men

9. COURSE
landing

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Inkebrand Case. See Case File.
Saucer landed, men got out and talked to the witness.

11. COMMENTS
Evaluated as an eccentric by the investigator. Attributed to psychological causes.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

The text on this page is handwritten and partially illegible due to the image quality. Some words and phrases can be made out, but not the entire document. There are several sections of text with some blacked-out areas. The writing appears to be in cursive script typical of mid-20th century handwriting. Two black dots are visible at the top of the page. The document seems to be a report or letter, but without clearer resolution, I cannot confidently transcribe the full text.


- page 2 -

The text on this page is partially legible. Some words and phrases can be made out, but much of the text is difficult to read clearly. The document appears to be a handwritten document with several lines of text, with some portions blacked out or redacted. The top of the page has two black dots/holes, suggesting it was hole-punched. The handwriting appears to be cursive and somewhat faded. However, due to the image quality and handwriting style, I cannot confidently transcribe the full text with certainty.


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Captain Martin
Air Technical Intelligence Ctr.
Wright Ptrson Air. Tst. Ohio
Dayton, Ohio

There is also a postmark stamp in the upper right corner, though I cannot fully make out all the details. Some text appears to be redacted with black lines on the left side of the document.


- page 4 -

CASE

SEE - UFO RESEARCH COUNCIL - FILE FOR FULL PARTICULARS REGARDING
(22 OCT 1957) CASE FILES -
INVESTIGATION, SIGHTING, AND CONCLUSIONS....


- page 5 -

Case File Number Three

On September 20, 1955 I received a letter from one Mrs. [redacted] of Cleveland which started that she had visited with a young man who had had an amazing experience. She went on to say that this fellow told only his mother, his priest and her about the events but that he wanted to talk with someone who knows about such things. Soon after, I accompanied two other UFORG investigators to Mrs. [redacted] home where the interview was to take place with the witnesses. Okay we recorded the complete interview with a dictaphone.

The witness's name is [redacted], a pleasant 21 year old fellow who, at first impression, appeared most sincere. Following is a reproduction of the affidavit account:

"My name is [redacted], I reside at [redacted], Apartment 4B, Cleveland 8, Ohio.

On Tuesday morning, August 29, 1955 between 1:30 a.m. and 2:00 a.m. I was operating my automobile in a Westerly direction on Chardon Road, Route 6.

About two miles west of the intersection of Route 6 and 306 I saw what looked like a shooting star enter my right windshield. I parked my car on the right side of Route 6 and looked to the Northeast into the field where the object seemed to hit.

I thought this object might have been a meteorite and therefore walked through the field for a closer examination. When I was about 450 feet into the field and near the object I saw that the object was some kind of aircraft. It was about thirty feet in diameter and had a dome on top.

I began to get scared, turned, and ran back towards the road. I had run about fifty feet when a green light bolted out in front of me. I turned around facing the aircraft and was then unable to move my body, yet, I could speak as the green light shone on me.

A door slid open in this aircraft, some kind of platform came out, and a man, with something resembling a ski suit on, emerged from the object. This man told me not to be afraid, that "they" had landed that "they" were from another planet and that if there were any governmental authority in Washington that "they" were from another planet and that if there were any more wars here "they" would have to take over. He told me that I could tell a relative of the meeting. I told him that I didn't think that a kid like myself would be believed if I approached an official and relayed the


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

message. He told me I had a week to make an effort to
do this and that I'd be watched and that no harm would
come to me.

He returned to the aircraft. I watched the door close;
then I turned and walked back to the car. I did not
see the aircraft take off.

I returned to this place on Thursday morning about
the same time. This time the man told me that I had
not begun to make an effort toward going to Washington.
I said I had told my mother. He said I should go to
Washington and relay the message.

I returned here again late Saturday night with a buddy;
we waited around for a while but nothing happened.

Of course we realize that this case might be considered on
the fantastic side but we of the UFORG do not consider it to be
in the crackpot category. A short while after the initial
interview we drove us to the landing site at the
intersection of Routes 6 and 306. He showed us his path into the
desolate field and where the object alighted. We made diagrams,
etc., of all of this. In late October, UFORG members went to the
site again with equipment but without Dave. Here is the contents
of this field report:

"1. No radioactivity found anywhere a check with a
geiger-counter revealed except for background
count. (Of course, this was some time after the
actual occurrence.)

2. The largest compass deviation was 10 degrees
at a gully on western border of field.

3. No ground marks.

4. Photographs were taken of the area and stakes were
driven into the ground as markers."

We kept in constant touch with [redacted] and he appeared very
cooperative and sincere. He was obsessed with the notion that
he must get the message given him to Washington. On October 21,
1955 we asked David more questions via telephone. Here is the
text of that interview:

"1. Q-Please describe the green light you told me you
saw over the trees in the sky when you got out
of your car? (This was an attempt to tip Dave's
hand if he was lying-for he told us before that
he saw the light while the object was on the
ground.)

A-I did not see the green light in the sky. The
green light came from the ship when it was on the


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

2. Q-What color came from the object when it was in the sky?
A-Yellow glow.

3. Q-What made you take your eyes off of the road to stop your car?
A-I thought I saw a shooting star.

4. Q-What made you walk back into the field in the dark?
A-I was curious, I guess.

5. Would you say your mind was clear at this time? Thinking back over the events, would you say now that this was a real experience, that your mind was clear?
A-Yes.

6. Describe what happened in the field, the light etc.
A-I walked near the ship, stopped, turned and ran away. As I had just started to run, I saw a green light come on. I turned and a door slid open. A man came out.

7. Q-Describe the man. Over 6 feet tall?
A-Yes.

8. Q-Was he eight feet tall?
A-No under that.

9. Was he thin or fat?
A-Not fat, like an average man.

10. Q-You told us you could not move. Were you frozen?
A-No, I could not move. I don't know if this was from the ship or from my fear.

11. Could you see the man's face?
A-No.

12. You said before he was wearing a helmet and suit?
A-Correct.

13. Was his voice high in pitch?
A-It seemed rather high, yes.

14. Did he speak clear english?
A-Yes.

15. How did he get back into the ship?
A-I saw him turn and bend his head, I do not remember that he stepped into the craft.

16. Was the craft metallic?
A-Yes.


- page 8 -

2. Q-What color came from the object when it was in the sky?
A-Yellow glow.

3. Q-What made you take your eyes off of the road to stop your car?
A-I thought I saw a shooting star.

4. Q-What made you walk back into the field in the d

5. Would you say your mind was clear at this time? Thinking back over the events, would you say now Clear?
A-Yes.

6. Describe what happened in the field, the light et
A-I walked near the ship, stopped, turned and ran away. As I had just started to run, I saw a green light come on. I turned and a door slid open. A man came out.

7. Q-Describe the man. Over 6 feet tall?
A-Yes.

8. Q-Was he eight feet tall?
A-No under that.

9. Was he thin or fat?
A-Not fat, like an average man.

10. Q-You told us you could not move. Were you frozen from the ship or from my fear.
A-No, I could not move. I don't know if this was

11. Could you see the man's face?
A-No.

12. You said before he was wearing a helmet and suit
A-Correct.

13. Was his voice high in pitch?
A-It seemed rather high, yes/

14. Did he speak clear english?
A-Yes.

15. How did he get back into the ship?
A-I saw him turn and bend his head, I do not remember that he stepped into the craft.

16. Was the craft metallic?
A-Yes.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

17. Where was the green light?
A-Around the rim of the ship.

18. You think some kind of exhaust was seen by you coming from below the ship?
A-Yes.

19. Using common sense, do you think this was a dream delusion, or psychological thing?
A-No.

20. If you were in court, on a witness stand, under questioning, do you think you would stick to your story?
A-Yes.

21. Would you be willing to tell this to a psychiatrist if so, do you think you could tell him this as you have told us?
A-Yes.

22. Did you have dinner that night?
A-Yes.

23. Any chance you had some drinks, or were you possibly dizzy or sick from anything?
A-No.

24. Can you say your mind and thinking were clear as they are now or any other time?
A-Yes.

On October 24th of 1955, a Mr. Desmond Leslie, english writer and investigator of "flying saucers" was to be in Cleveland for a lecture. Somehow the fact that a Clevelander [redacted] had an unusual experience got back to Mr. Leslie and I was asked to appear on the program. He informed me of this and I recommended that he not appear for all it would accomplish, I said, was a lot of publicity. I left [redacted] after assured he would not attempt.

I attended the latter part of the Desmond Leslie lecture sure enough he made an announcement about "a Clevelander who had an amazing experience recently". Leslie then asked [redacted] to come onto the stage and tell his story. [redacted] did not appear of course because he wasn't there-proving to us that he was sincere in his intentions. This was a typical demonstration of [redacted] willingness to cooperate with us.

During the middle part of November we invited [redacted] to one of our counsel meetings. At this meeting we discussed the previously taped interviews and then each member cross examined [redacted]. The he was asked to leave and we debated for about forty minutes. Our conclusion was that [redacted] was factual in the telling of his amazing experience and that we should try to [remainder of text cut off]


- page 10 -

this, however, we agreed to probe for pieces of
evidence that would serve as supporting material
to _______ experience. This probe was
concentrated in the area of the landing site and
it was during this investigation the Case Files
Number One and Two came to light. To this day, the
two prominents of these files, Mr. _______ and
_______, do not know each other even
casually.

It is conclusive to note that both incidents(case
two and three) happened within a short distance of
each other. _______ claims that the "man" told him;
"...that they had landed there to be discovered but
didn't expect anyone to find them so soon." The
Shenemen incident proves that "they", whoever they
are, had been around before.

_______ still feels that it is his obliga-
to go to Washington as directed. We wrote the Pres-
ident of the United States and we were referred to
you at Wright Field. We intend to take this matter
Washington in the near future.


- page 11 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

PROJECT NUMBER 10073                                DATE 12 July 1956

TRAVEL ORDER NUMBER 01140                           DIVISION Air Sciences

SUBJ: (U) Travel to Cleveland, Ohio Area Re UFO Case Investigations

A. PURPOSE:
   1. The purpose of this travel was to investigate certain UFO cases brought to the attention of ATIC by the UFO Research Council of Cleveland.

B. FACTUAL DATA:
   2. Travel commenced 27 June 1956 and terminated 29 June 1956.

   3. Travel was performed by M/Sgt Oliver D. Hill, Air Sciences Division, AFOIN-LEL, acting in the capacity of UFO Investigator.

   4. Names of persons contacted for purposes of interview, interrogation and/or information regarding the UFO sightings in question:
      a. Mrs. [redacted], [redacted], Cleveland, Ohio
      b. Mr. [redacted], Willoughby, Ohio
      c. Mrs. [redacted], Willoughby, Ohio
      d. Mr. [redacted], Cleveland, Ohio
      e. Mrs. [redacted], wife of UFORC member who has prepared the UFO case files)
      f. Mr. [redacted], (Director of UFORC)

   5. Travel for the purposes stated was approved after submission of all pertinent facts, background, and reasons for recommending this investigation. Reference attached Memorandum to Office of Scientific Advisor, dated 20 June 1956, subject: "Briefing on UFO Research Council and Courses of Action." A dossier containing details of the UFO cases in question together with colored illustrations of the UFO's and related surroundings as drawn by this organization, were handcarried by Sgt. Hill to assist him in this investigation.

   6. The following presents a brief summary of the UFO cases investigated, statement regarding results, opinions, impressions, and other pertinent highlights of the interviews and interrogations regarding each interview:
      a. Brief summary of cases (in order of investigation): [blank space]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 12 -

Reactions of Our Group to the Witness

An investigator for the Hooper Homes Bureau, Inc., investigated this witness's background. He informed us that teachers rated him as a good student and student that he demonstrated good character and had creative writing ability. At school he wrote radio scripts and was editor of the school paper. He was said to be imaginative and any other boy of his age. There was no criticism of his morals, character or veracity.

Our group reactions to this individual were, of course, not always in agreements. We conducted a series of individual interviews with him and brought him before our assembled group so that each member could question him. He demonstrated confirmation of his experience and a willingness to have his account investigated and he repeatedly agreed to stand questioning before a court of law.

Mrs. [redacted] explained to us that she was very upset the night [redacted] claims to have had the experience and continued to be upset for several days. We recorded his account, studied the results, conducted more interviews with him including a field trip to the landing site. It was the thought of our group that by spacing our interviews and pointing out discrepancies in his account, he would have an opportunity to back down or that he was lying. In fact, before our entire group he was asked him to please tell us the whether or not he wanted to take back any part of the story or all of it. He stated again that was telling the truth!

In reconstructing the incident we can say this about the area: the road is narrow and steep at the particular point where stopped his car. A driver would find it necessary to be wide awake and alert to avoid an accident. We submit that a re-stimuli of unusual nature would be absolutely necessary to make a reasonable person stop his auto at this point on the highway where a man walked through a very rough field some 450 feet. And such hike should have readied his mind to clarify what he saw. This individual was experiencing fear and apprehension when he recognized what the object was and he tried to run away, apparently frozen by a force ejected from the craft or by frig or both. But in any event, a concrete experience of fear overcame him. Some and other reasons, we feel that any answers including delusions or illusions are completely out of order!

It is reasonable to conjecture that this fear of his might have distorted his ability to observe all of the detail concern the craft, the man and the conversation. Outstanding in Dave's mind is the green light he encountered. Faulty in his memory is the detail of the occupants, what he saw not the craft take off and exactly what took place during the second encounter. But also prominent in his mind was the message he was told. In his convey, "the man made me understand that I was to take the message to high authorities in Washington..."—that 'he' was from another world. Dave said...


- page 13 -

We are not the final judge in this matter. We bring the facts to you as we know them. Your conclusions are your own. But we feel that there is too great a risk in sitting around and doing nothing. It is now our responsibility to deliver this account and it's message, in which we believe, to the high authorities of this nation. Can you help us do it?

-End of Case File Number Three-


- page 14 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

TOP MARGIN:
MICROPUNCH RECORD
TREE LINE

DRAWING:
33' ESTIMATED

BOTTOM LEFT:
TRACING MADE FROM
[REDACTED]
HE QUOTES "
A DOOR SLID OPEN AND SOME KIND
[rest of text is illegible]

BOTTOM RIGHT:
POSITION

"THERE WAS A GREEN
LIGHT FROM EDGE.
I SAW IT AGAIN LATER"

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a classic UFO/flying saucer shape with a dome on top, a central section, and a bottom section. The drawing appears to be a witness's rendering of a UFO sighting, with estimated dimensions and notes about observed details.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

WEST

A. Radius of Ship 16 3/4'

B. Distance from center of
craft to [blacked out] Where
[blacked out] stood @

C. Radii at Green Light

D. Direction of Moon from [blacked out]

SOUTH

Scale: 1" = 25'

EAST

Moon


- page 16 -

Moon set due West
Today Morning at 2 AM

West

Craft Sixteen

Landing and
Take-off path

Landed Position

First halted
420 FEET

Sun Line 4:08 AM

Chardon Road 3PH West at Route 306

SOUTH


- page 17 -

Text from the document:

[Image Caption]
GLOWING SAUCER WAS SPOTTED BY AVIATION
TECHNICIAN ON LATE DECEMBER EVENING IN 195-

[Body Text]
This drawing was one of many included in an article which appeared in the December 5, 1955 issue of Life Magazine. We asked him to pick out the ufo which came close to describing the one he saw. He chose this one and said it was almost identical to the one he saw land on August 29, 1955.


- page 18 -

SUPPLEMENTARY REPORT

WRITTEN 1 NOVEMBER 1955
ALLEN ROOS

REFERENCE
J. S. NEWBERRY, CHIEF GEOLOGIST
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF OHIO
CLEVE PUBLIC LIBRARY

This worker made a brief study of the geology of the area and
And near the place where [redacted] had his experience. The following is a brief:

[A hand-drawn map with township names: Willoughby Twp., Kirtland Twp., Chagrin Twp., Mayfield Twp., Chesterland Twp., Munson Twp.]

GRAVITATIONAL AND
OR MAGNETIC DISTORTIONS
CAUSED BY RED AREA
WATER WOULD BE GREATEST HERE
ON RECORDING MACHINE

AT KIRTLAND - DEEP GORGE -
PART OF AREA CONSIDERED A
"MOUNTAIN" DEEP GORGE EXPOSURE
NOTED

ERIE SHALE
WAVERLY GROUP → FINE GRAIN SANDSTONE

CARBONIFEROUS
CONGLOMERATE → 400 TO 500' ABOVE LAKE
COURSE SANDSTONE, QUARTZ
OF MASS

X IRON DEPOSITE

CHARACTER OF
QUARTZ

1) TRANSMISSION ULTRAVIOLET &
2) CAN BE MADE RED HOT, PLUS
IN COLD MATTER, NO EARTH

THIS BODY EXTENDS
TO CELL WARREN,
OMC

MAGNETIC SUSCEPTIBILITY OF EARTH MATERIALS - ALL TWPS
ALMOST 0

GRAVITATION SUSCEPTIBILITY OF EARTH MATERIALS - ALL TWPS
VALUES OF SUSCEPTIBILITY RUN FROM .0 TO .5 [rest of text cut off]


- page 19 -

This case contains 2 3½ x 3½" photos.


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

WEST NORTHWEST

LOOKIN ABOUT NORTHWEST
RE TAKEN STANDING ON ROUTE 6
KNOB OF HOUSES ALONG WEST
OF FILED CELL AT IN DRAWING

OPEN
FIELD
SOUTH ROUTE 6

GROUND KNOBS
HIGH GROUND
LOW GROUND

EAST SOUTHEAST

STANDING AT II ON ROUTE 6, PICTURE
OF HILL WHERE PARKED CAR
AND STARTED TO WALK IN ---- DIRECTION
FROM II

The document appears to be a page from a UFO report with three sections showing different views or perspectives, with handwritten notes describing the locations and directions.


- page 21 -

29 August 1955 Mulberry, Ohio CASE

Mulberry Corners
OHIO


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

(1)                Case

Sighting:   29 August 1955.
            Two miles west of intersection of Route 6 and 368.
            Between 1:30 to 2:00 a.m.

Object:     Typically "flying saucer" in shape. Thirty feet across.
            Dome on top. A bolt of green light struck the ground in
            front of                 as he started to run. Object landed,
            door slid open, and a man cut. He informed, in English, "they" were from another planet.

(2)                Case

Sighting:   Late July or early August (date indefinite) 1955.
            North of Mulberry Corners, Ohio (Int. Route 6 and 368).
            8:45 p.m.

Object:     Size described as larger than house, and as flat, circular
            in shape. Red light in front, green in rear. Hovered
            about fifty feet in the air for about five minutes. Two
            spotlights threw their beams on the ground. Noise like a
            fan. Object then drifted away.

(3)                Case

Sighting:   22 October 1955.
            Cleveland, Ohio area over 105th St.

Object:     Circular, bright orange glow, 500 feet off the ground. A
            bright, orange light was observed shining from the bottom
            of the object towards the earth.

(4)                Case

Sighting:   22 October 1955.
            4711 Ardendale Road, South Euclid, Ohio.
            7:15 p.m.

Object:     Large. Wide as average house. Made gruff coarse noise.
            Somewhat spherical in shape. Row of yellow lights around
            perimeter. Tree-top height.

b. Results of Interviews:

(1)                Sightings: Proceeded to the home of                 arriving there at approximately 1515 hours of 27 June.
            was not at home, and an interview was held with his
            foster mother, Mrs.                 which produced some interesting information regarding this case. It was disclosed that David
            was an only child, etc.) An attached form states that he
            was shuttled between Mrs.                 and others after
            3 years ago. His foster mother is of the opinion that he did
            observe something on 29 August 1955.

2.


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

b. Results of Interview:

(1) have seen the landing of the "saucer", talked to the person who emerged from within it, and who gave him a message in English to the effect (as told to this investigator) that, "we'll your Leader, it there is another war--we'll be coming". This event to his priest, _____ was advised to tell his story directly to the proper authorities. This has not been done, not even to his foster mother. However, the peculiar aspect of this case is, that he did give this information to Mr. Allan E. Roush, a member and self-styled official UFO investigator of the UFORG. Further investigation disclosed that although considered an intelligent young man and possesses the attributes of a good musician, he is said to be a bit on the "odd" side, living in his own little world, and given to a large imagination. It was further learned that on the same day that he claimed to have seen his "flying saucer", a Cleveland firm was sending up sky rockets as part of an advertising campaign, offering rewards to the finders of these rockets. That A____ saw these rockets and attempted to obtain one.

(2) Sighting: On the evening of the same day (27 June) proceeded to Willoughby, Ohio, to the residence of Mr. and Mrs. ____. Mr. and Mrs. _____ willingly gave me their account of the sighting they had made in late July or August of 1955. They had no knowledge that the undersigned investigator had in his possession a case dossier from the UFORG. In brief, they both repeated to this investigator almost word for word their previous report to the UFORG. However, in the course of discussion following their story the investigator learned that the UFORG had built up this particular case in their report to ATIC. The pictures submitted and as shown in the case dossier are not pictures of the area of ___. These were not home but of an area some distance away. Also, some of the drawings of the UFO sighted are erroneous according to those who, apparently, revised them for the first time. These were revised in the UFORG dossier. It was learned during this interview that Mr. Roush of the UFORG is leading people to believe that he and the UFORG organization are official USAF Investigators. They present some type of card for identification, believe to be a USAF Reserve card of some sort.

(3) Sighting: In the latter part of the day (28 June), an attempt was made to contact _____ who appears to be a sort of "chairman" and self-designated chief UFO Investigator of the organization in question. Inasmuch as Mr. _____ for the most part personally prepared the UFO cases and illustration in the dossier, it was important that some background information on this individual be obtained. It was determined that _____ did not, and had not lived in the address given to ATIC, _____ address was obtained from his previous landlord. However, _____, an insurance

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 24 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

salesman, was out of town. Discussion with his wife, who also
observed the sighting with her husband, produced some interesting
information on this case. Mrs. [redacted] was of the opinion that,
although not positive, the object she observed was an aircraft.
Further, she gave this investigator the impression that her husband
got interested in UFO's merely as a hobby, but that his interest
now has grown out of hand.

7. In accordance with a pre-arranged plan for conducting this series of interviews, the final interview was had with the organizer and
director of the UFORC. Mr. Roush and Mr. Smith conducted the investigation on
these sightings, and somehow ran into a few more people who had made sightings on
this same date (22 October 1955). From all the witnesses accounts this investigator
is lead to believe that all those sightings were of some type of aircraft. Strong
support is lent this statement because of numerous and constant aircraft flights in
and around Cleveland, from both private and municipal airfields. With USAF units
located in the Cleveland Municipal Airport there are any numerous types of craft
flying out of the Cleveland area, i.e., advertising blimps, helicopters, transport
jet types to name only a few.

8. At the conclusion of interviews, this investigator emphasized to all interviewed that although submission of some UFO cases and reports from private citizens
and organizations is appreciated by the Air Force, ATIC and other delegated authority
are the only "official" UFO agencies. It was strongly recommended that all sightings
should be made to ATIC or the nearest AF base immediately, and that if the sighting
were found to possess merit, action to initiate an official USAF investigation
through the 4602d ASS and other pertinent units, who have trained investigators to
handle these cases, would be taken.

C. CONCLUSIONS:

9. Case: Mr. [redacted], an impressionable young man with an over
active imagination did observe some natural or explainable phenomena, but let his
imagination run riot to build up a story of a "flying saucer" landing and its occupants talking to him to such an extent that he now believes or alleges to believe
this fantastical story himself. Considered an "eccentric" or "psychological manifestation" UFO report.

10. Case: This was the only case of the four that did not disclose any
discrepancies between the original and present UFO report. No firm or definite conclusion can be made due to lack of further information and the difficulty of getting
additional facts from the sources due to the length of time elapsing from the first
report. Considered an "unknown".

11. Case: From his obvious susceptibility to suggestion, and description
of his sighting "500 feet from the ground - a light beam appearing somewhat toward
the ground," the object is considered an "aircraft" preparatory to landing, and will
be placed in that category.

12. Case: Apparently an aircraft, but insufficient information.

13. General: All the individuals associated with the UFORC appeared to be
people who, although good American citizens, have vivid imaginations and sincere
belief they are helping the UFO program by conducting their own investigation and
analyses. It is further concluded that in all future reports from this organization

4.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 25 -

will probably border on the fantasy side rather than on the logical or factual so necessary in resolving reported sightings.

D. RECOMMENDATIONS:

14. The UFO cases investigated herein be entered individually in the UFO case files under the following categories:

a. ________ (Eccentric) i.e. Other

b. ________ Unknown

c. ________ Aircraft

d. ________ Insufficient information.

APPROVED:
GEORGE T. GREGORY
Captain, USAF

PREPARED BY:
W/Sgt O. D. Hill

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 26 -

Memorandum for Mr. [redacted]

SUBJECT: Brief on UFO Research Council and Courses of Action

1. On 3 February 1956, Mr. Rouse, UFO Research Council, located in Cleveland, was granted a conference in ATIC with Capt. Hardin, Dr. Robinson and Mr. [redacted]. This conference was the result of a letter (attached) sent to President Eisenhower, which through channels (Sherman Adams, Gen. Kelly of the USAF Scientific Liaison Office, etc.) was approved by Col Eriksen on 30 January (letter attached).

2. A number of cases in dossier form, were submitted to ATIC by this organization, and it appears, a promise was expected from Capt Hardin that the cases would be studied or explained, and a reply as to the results would be given to this group.

3. This matter was brought to the undersigned's attention recently by a letter from Mr. [redacted] dated 6 June 1956, reiterating this promise (letter attached). A check with Dr. Robinson indicates that a promise was made.

4. To the best of the undersigned's knowledge, it was determined that no action of any kind has been taken on this matter.

5. Dr. Hynek stated a few weeks ago (prior to receipt of Mr. [redacted] letter) that this organization was one of the most active; that he had personally met his members and being a dedicated group, would normally press matters to extremes, if necessary.

6. For your information and background, and to save you the trouble of reviewing the large mass of data of each case, the following is a brief summary of the three cases submitted to ATIC by the council in February of this year.

a. [redacted] case,
Sighting: 22 October 1955
Cleveland, Ohio area over 105th St.
Object: Circular, bright orange glow, 500 Feet off the ground. A bright, orange light was observed shining from the bottom of the object towards the earth.

b. [redacted] case,
Sighting: 22 October 1955
1711 Ardale Road
South Euclid, Ohio
7:15 p.m.
Object: Large as average house. Made gruff course noise. Somewhat spherical in shape. Row of yellow lights. Tree-top height.

c. [redacted] case,
Sighting: Late July or early August (date indefinite) 1955
North of Mulberry Corner, Ohio (Int. Route 6 & 305)
8:45 p.m.
Object: Size described as larger than house, and as flat, circular in shape. Red light in front, green in rear. Hovered about fifty feet in the air for about five minutes. Two small lights then drifted away.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 2 -

d. Sighting: 29 August 1955
Two miles west of intersection of Route 6 and 365.
Between 1:30 to 2:00 a.m.
Object: Typically "flying saucer" in shape. Thirty feet across.
Dome on top. A bolt of green light struck the ground in
front of witness. Witness landed, door slid open, and a man came out. He informed Eichenbrandt, in English, "they" were from another planet.

7. In view of the possibility that these may, again, contact the President's office with a request for a follow-up or explanation, unless we can give them some suitable reply (which we can later back up by official paper work), it is the opinion of the undersigned that, regardless of the merits of each individual case, some action should be initiated, if for no other reason than for our records to indicate something was done in this matter.

8. Two courses of action are contemplated:
a. A reply to the UFO Council that no firm conclusion can be reached because of the insufficiency of information submitted.

b. Request a brief, informal investigation by the 4602nd AISS, in accordance with AFR 200-2. A reply to the UFO Council would then be that "investigative action has been initiated; results unknown as of this date."

9. The latter recommendation above is considered the best approach. Any reply to the effect "insufficient information" "no firm conclusion" is still under study may only produce a large mass of additional data from this organization which undoubtedly will further confuse the cases on hand.

10. Your comments and/or recommendations with respect to this matter would be appreciated.

[Signed]
GEORGE M. GREGORY
Captain, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Group


- page 28 -

Aug 23, 1954

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to the handwritten nature of the document and the image quality. Some words and phrases can be partially made out, but a complete and accurate transcription is not possible without risking introducing errors.]

The document appears to be a handwritten report or letter, dated at the top with "Aug 23, 1954". The text is written in cursive script and is difficult to read completely due to the image resolution and handwriting style.


- page 29 -

