PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 June 1955

2. LOCATION
Pantelleria Island, Mediterranean

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local morning
GMT Unk

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XB Ground-Visual
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
16 min +

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
unk

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj. oblong, emitted a strong light. Appeared to "fall". It sky then stood hovering and gradually became smaller and smaller

11. COMMENTS
Not much info in original rpt. Insufficient data for evaluation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☒ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

adjusting it when an object 2
sented well. during at a single is
50 or 60 degrees vibrated scarcely
in a dozen times, seemed to be go 1st
ing to hit the house. 21 got so bold
and terrifying, and 2 got so bold
almost 50 feet, while myself attributes
protect myself and being attribute
yelled in panic. 21 invoked
disorderly home as a means
level o pass over the window frames
banged and almost crashed in and
the cement floor shook under feet, 2
heard the ceiling yoick beam like
pretty visible this time on 3
of 4 concussive explosions and the
thing disappeared quickly the shell
whistle shells to go and
rising slightly. it came from the
west. You might say for the
heard them close but was only 5
seconds start to finish f

My sister yelled "what was
that." "scared badly to realize
a flying saucer or an exploding
maybe an exploding meteor from
outside to look around and turned
in news on radio all day but
heard nothing of any odd occurrence.
Her husband works 2 miles away


- page 2 -

a chief auditor in a factory office.
he drove home at noon and he
heard nothing, and nothing in
local newspaper of unusual occur-
ence

it snowed 50¢ six snowflakes
within seconds, the noise of grat-
ing, windless, shoughts powder
the ground, and turned lightly
cloudy again. it was a clear
passage of no jet would dive out
of maybe a 3000 foot ceiling and
describe the Metor Society, it
seemed from the duration was
going many thousands of miles
an hour. I noticed that the elec-
tric lights were pulsing slightly
dimmer in about to send pulse
5 minutes before the scared.

the Metor Society - 2 used to
chart meters for it within in high
school. 2 am now 53, wrote that
they checked their records for
a week before and after that in
definite date and found nothing
of any large meteor in Illinois
and they contacted a sky phen-
omena outfit, it had 5 letters


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

in it, a U.S. agency and they
had no record of anything unusual.

I believe it was heat, as it
shook floors & rafters and frightened, and windows banged loudly
5 or 6 times. But the time it took
to start and finish is absurd for
a jet, and delusions or whatever don't make sturdy brick
& cement houses.

I don't believe in saucers
or spaceships. We saw nothing,
no smell of light, no bang from sky like sonic boomstrat

I just experienced it.

I'm not read of a worldly
UFO report, if it was.

Yours truly,

[Signature area blacked out]
Pantelleria, Italy

P.S. Reading press of 30 UFO reports last year, one of maneuvers
of a brown and an oily norm. Is
it possible to receive only description of this occurrence, briefly from me?


- page 4 -

CONFIDENTIAL

AISOP Subject: Monthly UFOB Summary, June 1955

Investigative Effort (con't)

INVESTIGATIVE UNIT         LOCATION OF SIGHTING     CONCLUSION

1. Flight 1-C             Parker, Arizona          Probably Astronomic
2. Flight 2-D             Bryan AFB, Texas         Probably Balloon
3. Flight 2-N             Dallas, Texas            Net-Concluded
4. Flight 1-A             Poulsbo, Washington      Probably Balloon
5. Flight 3-H             Washington D.C.          Probably Balloon
6. Flight 4-9

b. In addition to the above, one (1) limited follow-up investigation is being conducted by Headquarters, 4502d AISS, by means of ATIC Form 164 (U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet). The above forms were sent to the observers of a UFOB sighting at Holt, Florida.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

SPECIAL INTELLIGENCE (Continued)

4. VISITS TO USAF FOREIGN COUNTRIES

a. Aircraft - - - - - - - -
b. Personnel - - - - - - -
c. Astronomical - - - - - -
d. Other - - - - - - - - -
e. Insufficient Data - - - -
f. Total - - - - - - - - -

4
3
1
2
1
11

Detailed UFO sightings were mostly significant or suggestive. They would indicate, as concluded in any statistical trend, a pattern of pattern of activity by comparing their sightings with sightings of the "unknown".

5. TO ACCOMPANY BASIC DIRECTIVE TO CG BY GENERAL CORRESPONDENCE, (FROM CG 15 SPTS GP, MARCH AFB, CATEGORY B REPORT) 1 JUN 55 - 31 MAY 55

                LOCATION                    CONCLUSION OF EVALUATION

June 1955       South Bend, Indiana         Other
                Cincinnati, Ohio             Insufficient Data
                Wichita, Kansas              Balloon
                Dayton, Ohio                 Balloon
                Dayton, Ohio                 Balloon
                Davenport, Pennsylvania      Balloon
                Dayton, Ohio                 Insufficient Data
                Long Beach, California       Unknown

July 1955       Paris, Illinois              Astronomical
                Dayton, Ohio                 Possibly Astronomical
                Dayton, Ohio                 Possibly Balloon
                Cincinnati, Ohio             Balloon
                Chickamauga, Georgia         Possibly Balloon

Aug. 1955       Nicholasville, Kentucky      Aircraft
                Cincinnati, Ohio             Possibly Balloon
                Dayton, Ohio                 Balloon
                Santa, New Mexico            Balloon
                Park Ridge, Illinois         Other
                Cleburne, New Mexico         Astronomical
                Dayton, Ohio                 Astronomical
                Cincinnati, Illinois         Balloon
                Cincinnati, Ohio             Balloon
                Mt. Pulaski, Illinois        Balloon
                Weirton, Virginia            Aircraft
                Dayton, Ohio                 Possibly Balloon
                Waco, Texas                  Aircraft
                Long Island, Texas           Astronomical


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE INFO ONLY                                                  Summary
                                                                    Aldrich, JWC

Mrs Hant/SAWIC/7302/29 Jun 65

3c. Incl 65

Dear Sir:

This is in reply to your letter concerning unidentified flying objects.

The investigation of unidentified flying objects reported in the area over the United States is being conducted by the Air Force. The name of this project is Blue Book. A copy of the report on this project is attached for your information.

In 25 years of investigating over 9000 reports of unidentified flying objects, the evidence has proved almost conclusively that reported aerial phenomena have been caused either by man-made aircraft by man, generated by atmospheric conditions, or caused by celestial bodies or the remnants of meteoric activity.

There has never been any evidence that UFOs reported to the Air Force represent extraterrestrial vehicles. No such object reported to the Air Force has given any indication of a threat to the United States nor has any evidence been presented that any unidentified flying object could be construed beyond the scope of current technical or scientific knowledge.

We are unable to evaluate your report due to the great time lapse.

Sincerely,

[Signature]

1 Atch
Blue Book Report

Mr. W. W. Aldrich
126 N. Jeffery Street
Waukegan, Illinois


- page 7 -

Source: JATM - SEP 63

Formation of six UFOs over Stadt-park. Hamburg, Germany, in the summer of 1955. 9 objects were originally sighted.

[The image appears to be a grainy black and white photograph showing a blurry formation of objects in the sky, with some indistinct landscape or terrain in the background.]


- page 8 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: CRIFO Newsletter, 3 Feb 56

15 Jun 55
Adelaide, Australia

[The rest of the text appears to be a detailed report about a meteorite event, but due to the image quality, some parts are difficult to read completely. The text discusses a meteorite incident in Adelaide, Australia, with details about an explosion, debris, and witness accounts. The report seems to be from the Australian Aeronautical Society and describes the meteorite's impact and aftermath. Some specific details include a shop being totally wrecked, the meteorite measuring 15' x 20', and various observations about the event.]


- page 9 -

FIREBALL FINDS RANGE, WRECKS WORKSHOP

Case 128, Adelaide, Australia, June 15, 1955—Pardon the fiction, but let's face it, something's screwy! In a special report prepared by the Australian Astronomical Society, June 1955, we learn more about the ubiquity and character of the fireball. The report reads as follows: "There seems little doubt that the mysterious explosion that totally wrecked a shop in the Adelaide suburb of Flinders Park at 2:20 a.m. on June 15 was caused by a meteorite. The shop measuring 15' x 20' had its walls blown out, roof blown off and contents destroyed. Authorities have ruled out normal causes. Investigating the site before the dangerous walls and roof had been demolished, the secretary found no marks that could have been tributable to a meteorite striking the building. Later a watch was made as several tons of brick and mortar rubble was removed, much of it charred by the fire that followed the explosion. But, no trace of anything meteoric was found or could be seen. From the impact that the meteorite shattered into small fragments could be seen a bright fireball flash across the sky in that direction. ... The direction of the fall of the fireball described by the witness agrees with the apparent entry of the meteorite into the building, as was evident from the way the masonry fell..."

E.g.: The record also stated, "... the earth was passing through a wave of the meteor stream on the date concerned." While we are wayward to let that the fireball in question may have been blamed for the "meteor" that "meteor stream" can be likened to the home of Mrs. Too often, the writer believes, it is convenient to astronomers to blame meteors for anomalies in the sky such as in the Adelaide case or the "meteor" explosion causing a gaping crater near Logan, Utah, May 1, 1954. See Case 29. See also CRIFFO Newsletter.

1 Credit: Fred Stone, Pres. of The Australian Flying Saucer Research Society.
* See CRIFFO Newsletter, Feb. 4, 1955.


- page 10 -

1 - 15 JULY 1955 SIGHTINGS

LOCATION                                 OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

Hollywood, California                    Military (AIR VIS &        Other (UNRELIABLE RPT)
Sacramento, California                   GD RADAR)                 Balloon

Newfoundland                             Military Air (VIS)         1. Astro (Venus)
                                         Ground (RADAR)             2. Anomalous Propagation

Georgetown, Massachusetts                Military                   Aircraft
St. Marlboro, Massachusetts                                         Astro (SATURN)
Manhasset, New York                                                 Insufficient Data
Charleston, Maine                                                   Insufficient Data
Cullerey, Michigan                                                  Balloon
Baltimore, Maryland                      Multi (PHYSICAL S)         Other (SOAP BUBBLES)
Penrock, Pennsylvania                                               Other (UNRELIABLE RPT)
Augusta, Maine                                                      Astro (METEOR)
Tampa, Florida (CASE MISSING)            Military                   Insufficient Data
Mira Loma, California                                               Astro (METEOR)
Hollywood, California                                               Astro (METEOR)
Arlington, California                                               Astro (METEOR)
Newport Beach, California                                           Insufficient Data
Toulah, France (CASE MISSING)            Military Air               Balloon
Big Foot, Texas                                                     Balloon
Charleston, - Greenville, Maine          Multi                      Aircraft (MILITARY OPR)
Stockton, California                                                Astro (METEOR)
Bakersfield, California
China Lake NAS, California               Military (RADAR)           Balloon w/Package
Steward AFB, Newark Valley, New York     Military Air               Balloon
Trent, Michigan                          Multi                      Aircraft
Incanda, California                                                 Aircraft
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (CASE MISSING) Civilian                  Astro (METEOR SHOWER)
La Habra, California                                                Insufficient Data
Long Beach, California                                              Aircraft
Glen Avon, California                                               Insufficient Data
Orlando, Florida                                                    Aircraft
Madrid, Spain                                                       Insufficient Data
Orlando, Miami, Palm Beach, Florida       Multi                     Aircraft
Palm Beach, Florida                                                 Astro (METEOR)
Gulf of Mexico (Off New Orleans)                                    Balloon

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE        LOCATION                      SOURCE                    EVALUATION

July        Paterson, New Jersey          CSI Bulletin


- page 11 -

EXTRACTED FROM ACIC 234724, IR-1693-55 fr Germany

"A radio message of the Dutch tanker "Gadira" was received at Amsterdam on 30 June 55 according to which the Captain, the first officer and the radio operator observed during morning hours, a cigar-shaped body in about 7,000 meters altitude over the Mediterranean Sea. This body emitted a strong light, at first fell from the sky, then stood slightly wavering at the mentioned altitude for about 16 minutes, and finally became smaller and smaller until it disappeared entirely. This phenomenon was observed by other tankers, and appeared in the vicinity of Pantelleria Island."

UNCLASSIFIED

Classification Cancelled
OR Change to Docl
AUG 25 1959
By [signature]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 12 -

United States Air Force                Mar 30, 1965
Unidentified Flying Object Div.
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sirs -

Am writing about U.F.O.'s and belatedly if I was wondering if this was anything similar reported to the Air Force U.F.O. division at around the time. It's occurred to my memory, since the date when I read of other reports.

I was living at a hotel at Hoopeston, Ill., on the C & El railroad 100 miles south of Chicago, during the summer of 1955. I had detached late, after reading, at 11 pm, and was getting dir. & walking the sidewalk between hotel and railroad, looking at constellations as know some of them from amateur telescope experience.

Looked at Scorpius, was


- page 13 -

in July, no date recalled and nothing unusual occurred was turned to little at others, and turned to little back, and there were three yellow-white lights in a group. I wondered at the time looked like bright stars but they seemed to swoop downwards slowly, and towards me, over the railroad, right of way in the south. They came fast from a tremendous height and the lights were of startling smallness a velocity.

The city limit of the town is 8 blocks south and they leveled off just before there and went very slowly north, towards me, then the two on the east went out, I never saw or heard them again, but the remaining one came north a little ways and made a long sweeping turn to the west. It couldn't have been over a mile, or less, away.


- page 14 -

As it turned, about 8 orange oval lights came into view and the yellow white light wasn't visible, just these 8 ovals a red hot poker brightness, like this, o o o o o o o o.

It was noiseless, on a balmy sharp seeing mile 1130 p.m. C 19 ST.) and extremely slow then. Cut say a mile I guessed the row of lights was 765 or 100 feet long, could going 20 or 30 miles an hour. When it swung west, the orange lights couldn't be seen, and the intense yellow white light became visible, and I watched it by that light for the 15 minutes it took to get out of sight in the west, at its parking altitude.

By 2 hrs guessed, by 1600 feet.

The changes of speed and old appearing in less than 3 minutes at first doesn't seem like a calm airplane. It no wing cut off the row of orange.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

lights, it had no helicopter
visible noise, no engine noise
It came down at the begin-
ning like a slow meteor in a
steep, 45° slant, straight
towards my direction. None
the three had aircraft wing
tail, or body lights but the
yellow-white light, about the
brightness of Jupiter was a first
lights. I had normal hearing
and later took railroad medi-
cal tests for employment and
my eyes were 20/20 a month
later and reflexes normal. I
passed a Santa Fe telegraph
operator medical exam and
was rejected for too heavy a
another.

This story is plain odd.
About 3 weeks after the above
of sister, who lives in a country
home 1½ miles from the site
mentioned, had learned me 2
paperbacks on flying saucers
after I related this odd light
thing to her. One was


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

book. Was reading
on the hotel from 9 p.m. on in
my hotel room one warm evening
around the 1st of August in
1955, and when I came to the
chapter on green fireballs, I
read 2 or 3 pages. Suddenly got
tense, hot, & very fidgety, could
stand to read any more, and
got up to walk around the room
for a couple minutes. My clock
said 10:15 p.m. I read more &
went to bed sometime later, all
ok.

Next noon I called this sister
on phone about mail or something
She said say, I saw a green
fireball last night. I recalled
and asked what time it was. She
said at 10:15 p.m. at window when
she went there to go to bed. She
said went slowly from north-
east to horizon trees in south-
west side of moon, leaving a
murky misty about trail I
I reported it to the American
Meteor Society, they acknowledged
it. But the coincidence was


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

uncanny. She says if 14 years
on the 10th of country home she
has seen 3, has, clears horizon
and observes with qn 8 mich per
fleeting telescope & knows abt
the heavens was an aupra ob-
server for the SQY at least one
year.

I have never seen one, but
a curious occurrence at a rail-
road signal tower near Gary
2nd, at 3 a.m. after hours of
being busy at desk and interlock-
ing that taxed me. I turned the
swivel chair silently to the
desk, the only tower light a
pantograph troute. fleeting sent
light. As the chair got turned
suddenly on a plank pole
guy wire there appeared a blue-
check back for a second or two
no noise, no shock, no smell
The wire was 15 feet from me
and was dumbfounded. I turned
on a 300 watt floodlight and
looked around, as near as could
tell the fireball originated at a


- page 18 -

cable-dividing ceramic insulator.

The next account was a terrible experience. It happened at about Dec 20, 1952 on a 10 acre farm which has a 6 room 1 story ranch style red brick bungalow cement floors, Haydite blocks inside walls fireproof green shingle roof. I had rented my sister 2 months, she is still living there and can verify this. 116 name is Mrs. C.E. Hanken, Route 3, 1 Hopeton, Ill., has a telephone.

This morning about 9 a.m. she was washing breakfast dishes and was taking a day in an easy chair, near admittedly seated X'mas tree. Weather was 260 low grey clouds, almost windless. It got very dark out & pressed & quiet a 12 foot picture window with 18 inch reflected frame panels. a dark cloud was coming from the northwest. I said to her some kind of weather coming & had distorted a bubble type lights tree candle, was


- page 19 -

