The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: May 55
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0315-0330
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Sighting of an unidentified aerial object years ago. Exact data unknown. Thirteen objects with various motions main body came and went over observers. Remained motionless for 13 min. Twelve of the objs moved too fast for detail. Main obj had dome.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? May 19, 1955
2. Time of day: 12:35 a.m. - 1:15 a.m.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) c. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Miami, Florida
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 minutes
5.1 How was object in sight determined? c. Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _V_
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: b. Bright; NIGHT: b. Bright
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this page of the document. However, the document does contain handwritten text that appears to be responses to a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
(The response indicates that the object did disappear while the witness was watching it, but does not provide further details.)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(The witness responded "Yes" to this question.)

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(The witness responded "Yes" and provided a detailed description of the object's movement in front of a cloud.)

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
(The responses describe the sound and color of the observed object.)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered?
(The witness provided a detailed response describing the size of the object in relation to a match stick held at arm's length.)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(The witness provided a hand-drawn sketch showing the shape and details of the observed object.)

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various multiple-choice and fill-in-the-blank questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes ( ) No ( )
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes ( ) No ( )
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One:) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other (specify)

23. Were you (Circle One:) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The text extracted from the image is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes ( No )
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes ( No )
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One:) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other (specify)

23. Were you (Circle One:)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In the open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No 
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing various sketches and instructions related to tracking and describing UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.  

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 13 exact. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. This appears to be a form or questionnaire with various questions and text fields for the witness to provide information about a reported sighting of an unidentified object.

Here is the full text transcribed from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates, and location.
x/x/xx - Northwest Miami, Florida (several times)

31. Was anyone also with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME - 
ADDRESS - Street, Miami, Florida 33126
TELEPHONE NUMBER - 
AGE 26 YRS. SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have had an interest in the unidentified objects and believe them to be considered part of my own experience with them. I have seen them at different times within the past 2 years. I have not been able to have any witnesses at these times other than myself.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
6-9-55

- page 7 -

The image appears to contain two postcards that were part of the Project Blue Book UFO investigation. There are no photographs present in this image, only the text and images on the postcards.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 29 JULY 1950
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
The UFO was circular in shape and about the size of a large aircraft. It was hovering over a nearby area and was observed for about 10 minutes. The object was well defined and had no visible means of propulsion. It moved off to the east at a very high rate of speed. There were other witnesses to this sighting. 
POST CARD
Project Blue Book
Headquarters
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.
POST CARD
Project Blue Book
Headquarters
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten note in the center of the page. The note appears to be a description of an observation or sighting, with some handwritten text and what looks like a sketch or diagram in the top right corner of the page.

SUBJECT: REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
sighted over Miami, Fla. 6 May 1955 at 1620 EST.
Object described as cigar-shaped, rotating very fast.
Travelled rapidly in a southwesterly direction.
Observed for about 1/2 minute.

- page 9 -

