PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
7 February 1955

2. LOCATION
Kings Landing (Calif)

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1630 PST

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. CAT
08/0030Z

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4 or 5 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Source was watching jet a/c in area when he noticed UFOB. Attracted by shiny aluminum reflection. Object resembled huge wing.

Source stated the area around the trailing edge of the wing seemed hazy and several slotted areas appeared therein.

See: Tapes 7-3745-464

11. COMMENTS
Possible exp. aircraft
(F-100 or F-102)

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

I was conscious of a whirring sound similar to communication sounds in telephone house. & a basic note went with this humming - or almost musical. The sound started with low volume gradually increased to a crescendo - stayed off to a low volume and then picked up again. 

During away "x" through "x" sound survey. Being on electronic beam, sound, ascending, sat holding very low a fairly good knowledge of hearing site. The sound was a primary altitude - but I was not totally convinced (from what I heard) dropped in volume (at hearing off "x" itself) in vertical distance.

At point of convergence, all "x" (except to be F36 &) headed straight north - parallel to the line and in formation. At this point calculation balance too fast track. Aircraft "x" note of slightly too bright and directly alone just formation. Estimated time of 4000 ft altitude in turn for 38000 feet --- being about 3800 ft (height) altitude before turn at an estimated being 5000 ft)

After maneuvering --- not staying along track --- "aircraft "x" was outside a ship --- then going into a tight turn --- then leaving off --- then maneuvering 3700 ft. & first turn pointing (California) "aircraft "x" was almost directly in altitude & 2000 ft lower by west of me. "aircraft "x" was on estimated 2500 ft turning point of 250 ft to 500 ft (altitude). "aircraft "x" seemed to have no real turn.

There was a bright metallic aluminum color of accompanying slight switch to chart and accompanying sample. Batch of aircraft "x" will fill the only details.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-3-

The exact date of this event possibly might not have been the 3rd of Feb. to me there were enough hours per day and when I am busy I often just after - wait dates --- but never remain definitely. I am a TV Service Tech with spot date in Feb.

I called [REDACTED] -- [REDACTED] check which have spot date. Home that evening, I talked to officer of day. Phone # 348588 - Murrysville - then when I initiated phone call. These facts will with some of electronic info I came to try this ticket was pushed when I am. The time a through search will turn it up.

A day or so later I called Travis City Base Brace. The [REDACTED] concerning Aircraft "X". I contacted Marquette PIBT of one locality. I made the call to McAlland Field & Travis at my own expense.

In March - around the middle - (while trying to secure employment as a telemetry electronics man) at El Edwards Air Force Base, California, I went to Air Force Intelligence Headquarters to make a first hand reports.

No one has contacted me concerning this report. I am clearly concerned for the following reasons:

(a) Speed, design, and maneuverability of aircraft "X"
(b) [Illegible text]
(c) Fact that "X" air base security program is unworkable + bogged down with red tape.
(d) [Illegible text]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-4-

(H) Would have the guts and courage to admit the truth to the American people. In other words why make people afraid?

(A) I feel that a first hand man - say witness contacted, yet another witness going to investigate or the witness contacted, give an address of witness giving to a reasonable inconvenience + some reported facts + might resulting revision breach of faith, discontent and downright resulting to a U.S. Citizen attempting to do his duty + make his country further secure.

(F) There are not ten gates. Things are in this country. The Air Force is sometimes a mighty important institution does on many occasions seem to forget, being release of priority, that people are not things, instruments, tools or slaves - but must mighty hard pushing someone merely to keep the flag-boys in business---- while we watch them with killing going on it to absolute market financing research and development - partly U.S. Army Air Force, cold steel manageable gesture some of money for "old bucking" and so a "free Ourselves"; looking together long Ourselves would be going "just out of being".

(G) Responsible people have been caught at, they thus tend in endorsement of a principle not on "the guy who was things", simply because the Air Force knows - O or THINKS - they are decisive certain observed facts just "a thing" - perhaps "others certain theories" - explaining in such a manner as to make honestly upright and faithful observers appear stupid + liars.

I am 35 years old, a pilot, and professional electronic Technician with 16 years experience near, with 7 years during experience prior to the 16 years. I served with the Army from 1939 thru 1944. Graduated from the 3rd Artillery School of Fire + Communications in 1941.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-5-

I have been up all night -- can picking of late nite aircraft 40 miles distant. My senses of timing is very sharp been. I was docking on a short left May 4, 1949 -- army aerial ■■■■■■■.

My specialty is TV + large work -- precision electronic proving of (unintelligible). I have never been arrested or in any trouble -- nor belonged to any group disloyal to U.S. -- nor ever broke any (illegible) or controlled my job disloyal to the United States of America.

I am now turning will to take a lie detector test or intend serious to Congressman with, I will greatly appreciate a reply from your office and the United States Air Force concerning "Bierryg" K.

thanking you in advance for your assistance in the matter,

Yours truly,
[signature lines blacked out]


- page 5 -

I have very been up all night -- can putting of later type aircraft 
40 miles double. My case of timing is very change seen. I was looking 
on a short light time 11,1954 -- can very well 

of British. I have never been arrested or in any trouble -- was 
in thought to say young statement to FBI -- was also back my thoughts 
on -- wanted my calls dealt with the United States of America. I 
am more the ability to take a low altitude, but in this seems to 
have my statement will have in this letter.

Congressman writes I will shortly appreciate a reply from again after 
with the United States or have considering "through"

thanking you in advance for your assistance in this matter,

Yours truly,


- page 6 -

Close-up Views
"A"

2500'

first few being from
vertical climb


- page 7 -

Text found on the document:

Close-ups Views
"B"

Capered to be swirling
blue-white light from
ground to top of form
from large to

Parts

2500'


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Closing View
"C"

direction of flight

Very bright metallic element
with
no markings

Bottom of shape

observer


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Closing View
"D"

Source opposing attitude with reference to observer.


- page 10 -

Close-up View
"E"

Whitey head on rotation
from trailing edge of wing
to at wing making partly
invisible & clean cut lines
of trailing wing edge,
not easily distinguishable.

(Closing View Present)


- page 11 -

AUDIO TAPES
FEBRUARY 7, 1955
KINGS LANDING, CALIFORNIA
OBSERVER-
FILE # 1003418, 1003419, 1003420
IN CUSTODY OF AUDIO-VISUAL DIVISION

1975


- page 12 -

Contact Number

Place - Rocklin, Loomis landing, Calif.

DATE

TIME - sunset or near land to west - 15 min. of jet trail shown

OBSERVER - [redacted]

[Partially legible text continues, but some words are obscured or illegible]

Authorization - [partially illegible text]


- page 13 -

The text I can clearly read on this document is:

"OBSERVER HERE"

Most of the other text appears to be handwritten notes that are difficult to decipher with certainty. The document appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram with some annotations, with "OBSERVER HERE" written near the bottom of the page.


- page 14 -

JOHN C. WATTS
Sixth District, Kentucky

MEMBER OF
Committee on Agriculture

CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
WASHINGTON, D.C.
August 2, 1955

Major General John A. Sanford
Director of Intelligence
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

My dear General Sanford:

I enclose a letter together with pertinent data compiled by Mr. [redacted] of Nicholasville, Kentucky, which is, I think, self-explanatory. As you will note, Mr. [redacted] is supplying very detailed information concerning his observation on the third of February, 1955, of an unidentified aircraft.

I think Mr. [redacted] is to be commended for the careful manner in which he has given his information to us. I know that you will give it very careful evaluation.

Very sincerely yours,

Signed/John C. Watts

C
O
P
Y

SAFL 15111 BM


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

3 (C)SS

Memo: AFOIN-X/Col Chappell/ase/
24750/12 Aug 55

AFOIN-8

MEMORANDUM FOR THE OFFICE OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON,
OFFICE, SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE

SUBJECT: Observation of Unidentified Flying Object by [redacted]

The following is offered as a basis for reply to Congressman
Watts:

"Your letter to General Sanford concerning the observation
of an unidentified flying object with the accompanying data
from [redacted], Nicholsonville, Kentucky, has been
compiled by us and the information turned over to the appro-
priate analysis for further evaluation.

As you are undoubtedly aware, the Air Force has a major
active program in this area and contributions such as those
of [redacted] on a voluntary basis are extremely beneficial.

We are forwarding herewith a reply, attaching a copy of
forwarding a copy of "U.S. Air Force Summary of Events and In-
formation Concerning the Unidentified Flying Object Program"
which complies those areas previously established by the Air Force
in its program in this area."

2 Incls:
1. Ltr to Congressman Watts
2. AF Summary - UFO

FRANK D. CHAPPELL
Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence

Cat III
a/c

cc: Coord by: AFOIN-X282
w/1 x-ref by: X282
AFOIN-8


- page 16 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE DIVISION
INCOMING UNCLASSIFIED MESSAGE

STD A13

PP RJDEDW RJDDCU RJEPNO RJEPNB
DE RJDEDW/263
P 082123Z
FM COMDR ADC ENT AFB COLO
TO RJDDBW/COMDR 30TH ADVN DEF BELLEVILLE MICH
INFO RJEPNO/COMPS HQ USAF WASH DC
RJEPNB/COMDR EADF STEWART AFB NEWBURGH NY
RJDCCU/COMDR DET 8 4671ST GND OBSR SQ 218 CHURCH ST LEXINGTON KY
AF GRNG
BT
JUNCL/ ADMIS 36918, UTNSG DI 5240. SINCE THIS HQ WAS NOT RECEIVED REPT
OF MR. [REDACTED] UFOB SIGHTING, SUGGEST THAT AN AF REPRESENTATIVE
FR DET 8, 4671ST GOS, VISIT OR CALL MR. [REDACTED], TRY TO ALLAY HIS FEELINGS
OF RESENTMENT TOWARD THE AF, ENCOURAGE HIM TO WRITE THE COMDRS, EDWARDS
AFB CAL, FOR AN ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF HIS REPT AND FOR INFO ON ANY ACTION
TAKEN.
BT
08/213SZ SEP RJDDEN
NOTE 1: 5240 IS AF IN 1845 (1 Sep 55)
INFO : OIN, COP, ODC
AF IN : 6558 (9 Sep 55)

W/FLO

HQPQ FORM 0-309d


- page 17 -

Director of Intelligence
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

Enclosed is a clipping from the local newspaper.

In February of 1955 I saw a Delta Wing Craft over the vicinity of Knights Landing, Calif. This was not an Experimental B-58 - even this the Air Force might well have held one in area at the time.

I had to go thru Congressman John Wiltz and used every string in my notes before I could order get an acknowledgment from the Air Force. Received a statement of my report. Never have I been able to get anyone from Intelligence, or Research etc to help first me.

What you people ever have some talk with me? Surely time and patience are tough the big race. That they don't know it all - not by any means. On a result of the way you people handled the report you might find yourself in a most embarrassing position - undoubtedly.

Yours Truly,

[Signature area is blacked out]

P.S. How about forgetting off your load Comrade in awhile. Kindly send a thank you impression or scare me a damn bit - a. Particular & hard lot.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Monday, D-

Traffic Toll
Yesterday's
Last 24 Hours:
Total Accidents 157
City Limits 137
Outside City 20
1958 To Date:
Same Date 1957

THE LEX
Twenty-Four Pages Today

Magazine Says Russia
Has A-Powered Bomber
By Vern Haugland
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30 (JP)—
Aviation Week magazine said
today some magazines claim a
nuclear-powered bomber six
months ago and has been flying
for at least two months.

The magazine said a number
of top U.S. aviation, aeronauti-
cal and non-Communist coun-
tries have observed the test
flights.

U.S. Air Force and Defense
Department officials, withheld
comment on the article.

An article published today by
the magazine said the bomber
is extremely long and appears
to be a delta wing design with
two nuclear-powered jet en-
gines that would enable it to
fly at extremely high speeds.

Dimensions Are Gigantic
The magazine said the enor-
mous weight, 300,000 pounds,
is about 100,000 pounds more
than the B-52. It has six power
plants, six feet in diameter, nuclear-powered, that
give thrust for takeoff perform-
ance, 33,000 pounds each, lasting 15 to 20 minutes.

The bomber, 206 feet long,
uses Convair B-36, no longer in
production.

Lexin

The Russian nuclear-powered U.S. Air Force Deputy chief of
bomber is not a flying test bed in staff for intelligence, Maj.
the sense that earlier U.S. Air Gen. Donald J. Keirn, said the
Force nuclear-powered aircraft concept — nuclear-powered
were. The Russians are now aircraft — is still in the early
working on a design similar to launching and low-level penetra-
the Saunders-Roe Princess P-1 tion machine — has a long way
project, he said. to go.

Similar To U.S. Project
The Soviet aircraft is a direct
type of a design to perform a
military mission via a continuous
nuclear-powered aircraft with
missile launching platform
similar to the U.S. Air Force
Project MX-1787 by Convair
and Lockheed are now making
design studies.

Keirn said the United States is
working to develop a nuclear-
powered aircraft with a similar
weight and size. The U.S. program is in the early stages of
long-range nuclear aircraft development. The aircraft would be capable of following up
with both nuclear and conventional weapons.

The conventional, chemically
fueled turbojets are used primarily for takeoff and landing,
the early flight test program
has been performed with aircraft may be retained for
high-speed missions and possibly replaced by two more nuclear-powered aircraft later.

Outlines Canal Concept
Maj. Gen. Donald J. Keirn,

The conventional turbine
must pass through the reactor
so that cooling of the shaft
seals presents a major problem — actually, the key problem.

Aviation Week said the aircraft Nuclear Propulsion Department of General Electric Co. has
been studying a direct air cycle approach under Air Force
and Atomic Energy Commission
contracts at Evendale, Ohio,
and Arco, Idaho, since 1951.

A total of 12 to 15 years of
public service an international conference on nuclear aircraft last September reported
that operators at the Argonne
National Laboratory saw the
ability of a direct air cycle aircraft propulsion system in
being.

In an editorial on the new
Soviet plane, Aviation Week Editorialists said the new aircraft's appearance "comes at a
significant moment" when U.S.
nuclear aircraft designers, Atomic Energy Commission
technicians and military planners are working on nuclear
aircraft projects.

The aircraft is clear that the
Soviets can be expected to explore their local for political purposes.

There are indications that a nuclear-powered bomber
that a nuclear-powered bomber

The image shows an artist's sketch of a Soviet nuclear-powered bomber, drawn from an article in Aviation Week magazine.


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

COV SHEET                                                                SUSPENSE

DATE: FEB. 1955

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

ROUTING: (Initial "IN" column to denote review prior to action, Initial "OUT" column to denote review of completed action)

TO: SAFIS-3, Attn: Maj. L. J. Tucker
FROM: AFOIN-IE

DATE: 19 December 1953
COMMENT NO. 1

1. Mr. [redacted] report was received in early August 1955, through representative Watts. This report was analyzed as an experimental aircraft in spite of Mr. [redacted] claim that it was anything but. An answer to representative Watts was prepared 12 August 1955, copy inclosed.

2. The tone of Mr. Watts' latest letter seems to indicate that this man is a frustrated ex-G.I. and will be satisfied only by having this frustration satisfied.

3. Mr. [redacted] apparently wishes to be contacted concerning this sighting. The AFOIN has no intention of sending anyone to talk with Mr. [redacted] concerning a case more than four years old. It is felt that the first answer to Mr. [redacted] through representative Watts was more than adequate.

Inclusions:
1. Ltr fr [redacted] w/1 Incl
2. Ltr dtd 12 Aug 55 [redacted] w/1 Incl

[Signature]
F. R. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-IE


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE LEXINGTON HERALD
Lexington, Ky., Monday Morning, December 1, 1958    Price 5¢ Vol. 88, No. 286

Magazine Says Russia Has A-Powered Bomber

By Vera Haugland
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30 - (JP) - "The Russian nuclear-powered US Air Force Deputy chief of staff for nuclear weapons development, outlined the Canal Zone Project today and said a nuclear-powered bomber is not a flying test bed or staff for nuclear weapons development, but a key project in the Soviet air development, outlined the Canal Zone Project today.

Similar To U.S. Project
The Soviet aircraft is a prototype of a design to perform a continuous military mission as a continuous nuclear-powered aircraft launching platform for missiles and nuclear launching platform.

"In 15 recent configuration studies, the Soviet nuclear-powered bomber would be capable of following up to 15 continuous hours of flight, with a heavy load, the Soviet turned targets, the Soviet air level, high-speed penetration of the enemy territory and the ability to launch missiles from a great distance."

(Rest of the text is partially cut off or illegible)

The newspaper header indicates this is from The Lexington Herald, published on Monday, December 1, 1958, with a price of 5¢ and volume/number details of Vol. 88, No. 286.


- page 21 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCSI-GA

SUBJECT: [Redacted], DOB: 26 October 1919

TO: AFCIN

1. Reference is made to your letter, subject, Transmittal of Tapes, dated 27 January 1960.

2. The three tapes which were forwarded by your referenced letter were prepared by the above subject. It appears that the subject's purpose in making the tapes and addressing them to your office was to complain concerning inaction by the USAF on his reported sighting of a UFO on 7 February 1955. He also included allegations that he had been harassed as a result of his report. He further made statements alleging inefficiencies and waste at the Pan American contract installation on Ascension Island.

3. With regard to the subject's alleged sighting of a UFO, the files of this Directorate reveal that on 8 March 1955 the subject called at the OSI Detachment Office, Edwards Air Force Base, to report that he had seen a flying saucer. The information furnished by the subject was forwarded by letter, dated 23 March 1955, to the Commander, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Attention Air Technical Intelligence Center, Dayton, Ohio, through OSI District Office WR-5. A copy of this letter is attached for your information.

4. The attached tapes were reviewed by the FBI and Headquarters ARDC, neither of which indicated that they intended to take any action relative to the information set forth therein. Since the tapes do not contain any information of interest to this Directorate at this time, they are being returned to you as the office having primary interest in UFO matters for such action and disposition as you deem appropriate.

5. This letter is classified CONFIDENTIAL to conform with the classification of attachment 1. When attachment 1 is withdrawn or not attached, this letter will be stamped FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY.

[Signature]
GILBERT R. LEVY
Chief, Scientific Intelligence Division
Directorate of Special Investigations
The Inspector General

4 Atch
1. 1st fr DO 13, 23 Mar 55
2, 3, 4. Tapes


- page 22 -

KINGS LANDING, CA
7 FEB 55
3 reels of tape
in SEPARATE FOLDER


- page 23 -

Confidential

REFERRAL NOTICE

(U) Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

FROM: Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, AFOIN-1B1

TO: [Multiple columns with AFOIN designations, mostly blank]

Major Friend

TYPE OF ACTION
APPROPRIATE ACTION | PREPARATION OF APPROPRIATE FORWARDING CORRESPONDENCE | ACTION ASSIGNED TO:

[Various action options with checkboxes, mostly blank]

Comments and/or recommendations:
Attached letter from AFOSI, with attachments, is forwarded for your disposition.

1 Atch
Ltr fr AFOSI-6A, 22 Mar 60
Subj: (U) G.M. Allender, DOB
25 Oct 1919, w/Atchs Ltr
fr DO 18, 23 Mar 58,2,3,4
tapes

T-60 1115 A
ROBERT E. HARRINGTON, Col., USAF, AFOIN-1B1

AFRO FORM 0-35 previous editions of this form are obsolete.


- page 24 -

ATIC-1152

Tape Recordings

ATC 28-11 (Capt Copies)

1. The tape recordings forwarded to Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence by [redacted] have been reviewed. The tapes contain no information which would prove beneficial to the Air Force. They did, however, reveal that [redacted] is of the opinion that the lack of success in life is due to harassing by the government as a result of his reporting an UFO sighting on 7 February 1955.

2. The sighting by Mr. [redacted] was reported to Edwards AFB as having taken place on 7 February 1955, at Marysville, California. This sighting is carried in the files of ATIC as resulting from an experimental aircraft. Review of this case indicates no additional evidence nor any reason for changing the original evaluation.

3. The sighting reported by Mr. [redacted] gave no indication of national threat. In view of the five years age of this case, ATIC does not intend any further investigation.

4. Information has been forwarded to SAFOI-34 concerning the most recent review of this case by ATIC with a suggestion that Mr. [redacted] be informed.

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components


- page 25 -

AFOIN-H50

Tape Recordings

AFOIN-H1 (Capt Combs)

1. The tape recordings forwarded to Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence by Lt. Col. have been reviewed. The tapes contain no information which would prove beneficial to an Air Force mission. However, reveal that the opinion is of the opinion that the lack of success in this case is embarrassing by the government as a result of his reporting on the sighting in February 1955.

2. The sighting by Mr. was reported to Edwards AFB as having taken place on 7 February 1955, at Marysville, California. This sighting is careful in the FLUA of AFR 200-2 resulting from a compartmental aircraft. Review of this case indicates no additional evidence for such reason for changing the original evaluation.

3. The sighting reported by was no indication of national threat. In view of the five years age of this case, AFIC does not intend any further investigation.

4. Information has been forwarded to SAFOI-24 concerning the most recent review of this case by AFIC with a suggestion that be informed.

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components


- page 26 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    AFCIR-1462

SUBJECT:    UFO Sighting, 7 February 1955 [redacted]                    13 APR 1956

TO:         SAFOI-3a (Maj Tucker)

1.          [redacted] recently forwarded three tape recordings to the Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence. These tapes have been reviewed and generally reveal no information which would be beneficial to the Air Force. However, they do reveal an unhealthy attitude toward the Air Force by [redacted]

2.          Throughout the tapes [redacted] indicates that the United States Government, and specifically the Air Force, is responsible for the lack of success which he has experienced since his separation from the Army in November 1955. The Air Force is further blamed for a lack of interest in an UFO sighting which he reported 7 February 1955, in California. As he has done on a number of previous occasions, specifically 19 December 1955, [redacted] reports a request for a visit from an Air Force representative. [redacted] has held several jobs as an electronics technician with both the government and industry. For some reason not stated he has not been retained on any job for extensive periods. [redacted] transfers these inabilities to retain jobs is due to harassment by the government as a result of his reporting the UFO in 1955. The witness further states that on two occasions private ventures in the way of electronics repair jobs (TV and radio) have fallen through. These failures are also attributed to the government.

3.          The case reported to the Air Force on 7 February 1955, at Maywood, California by [redacted] is carried in the ATIC file as probably an experimental aircraft. [redacted] in none of his subsequent communications to the Air Force, has divulged any additional information concerning this sighting. ATIC sees no reason other than five years old, and in view of a lack of additional information has no reason to change this original evaluation.

4.          [redacted]'s sighting of 1955 gave no evidence of national threat and in view of the age of this case, ATIC has no intention of opening anyone to talk with him. It is suggested that the witness be informed that the case has been reviewed by ATIC and that the original evaluation, in view of no new evidence, holds firm.


- page 27 -

5. Mr. [redacted]
   address -
[redacted]
Kentucky

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

2


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAOIR-31/hq Tucker/mh

19 April 1960

Dear Mr.

This is to acknowledge the three tape recordings you recently forwarded to the Air Force.

The unidentified flying object sighting reported to the Air Force on 7 February 1959 was evaluated as an experimental aircraft. This case has again been reviewed by the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center and in view of the fact that no new evidence has been submitted, the original evaluation remains unchanged.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Kentucky

Comeback 04-31
Reader 07-1


- page 29 -

Mr. Dwight Eisenhower
President of The United States
The White House
Washington, D.C.

Dear Mr. President,

I am writing to you about an aircraft penetration of the territorial air space of the Continental United States of America. This incident occurred in early February of 1955. I personally observed several minutes of this particular penetration.

This sighting was near Knights Landing, California — which is near Sacramento, California. I for years of almost futile efforts on my part has brought almost zero cooperation from the Air Force. After over five years the first effective interest and spirit of cooperation has been shown to a limited degree by merely a letter which I have reproduced here on page 82. This Department of the Air Force letter is a cited and couched report. (I have included on page 6 a sketch of the object under discussion herein)

May 20, 1960


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-3-

Your Office can obtain any necessary background on this Case from the Air Force. The tape set to the Air Force over about 75% of the ramifications of my unfortunate dealings with the Air Force and the sighting.

I firmly believe that the Craft was from outer space. However, in view of the fantastic missile and aircraft progress by the Russians it is possible that Aircraft X was a prototype of a Russian nuclear powered super plane. The fact that there is a slight possibility in the primary reason why I feel compelled to infringe upon the time of your office.

"Aircraft X" was definitely feeling out the Air Defense Measures of that action of the U.S. "Aircraft X" was in the area for several minutes - twice at low altitudes - once it was so close to me I could observe many details of its structure. It broke the sound barrier going straight up. Seven jet interceptors converged at an FP at high altitude.

This Craft went from the deck up to where they were came back down to deck - and very close to me - frolicked around and then almost immediately climbed back


- page 31 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-4-

upstairs and overlook the jets. The jets were flying full blast with after burners on. At this point the plane and aircraft "X" were a considerable distance both of me and the angle of sight permitted easy tracking. Aircraft "X" moved out ahead of jets at an opening rate of 3 to 1 — or approximately 20,000 miles per hour until it was several miles ahead of the jets — then slowed down to their speed again gradually taking on speed.

I have been a civilian pilot myself and have a fair knowledge of aircraft. I worked on the Missile Test Project for approximately two years and have over 20 years electronic background. I ended up as First Sgt in War II and all together I feel I am competent to evaluate what I saw.

There are thousands of Americans who know beyond a shadow of doubt that Space Craft have visited this planet and this country many times. Yet, even recently, for the U.S. to acknowledge this before the world would elevate mankind thinking and philosophy ahead for a thousand years. Mr. President, you are in a position to get facts and in the position to advise the people of truth.


- page 32 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-5-

to hundred and fifty pages would be required to
cover the incident and all the things that have
happened since, as I stated previously, the Air Force
should have a pretty good night file of correspondence from me on this matter.

I sum this up by stating that the aircraft "X"
had a wing span of 350 to 380 feet, very thick wings,
was undoubtedly nuclear powered, had speeds in
excess of 2000 miles per hour, could go so slow as to
almost hover, could it did break the sound barrier going
straight up, and could accelerate so rapidly that
the eyes could not track it, it passed miles distant
— until it slowed down. Further, this
aircraft "X" had no markings and was not
the property of the United States of America.
This makes it belong to Intelligence from
Outer Space or the Russians. Mr. President,
which is it?

May I wish you peace of mind, good health,
plenty of rest, and continuous contact with your
own Indwelling Christ.

Thanking you for your time and interest in
the subject under discussion herein,

Yours Truly,
[signature area blacked out]


- page 33 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFCIG-142/haj Friend/mce/69216/typed 11 Apr 60

UFO Sighting, 7 February 1955

SAFOI-34 (Maj Tucker)

1. Hq. [redacted] recently forwarded three tape recordings to the Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence. These tapes have been reviewed and generally reveal no information which would be beneficial to the Air Force. However, they do reveal an [redacted] attitude toward the Air Force by [redacted].

2. Throughout the tapes [redacted] indicates that the United States Government, and specifically the Air Force, is responsible for the lack of success which he has experienced since his separation from the Army in November 1955. The Air Force is further blamed for a lack of interest in UFO sighting which he reported 7 February 1955, in California. As he has done on a number of previous occasions, specifically 19 December 1955, [redacted] requests for a visit from an Air Force representative. He [redacted] has several jobs as an electronics technician with both the government and industry. For some reason not stated he has not been retained on any job for extensive periods. [redacted] states that his inability to find jobs is to harassing by the government as a result of his reporting the UFO in 1955. The witness further states that on two occasions private ventures in the way of electronics repair jobs (TV and radio) have fallen through. These failures are also attributed to the government.

3. The case reported to the Air Force on 7 February 1955, at Marysville, California by [redacted] is carried in the ATIC files as possibly an experimental aircraft. Mr. [redacted], in none of his subsequent communication to the Air Force, has divulged any additional information concerning this sighting. This case is more than five years old, and in view of a lack of additional information ATIC has no reason to change this original evaluation.

4. The sighting of 1955 gave no evidence of national threat and in view of the age of this case, ATIC has no intention of sending anyone to talk with [redacted]. It is suggested that the witness be informed that the case has been reviewed by ATIC and that the original evaluation, in view of no new evidence, holds firm.

COORDINATION:

[Signatures at bottom of page]


- page 34 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

"Over-all Y"
"Delta Wing"

"Air Intakes"

"Front"

"Deceleration Funnel
(for Drag Shape)"

"Compression Section"

"This is a poor pitch. I'm not sure what for artist

However, this was not totally NOT a B-58"

Other readable text fragments include:
"Thick Wing"
"Outer Space being"
"Photographic Exhaust Port"
"Rear"
"Air Intake"
"Air Intakes apparently creating a vacuum"

The document appears to be a hand-drawn schematic with various annotations about an aircraft or spacecraft design, with multiple sketches and notes about different components and design features.


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
Washington

Office of the Secretary

MEMORANDUM FOR: SAFOI                                    Congressional Endorsement
                                                          DATE: 7 June 50
                                                          FILE: 126830

SUBJECT: UFO's

1. The appropriate boxes have been marked to indicate action required on the attached.

2. First indorsement of this memorandum is to show responsibility for the action. Channels of correspondence will be A.F. Reg. 20-5, Paragraph 4b, and copies of subject correspondence have been forwarded to other addressees.

PREPARATION OF A REPLY IN FINAL FORM TO SENGAPPE IN
THE OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE.

PREPARATION OF A DRAFT OF A FINAL REPLY.

INFORMATION UPON WHICH TO BASE A REPLY.

CONCUR OR NONCONCUR WITH ATTACHED.

WHEN DIRECT REPLY, PLEASE PROVIDE SMALL ENVELOPE TO RECIP.

MAIL STAMP OFFICER:     Maj Kelly                         PX.:  57231

SUBJECT: ----------------(See HOI 10-40, Paragraph 1) I am the most concerned.

ROUTED: AS INDICATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ATTACHED MEMO, HOI 10-40, WHICH
PROVIDES THAT CORRESPONDENCE WILL BE ROUTED THROUGH CHANNELS TO THE CHIEF OF
THE AIR STAFF (ATTN: LEGISLATIVE LIAISON) FOR COORDINATION (WITH THE RESOLUTION OF THE CHIEF OF STAFF) BEFORE SUBMITTING TO
THE OFFICE OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON TO GET IT IN SHAPE FOR A REPLY.

ENDORSEMENTS: (Pencil notations)   Headquarters, 20 May, Angeles

GEORGE B. KNIGHT
Colonel, U.S.A.F.
Chief, Congressional Inquiry Division
Office of Legislative Liaison

RETURN THIS MEMORANDUM WITH CORRESPONDENCE


- page 36 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                                                2 August 1963

Subj: Telephone conversation with M[REDACTED]

On 2 August 1963 at approximately 1505 hours, SSgt Harold T Jones received a telephone call from a Mr.[REDACTED] who said he was on Interstate 75 between Vidalia and the Field (W-P) and wanted to know how long it would take him to get to the UFO office at Wright-Patterson AFB, what time we quit work, because he wanted to come to our office and give us some information on an old sighting he had. Sgt Jones informed Mr.[REDACTED] it would take about 15 - 20 minutes to get to the base but Colonel Quintanilla was gone for the rest of the afternoon and that Lt Marano (Col Quintanilla's assistant) was here and could give him the information. He stated he didn't care who he talked to, that he wouldn't take up too much of anybody's time.

In between portions of the conversation there appeared to be trouble in the telephone lines, such as a poor connection, so every time there was an interruption he used foul language (damn, shit). The trouble in the line was somewhere between the office phone and the phone from where Mr.[REDACTED] was calling.

[REDACTED] then spoke with Lt Marano. Mr.[REDACTED] was very upset and said the Air Force is always evasive. Lt Marano asked [REDACTED] if he wanted to make a report on a UFO. [REDACTED] said yes it was an old report and this is about the ninth time I have called over the past years and you always have telephone trouble..."I don't think anybody could really report anything if they had to." Mr.[REDACTED] said his report was in 1955. Lt Marano informed Mr.[REDACTED] if he wanted to visit the UFO office at Wright-Patterson in regards to his


- page 37 -

sighting he could obtain permission from the office in Washington, D C,
USAF(SAFOICC) and that we had an UFO investigator at each base who
investigates reports from the local areas. Mr [redacted] said this is
what he really wanted to know. He knows he couldn't report a sighting
if he wanted to, Mr [redacted] said he had tried to make contact with
this offcie and that he was going to write his congressman and inform
him that we always have telephone trouble. Mr [redacted] then said
good bye. Mr [redacted] used abusive language, was curt and demanding
throughout the whole conversation.

2


- page 38 -

The image appears to be a mostly blank white page with very little legible text. In the bottom center of the page, there is a small rectangular stamp or marking that appears to read "AHL" but the text is quite blurry and difficult to definitively read. The rest of the page is blank white space.


- page 39 -

This tape is addressed to the Director of Intelligence U.S. Air Force, Washington, D.C. My name is [redacted]. My residence is [redacted] Lexington, Kentucky. Incidentally, this piece of tape was purchased by me and came from [redacted] sources and was not stolen from the Air Force.

My name, I dare say, is particularly familiar to some of your people in the rusty part of their memory, but my memory of you people and some of the shenanigans you have pulled is burning freshly in my mind. Going back a long time, nearly five years to be exact, on February 3, 1955, that is about the date, I sighted a U.F.O. in northern California, down near Knights Landing, California.

Since that day, so many things have happened that a hundred tapes at this particular speed of recording would not begin to encompass them. However, the interesting things, rest assured, can be on this tape.

In May of 1958 I left R.C.A. for very good reasons and upon applying for a job elsewhere, in the Cape Canaveral area, it seemed that electronic technician positions were all closed. Very good. I wonder why? Well, eventually, I secured a job at Convair Astronautics. I hired in as an electronics [redacted] and they tried to put me on as an electrician. I am pretty good at obeying hunches; several times


- page 40 -

JANUARY 1958 SIGHTINGS (Cont'd)

CASE    DATE    LOCATION                OBSERVER           EVALUATION
34      11      Bering Sea, Alaska       Mil Vis&Rad        A/C

my life was saved during World War # by obeying instantaneously

hunches. A particular assignment x# I would have had resulted in the

death of an employee and a couple more badly maimed in an elevator

accident. After trying to shuttle me on an electrician job, I

balked. I was assigned to the guidance laboratory at Convair Astro-

nautics at Cape Canaveral. Here I worked for several weeks and

again I left this job for very good reasons. The reasons weren't differ-

ent from the same ones which caused me to leave R.C.A. In September

1958, with virtually no funds, having some of my

equipment left over from a previous business I x# opened a television

repair shop here in Lexington, Kentucky. Well, it seems that my

troubles still weren't over. Now, that I have given you a brief run

down of some of the jobs that I have held while working for Company's

who were

working for Air Force contracts, I will try to get down to business

and be as brief as I possibly can. First of all, I would like to say

that in WW 2 I was a First Sergent the last 18 months I was in the

service. I went x# in the service October 1939 and one month later


- page 41 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

was rated and turned to duty as a radio operator battalion technician.

Subsequently, I was a Corporal and a radio Chief of Section. Radio Chief of Section n through the Guadalcanal campaign. Spent 106 days in action there, and I do mean action. In the Americal Division, particular Field Artillery Battalion was attached to the First Naval x Division. Subsequently, I suffered five years of malaria.

And in 1942 I made arrangements to transfer to the Air Force, the Army Air Force it was at that time, and install the radio gear in P-38 fighters and see that all their equipment in the electrical line was ship-shape. But General Patch, who was my division commander at the time, later led the 7th army in Europe, beat the transfer down, and generally I was out manoeuvered until I was on a boat. So that is about as close as I ever came to being a member of the Air Force.

My experience as a pilot has been limited. I have about 245 hours log time. Most of that time was spent at flying and not joy riding.

Flying was something I always wanted to learn, I eventually learned it on my own. In handling a light aircraft, I can do pretty well. I have landed mud flaps, chopped out 3 propellers, made a number of emergency landings and a few things like this. But getting back, this is just all a little background getting back to the starting of


- page 42 -

JANUARY 1958 SIGHTINGS (cont'd)

CASE    DATE    LOCATION                OBSERVER                EVALUATION
34      11      Bering Sea

a lot of trouble and why I am contacting you. First of all, a thing that
burned in my craw for many years is the sighting of this UFO near
KINGS LANDING, CALIF. I have had a few years to fit ends together,
to talk to people, and Gentlemen, I know the story.

You know the story. Just how things are handled up at top level,
I don't know.

The rim-framing that goes on is something fantastic. Now the craft
that I sighted over KINGS LANDING, CALIF. did not belong to the U.S.
government. It did not belong to Russia. Since no other nations
were advanced enough to have aircraft of this size and category.

Then, if it did not belong to the Russians, and it did not belong to
we Americans, who did it belong to? It is very simple, it was a
space craft from outer space. Now whether you like this or whether
you don't, like it, the facts stack up. I don't care what your
reports show, I could write 500 pages, presently built up from that
initial observation. Now I'm not trying to make you tell the American


- page 43 -

Here is the text from the document:

people that there are space craft. Anyone with an ounce of intelligence knows that the whole American public, that is all these people what have reported these UFO's, can't, all of them, be crazy. / When you people are pressed, you will dig around and if there is any cockeyed way that you could beat a man's brains out and make him look super ridiculous. Now there is no point in me sitting here on a tape in a one way conversation and trying to argue with you about U.F.O.'s. Since that time five years ago, the American public has had some rude awakenings and I fear they shall have many more. Now any American, with a little common horse sense, knows just about how advanced we really are and all this sweet talk and pretty talk and what have you doesn't alter the facts of the case. Now, I did my duty as a citizen. I reported this incident. I was not even shown enough consideration to be called a liar, a fool, a crackpot, or what have you. Privately I have probably been called everything in the book! I always like to close quarters to with people who particularly like to smear me. I like to just verbally beat their brains out. And you haven't got any General, I don't care how many stars on him, you haven't got anybody with the voice, the psychic power or anything else, who can annoy me or alarm me.


- page 44 -

5. Mr. [redacted] address -
[redacted]
Lexington, Kentucky

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

2


- page 45 -

I have talked to various people and asked them, would someone, send someone to talk to me. I don't care how many photos you got at the time, how much data you got at the time, you had an eye witness on the ground, and a man that saw that aircraft in positions of maneuverability. It was an eye witness, not looking out of another airplane or what have you! Trained skilled people could have asked me questions that might not have been readily apparent to me, that I might have observed at the time. Now, when I went to work for R.C.A., incidentally I broke in a television business in Cal. in 1954, I, and I went down to Edwards AFB and tried to get a job but I never had any luck down there. But as fate would have it, this was 1955, this thing had to occur prior to that time. While I was down there looking for a job, I went to the intelligence and at Edwards and made a report of this. However at the time, getting this thing organized in my mind and what have you and if I could have talked to someone trained in handling these things, I could have gotten a better report at the time. But subsequently I did send in a detailed report. I might add I never did get any offers at Edwards AFB and I strongly suspect that you people had something to do with that. Now I am a


- page 46 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

veteran xm, a hard worker, and a damn good electronics man, just about as good as they come.

I don't know everything but I do have a capacity to solve

When I was hired by R.C.A. in 1956 I needed a job; I needed it badly, and I went to work for these people. I went to after my secret clearance came through. I performed my duties and --uh--while on my tour of duty, one of the first inklings that I had that you people were, had, more or less sort of put the

Indian sign on me, was when a security chief had had a few to many to drink. And, incidentally, you all remember the embarrassing situation when the Snark missile ran away to South America. We were forbidden to discuss the thing on the base eventhough we were not involved in the test. However it was on the news and in the news papers. So after it was in the news papers and on the news, well, there was a little conversation around. And the conversation came up some way or another, I believe that the R.C.A. manager Mr. Bozar was sitting there at the time and perhaps someone else and the security chief, Mr. Wilson, at that time, who perhaps had had a couple, made the remark that if a Snark missile finds it necessary to land here at


- page 47 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

sometime or another, or to be landed here, better not catch you down on the run way. And I said, "Well, I don't know why anyone would want to be down on the runaway. Do you mean me or do you mean anybody?"

He said, "I mean you." Well here was one of the first tip offs.

I learned instead of starting an arguement (years ago, sometimes it is wiser to listen and sometimes it is not always wiser to listen - We do not always know when it is wise to listen or press an issue.) Now

along about February of 1957 I came home to have some surgery done.

And the Veterans Administration (has per, m's usual) when you mess around with the government you get the business) but some of us people, I guess, are a little soft in the head we have been raised up to be loyal Americans we always come back for more punishment.

And nearly bled to death within a hair breadth. They did a good butcher job on me and I nearly bled to death within a hat breadth.

I had to be operated on a second time to stop the bleeding. As I say, I came within a hair breadth.

Due to improper post operative care, I had to get myself out of the hospital and go out to a civilian hospital and have this surgery all done over again. This is three operations for the same thing when it's nothing but a piece of butchery typical of service from the government.


- page 48 -

unfortunately, When I reported back to Patrick AFB, I went back to

Unfortunately I just went bx about a week too soon.

I got down there the Medicson duty would not give me

any assistance and after having gone through the

ordeal of having been operated on three times in about 30 days, I

couldn't resk being stuck on an island so I came back to the

mainland for treatment. So I took off for a few weeks and

back.


- page 49 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

How the Pan American knot head, Mr - uh - Doctor was in the middle of a controversy when the man laid on the pad out there for 40 minutes before an ambulance picked him up. Incidentally, a republican, mind you, wouldn't permit me to go back down range even though I had breech certificate from a recognized expert in the field of proctology and so I had to stay out my time, a 90 day waiting period and I went to school in the mean time, but when I applied for a passport a month went by and I got no action. Here again is some more the old delaying tactics I've already become familiar with.

My contact, my neighbor, my father's neighbor and ourlocal congressman, that is Congressman John Watts, and asked him to expedite my passport, which he promptly did. I was bawled out by some of the Pan American people when I suggested the idea and exercised my prerogatives as a free citizen, of a free country, I have a right to contact my congressman about a passport any damn time I get ready.

Of course this puts and Indian sign on me again. Heres a man who calls a congressman. Well I'm not mouthing the Air Force business around, a congressman John Watts as a matter of fact if you will ask him I have never done you people any harm. How when I went to Ascension Island the conditions were absolutely terrible, the morale was absolutely some of the worst I have ever seen in my life. Everybody was just living until the next plane could get in with some beer. There was nothing to work with, the supply was something that would have made any congressman's hair stand straight up. So working under severe handicap there, believe this or not, I took a big along a big couple of big cigar boxes of resistors and capacitators with me and my own tools and didn't even have tools in its bin thats another story. Without going into the waste and inefficiency and absolutely falsification of reports by the radio coorporation of America.

Now the way these people have treated me in the incident I don't care anything


- page 50 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

about their hide anymore. All I can say is this, that I put you people in
business as far as telemetry. I was the chief telemetry technician there and
for the first 6 months of operation test. I went down and in Aug of 1957 you
can say one thing for the 6 months that I was down there you people had nothing
but perfect telemetry data. Not only did you have someone who
put it there, kept the performance of that equipment exceeding specifications
being a radar in many cases even though they had decided to in many cases reign at
a disadvantage but you had someone there who was a watchdog better than if you had
a personal agent of your own only in the place to maintain security. When it
came time for me and my vacation I had not seen my children for three years
who live on the West Coast. This thing had been planned, the time promised to me,
RCA goofed off, had not arranged for relief personnel to be there on
schedule and so I waited over about 20 days. My sister that of mine that had planned
to take here vacation had this all worked out this all got messed up in the deal.
Now you back in October I believe it was late October a sister of mine committed
suicide at the Naval Base due there to a damn psychopathic Naval Petty Officer living
on a crummy naval base. The poor girl had more than she could take. Of course
at the time I did not know what had happened. I simply knew that she died.
Inasmuch as it was impossible to have gotten home in time. Inasmuch as
the conditions there were important I didn't leave even though I recognized
that it would have been a comfort to my mother and my family to have come on
back home anyway, but I felt since I couldn't personally make the funeral and
probably would have have declined anyway because I felt the importance
of staying on the job at that particular time since the Russians had surprised
the world with Sputnik I. It was important that I stay there now.


- page 51 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

12

I think when it comes time for a mans vacation and he waits for over 20 days when he has a legitimate excuse to leave, death in the family and he stays on the job evenmate about going home he has a perfect right to be.

Certainly 6 months plus on a burned volcanic island living on some of the early conditions under which we lived also is a very excellent reason for getting off the rock. As a matter of fact I'm not so x old I don't no like the women.

Of course we have a few characters around in some of the companies I don't know what they do like! I see that it_________ a portion of another tape is going to be required so I will briefly try to cover some x highlights and elaborate on them on the following tape. X

While on Ascension Island I was insulted a number of times in a ______ of ways which were of such a nature that they would have been tested with security people. We didn't never/any security people on the island. We simply had a Pan American Chief, A Fire-Chief, you might say a guard. Some of these were just about max more than a man could take. Some few people working for RCA and the Air Force, one or two Pan American people said some mighty insulting things to me.

I have been called dirty son of a bitch, traitors and everything else. Now x for a man who has xxxx served his country a man who has never been arrested or a man who has never been in trouble with the law these are some pretty rough


- page 52 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

13

things to say. You may rest assured that I did nothing to provoke the

incidents. In addition to this my mail was opened and tampered with. I have

conclusive proof of this as a matter of fact I have several exhibits of this, tape

one in particular. As a matter of fact I have a number of physical exhibits.

Now I went on my vacation and returned to Ascension

Island, the conditions there were absolutely intolerable. No man could have stood

up and took the things I took. And believe me it would take 10 or 15 tapes to

cover some of them. The company simply had a rule   If you strike someone no matter

what they have done to you, you are to be fired. Well can you image an old solder,

well not so old that an exbusinessman a _______ technicain, an ex First Sgt

having to take insults from a bunch of you punks particularly when I did nothing to

incur them. Now it is needless to say that a big portion was of the result of

activities on the part of the Air Force. Now this I can prove. Now subsequently

I went to work for Convair Electronics I went to work in the Gyro Lab guidance ______

______. While I was no expert at or why the guidance

I was able to pick up fast and was able to due to due duties assigned to me

12 particular turn tables and precision systems controlled mechanism as a part of

those particular unites with out going into names. If they all become

inoperational which means an engineer came in from the West coast and the subsequent


- page 53 -

Here is the text from the document:

k 14

decision was the equipment should either have to be rebuilt or better

when emergency would have to be designed and a crash program to have new equipment

delivered. The next tape I have tells you how I saved the government

$3,000,000.00 on this one incident alone and wha t my reward was for it.

END OF TAPE I


- page 54 -

The only legible text on this page is a small stamp or marking in the bottom right corner that appears to read "14-284".

The rest of the page is mostly blank white/gray space with some faint horizontal lines and curved markings at the top and bottom edges of the document.


- page 55 -

UNCLASSIFIED

B/A, HQ USAF, Hqtrs of Depot, Ogdn AF Sta., P. O. Box 710, Monterey, California, 
25-583, Subj: Unidentified Flying Objects

55 21-21-467
HEADQUARTERS 5TH DISTRICT O I (IG), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio   7 April 1955

TO:   Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
       ATTN:  ATIA-26

Forwarded.

1 Ind
w/o

                                                ROBERT W. JOHNSON, JR.
                                                Colonel, USAF
                                                District Commander

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 56 -

TAPE 2 OF 2 TAPES

This is number two tape of two tapes being made by [redacted]
and adressed to the Director of Intelligence, U.S. Air Force, Washington, D C.

At the end of the previous tape I stated that I saved the government
about three million dollars while working in the Guidance Lab for Convair
Astronautics. I had mentioned some machines. For some two to three weeks
while this engineer was in from the West Coast, I the same night that

I was unable to get to work on these specific machines and every little
detail that could be dug up would get me shunned to one side so as
to speak I was thought of or arranged. Finally there was nothing else to be done
including sweeping the floor, and my leader couldn't very well refuse to take
a crack inasmuch as he undoubtedly knew I couldn't find the trouble particularly
since a big genius engineer was there and he had already written it off as a
lost cause. Well having filled the capacity for a number of years to look at a system
and figure out the gyst, and uh really ugh to uh keep uh oneself in a position uh
to see things in a fairly good perspective. In other words uh a man who is off on
a mountain or up in a plane can see the forest pretty well. He is not engulfed
by the trees. So this is part of my philosophy in shooting trouble. Well having uh
uh familiarised myself with uh the particular machine uh I more than knew the gyst
of it and I might in less than two hours the trouble had been solved.


- page 57 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2x 16

A another fellow asked if it was uh alright to help me and I said certainly I would be glad to have you. I need to have someone help me pass equipment,holdwires out of the way and what have you. Now the trouble here was simply a tube believe it or not and immediately upon installing another tube a proper tube the machine began to work once it was readjusted. As a matter of fact it worked to perfection.

The statement was made "You mean to tell me this could be wrong with all those machines?" "If this is the symptoms on those other machines then this is true. Well some of the machines were in various stages of being torn down and uh uh it so happened that this was the trouble. Now whether this was sabotage I will say this if it was, it was a very cleverly planned thing see. But since the military and the military doesn't believe in decent tube checkers and old-timers have found out through the years that four or five hundred dollars can be saved by simply using some relatively inexperienced man with a real good tube checker to check tubes. Here's case when an expensive engineer would not have had to be flown in from the West Coast with a special assistant, his own.

when I first went to work in this department as soon after that this man was long and was criticizing the design of certain things I was was working on and of course nobody had told me who the person was. I he hadn't bothered to tell me himself so he asked for a few little barbs, I criticized


- page 58 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

17

the design of a few little things and he wanted to know how I would design it

so I like I say after I opened my big mouth I found out who I have

been talking to. Well mind six you the outcome of this whole thing was everyone

in this department was included in a letter of commendation which meant a pay raise

to them. My name was conspicuously absent. After I had embarrassed a big engineer,

see, of course the idea behind it was to do my job the very best I new how.

And certainly in the interest of the country. His simplicity in the interest of

the Air Force, now my reward for this was to be embarrassed in a number of ways.

little things that happened to me was that other people in the department were getting

plenty of over time, I was given no overtime and not being an inexperienced

technician I, as a matter of fact all my adult years have been spent in the electronics

industry even when I was a first sergeant in the service. A number of times I was

on communication assignments of other types of things. and uh here's a case

where I am not given overtime I find out that the people were going out to take

coffee breaks at the Line instead of going home and

simply going out for coffee breaks and going back on the shift. Some of these people

were making three or four hundred dollars and I might add that I saved the

government enough money to pay the whole damn department for a number of years. See

this is my reward. Well when I moved over to Contain Astronautics I had a special


- page 59 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

18

employee clock number over there like I had did at RCA. This is a rather conspicuous

thing, well I seen lots of clock numbers but I never heard of a man for as

a matter of fact there one of the wheels commented "We cannot let you go,

you have a clock number with four Aces in it". See, uh when I was

at RCA I had a clock number. Olllo and at Convair Astronautics I

can't recall without looking it up but I do remember it had four ones in it and

those were the only numbers in my employee clock number. You might say I had a very

special clock number. Such things are reserved for people of importance,

however, I certainly didn't want to be important in the light that I assume myself

to be. Now I would like to add that the

at Convair that showed me every courtesy and uh the people gave me a job,

A very good friend of mine is employed by that company. They have been nice to

him and I certainly do not bear any ill will toward

Convair Astronautics as a matter of fact I think they

are a very fine bunch of people but many of these things are on a local level and

there is little a man can do to fight back against it. Uh Everybody knows how

I have petty politics working and whose be for the man who embarrasses a man in

a position to hinder or help some body to get somewhere. Anyway I was trying

to have a job as a means of making a living and uh it uh it is a


- page 60 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

19

bit unfortunate for me sometimes that I can see so much but uh under the circumstances uh that it may have been very fortunate for the government part.

Thenthis Gyro lab and guidance lab now there could have been serious delays further taking of the Atlas and I feel personally that this may have been the case. I feel even personally that the uh uh this whole thing may have been planed as a piece of sabotage. to slow up the testing of the program.

These things uh over a period of time can grind big projects to a halt.

Now, when I worked for RCA some of the things that happened to me when I was on Ascension, I received calls trying to get me to take uh test leads and other things from the G Pan American Supply that have been turned in uh which I refused uh these people were quite insistent in wanting these things throwed away. This was some old bait in getting a man to take some salvaged government property and of course you are not going to catch an older soldier on a gag like that. These are some of the gags and tricks that were tried on me and it seems like some way or another or another in uh times like this that there always been some little inner thought or something


- page 61 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

20

that tells me what to do to side step these things.xmkxgx And try after try

was made on my last trip to Ascension to engulf or mess me up in something. Now it

was only after quite a number of these things happened that I decided in my

own best interest to get off that place. For example, a gun was stolen from

an airplane. Now I know about this even though it was kept quiet at the time

because after all you give the old soldier credit for being able to do a

little checking around when he is being shall xx we say gouged so xmxxxx

mercilessly. Now uh uh people on a rock that would go to the trouble of stealing a

gun from a United States military aircraft wouldn't hesitate one minute to use it

on people and I'm sure you will agree that this is true and of course uh a gun

like that uh there is no telling who it will be used on.

But the place got to be xxx stinking rotten there. We had personnel on that

base that would have had in my back supply room unguarded for a single minute.

How in gaxxxx the world people like this have got through security and was hired by

companies like RCA I will never know. Some of these people were technically out and

out psychopaths.

Now one statement was made, I believe this was somewhere around Dec or perhaps

Jan , of Dec 1957 or Jan 1958 uh uh uh uh or somewhere along about that time uh


- page 62 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

21

when uh a member of the RCA uh people there uh came up to me and said something about uh say hey a you listen to the radio and I said no I don't listen to the radio, uh he says well uh he says uh he says uhm is Senator Wayne Norris a friend of yours or something. I said, well uh I says, no uh why uh I don't even know Senator Norris. He says well he seems to be a friend of yours and I said what in the world are you talking about what uh what are you getting at. Well you mean you don't know Senator Norris. Well the only thing I know about Senator Norris is he is a very active Senator from the state of Washington. He's been known as a Maverick because he really digs into things and slaps back at them once in a while.

I don't have anything against the man and on the other hand I don't know the him . Well he shrugged his shoulders and walked away. He said perhaps maybe you don't. Well this is some more of this stuff well I thought this might be some more of this crap, see. Whats the world this man digging driving at. It was 1959 before I ever knew what the story was behind that. Now Mr [redacted] who is presently [redacted] of the Lexington Herald Heator Company used to be the general manager of the Lexington Herald publishing company and I might add a very good republican and a friend of Mr Eisenhower's uh I went to him and told him some of my problem in a sighting of this UFO. I was born here in Fayettville,Kentucky and Mr Watts here is in Lexington, Kentucky, Fayettville, County, Kentucky. Mr Watts told me that he would personnnally look into this thing ad see what could be done about it. Something wasn't right about it and I called Mr Watts and he asked me to call him in a couple of weeks when he got back from a Washington trip and so I don't recall whether at that trip he saw somebody or whether it was a later trip but about uh along about the time we were talking now he told me well somebody is going to call you and you will be


- page 63 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

22

pleasantly surprised and I'd just rather not say who is going to call

you, let them tell you at the timex and I dxx didn't know who he was talking

about I assumed maybe he was talking about the uh secretary the undersecretary

of the Air Force or perhaps somebody from Charlie Wilson's office uh something

xxx like this. I didn't know that he had talked to Mr Wayne Morris, I under-

stand they used to be on pretty good terms and I understand that he also was unable

to get anything on the report that I gave him and of course no newspaper man knows

that when you get no comment at all theres really something to dig into

their nose over the xxxxyears has told them. Now apparently uh maybe senator

Wayne Morris would eventually get around to taking a little dig into this and

perhaps this is where that xxx snyde bunch of remarks on Ascension came from.

In any case I had say that that xxx man had been in the Air Force,xxxxxxx

may have still be in the Air Force for all I know xxx but on the xxxx surface

he was an employee from RCA. Now I brought up a few little cases here just to

give you an idea. There is so many of them that I would suppose it would take

many xxx tapes to include them all and I feel this way uh about it uh you people

put theIndian sign on me along time a go you have smeared at me every way in the

book you uh have you might say cost me my employment uh you've dug back end


- page 64 -

and tried to find ak out if you can find anything in my past history with
whichyou really smear me abut the most you could find is that when I was
discharged from theservice that on my records and I have them, it says
one thing and on the military records it says that I was discharged for malaria
psychoneurosis. But since when has any man ever been judged of having
any mental disorder without having gone before a psychiatric board a or been
in a psychiatric ward for observation. I can assure you there is not one damn
thing to it.' If anyone cares to go through the records they will
will find absolutely no clinical record, in any way. The only thing I know is
there was a Jewish Major and from what I can find out probably a Communist
and further checking if I find out he is a communist I will hound him to
the day he hits the grave. Theres an argument that developed between him and
I and H I just told him what was what. As a matter of fact I told him about
a big fat bellied __?__, doctor sitting up and telling me what is
what.


- page 65 -

when MH I've been in the service through the war and he set back here

stateside.So apparently this is where some of the hatchet work was done.

But it has been my experience in life every time a man tries to

stand up for what's right and uh tries to stand up for uh his own rights

There's always somebody who wants to beat him down. But uh. But it's

been my findings that damn few and far between are the men or the agency

of the government body or anyone else has got the courage or the guts to

stand up to a man's face and tell him the truth. All try with the stroke

of the pen subtly or something underhanded way or hidden in back of

some office or behind military forces some where you would think with

the stroke of a pen that this shows great bravery. It shows nothing but

cowardness nothing more or less. Now, uhm, there was one other uh instance uh

I wanted to to get on here . Now as I have said previously I have been

smeared by the experts and when an amateur tried it tries it, it makes me

particularly makes me angry. One instance that I can think of presently

is a fast buck artist and a big republican who supposedly owns a villain

Vernazela perhaps where he is a maybe a neighbor of Rockefeller and


- page 66 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

AIRMAIL

19th District Office of Special Investigations
AF Depot, Box 310, Marysville, California
29 March 1955

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Director, Special Investigations
Headquarters, USAF
Washington 25, D. C.

1. [Redacted], Marysville, California, reported an instance of having seen a Flying Saucer.

2. [Redacted], Marysville, California, called at the Edwards AFB, OSI Detachment Office, on 7 March 1955 and advised that he was now in charge of having seen a Flying Saucer on 7 February 1955.

3. [Redacted] Furnished for Identification purposes an Honorable Discharge Certificate which indicated him to be a former First Sergeant, Serial No. [Redacted] and discharged November 1955 from the U. S. Army.

Additionally, [Redacted] was issued a Temporary Airman's Permit No. 637, issued 29 June 1952 by Civil Aeronautics Administration. At the present time he had approximately 115 hours pilot time.

4. He advised that on 7 February 1955, while at Knizels Landing, California, at approximately 1530 hours, he observed, while looking north, a jet aircraft at altitude over 20,000 feet flying in a southerly direction. He advised that the sky was very clear and that the aforementioned jet was leaving a very heavy vapor trail.

Almost immediately thereafter, he noticed a second and third jet flying parallel to the first. Jet and headed in the same direction. He then looked down toward the horizon and noted an unidentified aircraft moving with an approximate three miles distance, from a 2-3:00 o'clock position to a 4-5:00 position.

He stated that this unidentified aircraft was in a vertical and flying at an extremely low altitude. He was unable to identify this aircraft. He looked above this aircraft to the head of the jets proceeding overhead. He looked above this aircraft and noted four more jets already in the area. Almost immediately, the course of the jets converged and then assumed their original flight.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS UNCLASSIFIED


- page 67 -

The text on the page reads:

and uh Nixon's uh Villa's down there.

The page is numbered "25" at the top.


- page 68 -

Nixon villa's down there. Don't know about that. But this fast bulk artist was operating in California and it so happened that in a his trying to pull a fast ? on a TV station that uh because of uh my position in the television field at the time I stood in his way. He needed me.

And he needed my support to raise some loot. And he didn't get it. So I might add that he went to great lengths to try to smear and certainly helped in my financial downfall. Uh, this man limped away from that community minus two or three hundred thousand dollars and I suspect as time goes on that the uh treasury people uh will leave him hurting a lot more. Of course he made the remark one time that he kept that place down there in case he got to make a big haul he would have a place to go until ? limitations ran out. Another over the wire to speak.

This is a short tape and it appears that I will have to start recording on a third tape in order to get a little more pertinent information on this topic of general discussion.


- page 69 -

The image appears to be a blank white page with very minimal markings. There are two small curved marks at the top of the page, and a small rectangular stamp or marking in the bottom right corner. However, the text in the stamp is illegible due to the low contrast and quality of the scanned document.


- page 70 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

26

This is number three tape of three tapes being made by [redacted]

addressed to the Director of Intelligence, United States Air Force,

Washington, D.C. This is number three of a series of tapes.

The Large military organizations, uhm, are like large

corporations. They get into a position where they can control all of the

surroundings about them including opposition and competition. And there in

errors become part of the general overhead of the system. The inefficiency along

with it, And in our particular case the American taxpayer the American citizen

is the fall guy. He is the man that makes up the federal deficit.

The way of adding a little commentary on the Air Force is you people have shown

yourself to be auh a bit unreliable to say the least. But the modern Air

Force officers has a position that makes himself to be much as the

nites of old instead of riding a great fast white horse he is uh riding a

horse in the sky, an airplane. Now these particular these individuals fancy

themselves as the great crusaders out to space. When in reality they are but an

instrument of lobbyism, uh a great aircraft corporation, to say brother you

take care of us or you won't have anything to fly. You'll be out looking for a job.


- page 71 -

Well, uhmk. In this great land of our there is plenty for everybody.

Everyman, someway will find something to eat. And if he can't do any better he can go about developing the spiritual integrity of his soul and really acquire something in a lifetime. I'm not comparing myself to any great general or anything like that; but people who have never tasted defeat, have never been beat down to rise again to beat down again to rise again can never understand the wisdom that is gained from battle, whether it be physical or mental.

In my 40 years I have had enough experiences and some of them are quite hair raising. I suppose there is a good story in everyman's life but I assure you there are a number of good stories in mine.

Getting back to this uh particular Army thing that I was speaking about a few minutes ago, I remember when we first came back from overseas. We had malaria and maleria is one of the damnest things a man can ever be plagued with uh I shall suffer some of the effects of malaria for the rest of my days.


- page 72 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

28

Needless to say, damage to the liver, spleen and other organs of the body.

Our own medical people knew nothing, they were very ignorant about malaria

one man's food is another man's poison and one man's poison is another man's

food. So the medical people, so everyone fits into the system. You take,

if they say take medicine A you take medicine A no matter if your system and

mentally demands medicine B. So in the past I have become an expert on malaria

and I think I know a hell lot of more about it than most doctors. And where

did I get my information? From a collection of books uh, from a great an

uncle of mine who was very skilled and well known surgeon who was on the staff

doctor at Mayo Clinic. The particular book was written by the British surgeon

general in India. Some 50 to 60 years prior to 1953 when I was first severely

affected by malaria, and I remember a group of overseas uh overseas uh

veteran's all NCO's and officers uh uh were uh went up to a certain point

ward in the hospital, ward 26 xxx because I remember this. A Capt Goodenshaugh,

Goodendog, day, a Germany who managed to beat it out of Hitler's

army somehow came over here and uh uh was put into uh our own medical facilities

stateside. This Dr Cootendog uh went over uh like a ton of uh manure.

with American troops who had been overseas fighting. I can assure you that

to anybody who is sick that it is some kind of mental thing.


- page 73 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

29

News ?W

Well now if we want to get argumentive or real technical we want to go into pure metaphysics all things of the corporial senses have a mental origin.

Enough said there.

I am a bit convinced today that the incident out in Northern California of sighting aXXXX UFO of uh I would uh sometimes appreciate uh the fact that I had never witnessed this incident. But sometimes we have little to do with controlling the events of our lives. Perhaps I was there to be a witness much in/the same way as " ? " four hours before saw the Francisco Earth Quake of 1906 when aX XXXXX message was received with no origin. No correct filing system none the less stating that supplies and so forth is to be delivered to San Francisco. I believe this particular program is coming up on the Alcoa hour uh next week, or on this event of physic phenomena. In 1957 while I was waiting 90 days kprior to a reexamination/aXXX the Pan American uh medical director Mr uh Dr aXXXX's office . I rented a room from Mrs XXXXX,


- page 74 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

On Riverside Drive in Cocoa, Florida. I don't recall the exact address it is down here in some of my books somewhere Anyway the house was directly in front of uh the hotel uh there, the one down on the river the main one in Cocoa.

The name of that hotel is the Bebard. My home was directly in front of this.

Mrs was the wife of a sergeant in the United States Air Force.

Mr, I believe his name was, was in overseas. I happened to meet him at a later date. While there some people moved into the home uh a man and woman I believe their name was. They had two children, two small boys. Here again are these hunches. Something didn't look right here.

Those children's faces looked 2 vaguely familiar. Somehow they did not fit together as parent and children. Well I started spinning little wheels in my brain.

and thought thinking pretty soon I would get a clue and these children uh thye uh belong to the executed spys uh communist spys Julius and Ethel Rosenberg.

I could remember well from fitting everything/everything from newspaper accounts and what have you everything started jabbing. I told Mrs that I suspected that this was the sister of Ethel Rosenberg and her uh and the brother-in-law of Ethel who had adopted these children. A number of things checked uh for example


- page 75 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

31

I remember reading a particular newspaper account which this woman had hid a child somewhere up in the New England arearxmxmxn somewhere and there was litigates uh in progress in connection with it and uh it so happened that this woman had hid a child well in any x case I went the RCA security gate xd at Patrick AFB and reported this incident. And he told me that this was a bit outside of his jurisdiction and that this uh uh kind of uh thing would have to be handled by the FBI and uh I would come back in about four days uh he would tell me something. Well uh I went back in about four days and I got absolutely nothing. Uh I went back at least once or twice more. And I got absolutely no information. Well uh it is safe to assume that this type of thing that when you don't get a negative or nothing is said it is a positive. In other words I believe that it was apositive identification that I had the right people pegged. uh as a matter of fact after this I did a little investigation on my own. Now, I asked the RCA security chief what I should do. Should I move? Uh no particular reason for you doing anything. Stay where you are at. At the particular time x I was slated to go back down range a missile range but uh to Maguara and so uh several days after this I left for Maguana again. I uh absolutely got no where. I have discussed this with the FBI


- page 76 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

the uh resident agent here uh in Lexington and uh I have never gotten anywhere

on this thing so I uh can safely assume that it was the brother-in-law and

uh sister of Ethel Rosenburg and the two children. Uh moving into the home of

an Air Force master sergeants wife and a defense worker uh at Patrick AFB

Cape Canaveral on the Guided Missile Range .

This is a nice situation. The people may have been alright but then on the

other hand they may have been directed to

or

move there on the pressure of something to sort of contaminate me

a little bit so the security forces would be looking down my shirt.

Or if I haven't got enough trouble here is some more . I never saw these people

before in my life and I'll probably never see them again. These are the kind

of events that keep popping up. I saw things down in Trinidad didn't look good

to me at all personnally I think the hotel stopover point down there was

nothing but a collection of uhinformation collection point. Personally I don't think

much of your security on the range. But since Mr Eisenhower's brothers

son has a wheel in Pan American I see the connection. I mentioned inthe first

tape that after I came back here to Lexington Kentucky and opened up this little

television shop that troubles didn't cease. Well, one day I called up the resident

FBI agent the man in charge of the Lexington office which is from the Louisville


- page 77 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Spot Intelligence Report, dtd 23 March 1955, Subj: Unidentified Flying
Objects, [redacted] - Informant, File 130 Ch-333

Parallel course continued to fly in a southeasterly direction. At this
moment in a calm wind the unidentified aircraft, which some relatively
seen exhibiting a sweep wing configuration, as it rolled out of a steep
bank to a horizontal attitude. Diameter the unidentified object commenced
a vertical climb to approximately 1500 to 2000 feet. Informant further
stated that he heard absolutely no sound which was distinguishable. He
further advised that [redacted] witnessed this incident, approximately 12 seconds later he noticed a major line oblast, moving and
slightly ahead of the jets. This object was at least 3,000 or 4,000 feet
above the jets and giving a silky aluminum like reflection and moving in
approximately the same direction of the jets. Thereafter the object commenced
a dive at approximately a 50° angle, at which time it [redacted] lost sight of
the object for a few seconds. While looking in a southerly direction a short
time later he noticed the unidentified object continuing to perform what he
an altitude of 2,500 to 3,000 feet. He advised that this object resembled
a huge wing in a complete slip as it descended.

5. [redacted] stated that this object then slowed down and in a hovering
position [redacted] to move commenced to move slowly away from him
toward the south. As he watched the object move away from him it began
a vertical bank and rolled out to the horizontal and then commenced a vertical
climb. In conclusion [redacted] took an area like appearance again.
He thought was the same object slightly east and above the jets, which were
beginning to go out of sight. [redacted] estimated the total surveillance time
of the unidentified object was four or five minutes and the object was in
observation within its various positions for a total time of two minutes, while
in clear view in its various positions for seven or eight seconds. In conclusion
distinguishable power source, although the area around the trailing edge of the
wing seemed hazy and several blotted areas appeared therein.

6. ACTION: No action will be taken by this district. A copy of this
report is being made available to the Air Technical Intelligence Center,
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

ARTHUR T. CAMERON
Colonel, USAF
District Commander

[Distribution list and other administrative details at bottom of page]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 78 -

Office office maintained in the Federal building here in Lexington, a Mr Douglas Rotary. And I uh was uh reporting on the incident that I felt uh should be reported on uh it was nothing urgent and since I had not done it I decided I would uh call on Mr Rotary and report this little incident to the FBI which uh concerning something uh with Cape Canaveral, and the missile range, etc. and uh in the conversation I mentioned uh to the point of uh the phone uh ? conversation to pieces.

Simply by uh someone beating on the hook on another telephone. Well inasmuch what was being said as/uh something else is uh something that could have been said out on the open street uh wihtout uh any harm being done in anyway. uh I uh just backed up and kept talking until I had it said. uh These people worked this conversation over real good. Doing a lot of work on this I've got a clue as to where this could have come from. Now I have been annoyed here in the business. I have had the phone cracked and popped in my ear. I have had voltage sent down my line, uh fuses burnt out on the phone I have had dirty low down messages left down on my electronic secretary uh I have suffered a fantastic amount of nuisance and even some threats over the telephone. Now, in addition to that, after I came back up here I was


- page 79 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

34

it uh seems like there was more people girating mmxjfmxmxdtma around.
to have
For awhile I couldn't even go out to the tavern/ixn a beer without
and from what was going on I couldn't tell whether some of our own security
forces were giving me a good shadow job. Whether they were communist agents
or whether it was a combination of the two. I am inclined to think at this
time that it was some forces from both sides. Now uh this particularly annoying
since I don't feel that I am important enough to rate this kind of thing. There
uh was definitely was one bait trap here uh I did not take the bait
xdtx uh this uh situation was reported to the FBI and of course uh as is typical
of dealing with security people they tell one very littlex and are very little
comfort to someone. However, sometimes a person has no other place to turn.
I have been followed at times by cars, not recently, uh I have even uh
uh been uh more or less uh scientifically frisked to see if I was carrying a gun.
This this uh this there are so many things that happened. and I can't uh cannot
ximmymind
xxtxd separate them from things that ex were building up while I was working for
RCA. There was one particular person here that uh managed one New Year's eve to try to engage
gxtx me into a conversation I played them along uhaand them the uh conversation got
a xtxtxtxtxtxmat bit phylosophical and it got around to a certain point and apparently
there was a key in my personal philosophy xxtx that they wanted to know about.


- page 80 -

I still uh do not know who's agent this x man was However, thinking back a long long time I can remember this particular person. In 1944 circulating at Fort Hord, California in that particular area. Uh incidentally, uh there was a lot of activity out xxxx in those days. Commercial spys xx all xxxxx over the place.

I believe up to this point I have given a pretty good idea about what has happened- the happenings events, and I would like to use the remainder the remainder of the portion of this tape to add a little of my personal philospy a little of xxxx data about myself and give the line that I will follow from here on in in connection with the smearing tactics uh end shenanigans. First of all it seems that more than due times people have been interested in my personal philosophy.

Let me say that my people have been in this country since before the revolutionary war. A matter of fact the early xxxx came to Kentucky to take up a land grant as payment for services inthe revolutionary war. I hate communism with a passion. As a matter of fact very recently I completed the book by J Edgar Hoover 1958 edition, the title which is Masters of Deceit. The book is very good and certainly gives a lot of pointers to someone xx in evaluating times some of the things that have xxxxxxxxxxxx happened in their life. I rest assured that no communist has approached me openly.


- page 81 -

On one occasion in a liquor dispensary one man approached me and told me he was a communist and his name was reported to the local FBI.

Now, uh let me say first of all is that I've already said that I hate Communism with a passion. These people have one motive in dealing with us and that is to subject us if not by direct contact by subversion.

I am a free thinker, I permit no one to meddle my thoughts. So communism does n't permit anything such as this. I am a Christian, I adhere to no particular church. I attend occasionally some Protestant Church. Sometimes its a Christian Science Church, Sometimes its a Christian Church, I have attended Baptists Churches as long as it is a Protestant Church. I even studied metaphysics a great deal because I like to understand the science of religion. I think that in this day and age man needs to know a great deal more about himself and his origin, the origin of his beliefs and to me you show me the philosophy of the individual and I'll show you the key to the man.

I think that an excellent security check on people or to be engaged them in a conversation for a couple of g hours and I think that in sex doing gets the key the


- page 82 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

37

the jyst of their/philosophy and here's the key to the individual . Now, getting

back to this space business. and the and the seemingly start of some of these

things uh and one correction here uh I said in maleria in 1953 previously not listening

over back over this particular tape it wasn 1943 I'll correct that

date.

Speaking of this space situation some of the religious leaders,

particularly the Catholics, uh positively do not want to concede the fact that

people exist on other planets and other planes until they are forced to do so!

A pope will have to come up with some new answers . Now Catholicism

or any ism or religion should have no place in considering the military aspects

of trips into outer space or space craft of various types coming here to

reckon order the earth. And I think that these sky jockeys besides all the other

training they need they need training in the metaphysical field and even beyond.

So that the situations they might find themselves they will have the mentality

the personal philosophy the understanding of man's true nature , his reason for being

here, and this would sustain these people in moments of confusion and fear.

It is something to have a man's wool philosophy of life, the very thing

upon which he has built his entire life shaken out from under him.


- page 83 -

Here is the text from the document:

( 38 )

But again I say time has grown short. And these considerations must enter

into any eyealuation. The American people have a right to be posted

so that they will not be scared to death. An Army security man once remarked

to me in the early phases of this thing He asked me what I was trying to do,

scare the American people to death. Well I wonder what Sputnik I did

and all these other things. The American people are intelligent and

they can take what comes, what has to be handed out to them straight cold

turkey. I hoped that somehow or another that some of this difficulty

can be resolved. And that my ability to make a living to be a good American

is no longer interfered with, in any way if this does not happen til s

with much more information than what is on these tapes will be kicked into

the political arena. And well let it come out where ever it will.

I thank you for your time in listening, I hope that you will see fit to send

someone to talk to me. I thank you. Voluntary licenseing program in/Kentucky.

the state of


- page 84 -

The visible text on this page is:

February 1955
King's Landing
California

The rest of the page appears to be blank or too faint to read.


- page 85 -

Nicholasville, Ky.
July 21, 1955

Mr. John Witte
U.S. Representative 14th
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.

Dear Congressman Witte,

On July 23, 1955, I discussed with you the sighting of an unidentified aircraft and you proposed that I put the facts in writing and mail them to you in order that you then something concrete to present to the Air Force.

Hereafter, in this communication, I shall refer to the unidentified aircraft in question as "Aircraft X"

On July 3, 1955, near Knights Landing, California at random sunset time (5 minutes past total sunset) I sighted a strange "Aircraft X" in a sky track heading around 205 to 650 m.p.h. At first glance I could tell this was the New York (N.Y.) Courier (F102 & believe its call). It then showed some unusual & distinct features more with flying parallel but slightly staggered. Their kind of flying was from North to South. During my view was "Aircraft X" picking "Circles" or "Arcs" of "X" pattern that this aircraft of "X" appears to be more or less a large aircraft also "Aircraft X" appeared to be moving, Centering my view back to an arc while immediately picking up 4 more just approaching from right. Northerly direction. I was being busy from these tracks, moving to a deep 500 high at a certain 20 to 25 angle climb.


- page 86 -

