PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
Aug 55

2. LOCATION
Platte County, Missouri

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local     one hour after dark

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual   □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual       □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes   [X] No

6. SOURCE
civilian

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
[X] Other: Unreliable* rpt
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
over 2 hours

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
not reported

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Strange light moving up and down like rotary a/c. Moved forward and back, seemed stationary at times and then would move with tremendous burst of speed. Strange light came on and off at bottom. Fluorescent blue color, had lights on gate with what appeared to be windows giving off bluish then reddish glow. High pitched hum that could be felt more than heard.

11. COMMENTS
Overactive imagination, probably. Venus and Jupiter and Mars below the horizon could be after sunset through out the month of Aug 55. Case reported in letter form 1958. No positional data or manner of disappearance included. Case too old to investigate. Carried as other (unreliable report.)

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

This object was sighted Aug ## 1955 - About left or right up and was seen for about 3 hours, and was going up and down like a rotary type object, moved up for ward, and down, reversed. Moved so slow at times would hardly seem to move, then with a great burst of speed would move.

A strange light which would be turned off and on, come from the bottom. A fluorescent blue, it seemed to be played on the ground at different times.

If you are off a very high pitched hum, I'm very sensitive to high sounds, this humming increased my nerves, I felt the noise stranger than I heard.

This was in Platte County - Missouri

[Handwritten notes on side: 2/2 years, 0-6, Insuff. Data]

The document also contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a circular or disc-shaped object with additional notes about its movement and lights.


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[First line partially legible, but not fully clear]

Cleveland, 5 Ohio

I do not know what I saw but it was very strange
to behold!

[Note: There is a black redaction bar in the middle of the document, and some text at the top of the page is partially obscured or illegible.]


- page 3 -

