There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically an "UFOB INDEX CARD" filled out with details about a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE: 2 January 1955
2. LOCATION: Campus-West Kentucky Col.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1702Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D. Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: No
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Unk 4-5 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: Approached and then retreated (speed)
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Radar scoped formation, slightly diffuse, colored green with a slightly discerible [sic] under-trail, observed 4 to 5 minutes before disappearance.
11. COMMENTS: Further investigation was prompted to the above source, but little information was obtained by this action. Further investigation was recommended for this organization.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a handwritten report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following spaces to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may use diagrams, sketches, or statements which you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:

The handwritten text states:

"On the night of 5 Nov around 9.15 p.m. CST, two objects were observed between the witness and the South Star. They came in from the NW and passed over the witness on an apparent track of SE to NW traveling at an extremely fast rate. They appeared to be round and were glowing with a intense whitish light. As the came within 20 degrees of the witness position, the light became abruptly dimmer. They were observed for about 10 seconds and then appeared to slow down and pass from sight. The objects appeared to be almost directly over the witness position at their closest approach and were estimated to be at a high altitude, perhaps in excess of 20,000 feet."

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and extract the text from the document:

This writing appears to be a detailed description of a reported UFO sighting. It mentions an object that was sighted, described as a bright light or luminous object that had a tail or trail. The object was seen moving at a high speed and making various maneuvers. The report also mentions the formation of a group of objects or lights, and that the object(s) were seen by multiple witnesses. The report appears to be part of the Project Blue Book files, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate UFO reports.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"The night of 7-5-53 was a very momentous occasion. The observers, who included the pastor and his family, his daughter and her husband, four other adults, and the writer, watched for over 90 minutes a lighted object slowly move across the sky, hover, and then move off rapidly in the distance. The object was completely silent and was observed through binoculars at different times. It was definitely not an airplane, helicopter, balloon or any known aircraft. Its performance was completely beyond the capabilities of any known man-made craft at that time."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

PAGE THREE JESYQ 913

7. WEATHER AND WINDS ALOFT AT TIME AND PLACE OF SIGHTING
A. BOWLING GREEN KENTUCKYS 22:00CST SKY 2/8 OVERCAST VISIBILITY 12
MILES PRESSURE 1215.2 MBS TEMP 45 DEWPOINT 42 
B. SURFACE:
DEGREES/KNOTS 
DEGREES/KNOTS
DEGREES/KNOTS
DEGREES/KNOTS
DEGREES/KNOTS
DEGREES/KNOTS

9000 FEET
12000 FEET
16000 FEET
20000 FEET
24000 FEET
30000 FEET  

28
15
25
25
30
35

C. CEILING 32000 FEET
D. VISIBILITY 12 MILES
E. CLOUD COVER OVERCAST
F. THUNDERSTORMS NONE
G. HAZE
9. NONE
12. NUMEROUS C47 AND T33 TYPE AIRCRAFT IN AREA OF SIGHTING DURING THE 
THE PAST 4 TO 5 HOURS
11. OPERATIONS OFFICE MAXWELL FLIGHT SERVICE CENTER MAXWELL AFB ALA

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typewritten document page with the heading "PAGE FOUR JESQ 21s" and text describing comments about a report received at Campbell, Ky. from FBI agent M.S. Wallace. The text mentions that the report was originally received from Joe Henry and Ann Lynn. The document is dated 19/23/52 PER JESQ.

PAGE FOUR JESQ 21s

12. COMMENTS
REPORT RECEIVED AT CAMPBELL ATO KENTUCKY FROM FBI AGENT M.S. WALLACE. REPORT FROM JOE HENRY AND ANN LYNN ORIGINALLY RECEIVED SIGNED GOLINSRY END
19/23/52 PER JESQ

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a questionnaire for reporting unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed.
Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be regarded as confidential material.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? FEBRUARY 15, 1955
2. Time of day: 6:22 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? BOWLING GREEN, KENTUCKY, Campus of Western Kentucky State College
5. Estimate how long you saw the object: Hours 0 Minutes 5 Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Very sure b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Full daylight c. Hazy daylight d. Just at trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire about observations of an unidentified flying object. The text on the page is as follows:

IF you saw the object of NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Medium, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't remember

IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several blocks away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other ___

Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't Know; b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't Know; ...

Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No. If you answered YES, then tell what _______

Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No. If you answered YES, then tell what _______

Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?, b. Transparent?, c. Don't Know.

Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No for each)
a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass, e. Binoculars, f. Telescope, g. Theodolite, h. Other _______

- page 8 -

The image contains a diagram that appears to depict "Groups of Objects" and "Single Objects". There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

As an OCR system, the text I can extract from this page is:

"There were absolutely no sound a. Color A dark orange that seemed to have an inner glow.
18. The edges of the objects were: Circularest, Irregular
19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, how many were there? 8 or 10 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling."

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with handwritten questions and responses.

"20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, and show the changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about one's length?
a. Head of a pin 
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Half dollar
f. Silver dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:
a. Certain 
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type of material would you construct it? What would be its size? What would be its shape? What would be its color? What other characteristics would it have? Please give us a detailed description of how you would construct the object, including any apparence as the object which you saw."

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text.

Page 5
25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane
e. Other
26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other
27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten response]
28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. Southeast f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 
28.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), be explicit in the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___90__ degrees.
b. From horizon _62__ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North __75__ degrees.
b. From horizon __52__ degrees.

- page 11 -

The image contains three sketches:

1. A large sketch that depicts an object in the sky with a trail or explosion of some kind below it. The sketch is labeled with instructions about marking the object's position when it was first seen and when it was last seen.

2. A smaller sketch that shows a person standing on a road or path with a landscape in the background.

3. Another small sketch that depicts a landscape with hills or mountains in the background.

As per the instructions, I will not identify or name any humans in the image, but instead describe the sketches as requested.

Regarding the text in the document, the OCR output is:

32. The following sketch indicate that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve to show high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 12 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. This is a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document that contains only text.

34.1 CLOUDS (Cirlce One)
a. Cirrus
b. Cirrostratus
c. Cirrocumulus
d. Altostratus
e. Cumulus
f. Stratus
g. Cumulonimbus
h. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. Calm
b. Light
c. Moderate
d. Strong wind
e. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Hot
b. Cold
c. Cool
d. Warm
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No 
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I believe the object was some kind of an aircraft, possibly of a type not presently known to the general public. Its observed maneuvers and characteristics were suggestive of a vehicle of advanced design and capabilities, beyond anything I have seen or heard described in connection with standard types of aircraft.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with text fields for respondent information and responses to various questions about a UFO sighting.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 225 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
What is your present job? college student
Age: 17
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College three years
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2-8-55

- page 14 -

