Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
11 March 1955

2. LOCATION
Redwood Valley, Calif.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 12/00437

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian (GOC Observers)

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
three minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Southerly

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One, round, silver, object which sounded like a jet, but which was the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length was observed to be heading in a southerly direction, with "smoke" coming from it. The obj faded from sight after about three minutes.

11. COMMENTS
The fact that the obj sounded like a jet & the observer's descriptions fitting that of a jet, coupled w/ the fact that a B-47 type aircraft was observed in the area of sighting at approximately the same time leads to the conclusion that this sighting was probably the above mentioned a/c (B-47).

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☒ Was Aircraft
☒ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

Visible text on the document:

IN
24 MAR 1955 CG 57

INFORMATION

1. Actn
2. Letter g
3. File

"pyre"

Most of the text on the page appears to be illegible or cut off, with only fragments and markings visible.


- page 2 -

Redwood Valley, California, December 1955

The text on this page is largely illegible, with many words and sections obscured or unreadable. Some fragments of text are visible, but not enough to construct a coherent narrative. There are some blacked-out sections, and the document appears to be a typewritten report with multiple lines of text that are not clearly discernible.

The only clearly readable location information is "REDWOOD VALLEY, CALIFORNIA" near the bottom of the page, and the date appears to be from December 1955.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the UFOB Index Card:

1. DATE
22 March 1955

2. LOCATION
Redwood Valley, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 22/0902 March 1955

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. AIR-VISUAL

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 minutes

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One young driver, object which sounded like a jet but which was the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length was observed to be heading in a southerly direction, with "smoke" coming from it. The object faded from sight after about three (3) minutes.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation

COMMENTS
The fact that the object sounded like a jet and the observers' descriptions similar that a B-47 type aircraft was observed in the area of sighting, at approximately the same time leads to the conclusion that this sighting was probably above mentioned B-17.

AISO Form 5 (15 Oct 54)


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No Case Information Only
Source "Flying Saucer Magazine"
Source 417,INS SPACE'S MAGAZINE Mar. 1955 15¢

My second "sighting" occurred
from Lincoln AF Base (SAC), on
after 12th 1950 (if my memory of
the date is correct), about 4:30

I SAW A FLYING SAUCER

and 16th; (3.) I watched my object- about 25,000 feet. (I judged conserva-
while stationary for some ten minutes tively). It may have been circular,
inside without answering me, to an- came in from the north-northeast,
swer a query being put to him run- chasing it softly through the spot
ning parallel with my aircraft. Dur- where I had first seen it earlier, at
ing all this time I'm certain that that altitude the bomber at a runway
the light was completely motionless. heading).
That is "stone alive" in a common- It was recognizable as a B-47, could be
place term. I was so thoroughly con- mistaken for anything else. Its out-
vinced that made it seem, for a line was a perfect B-47 wings, jet ex-
second or two, to be alive, stationary haust, round air intake. One observes
as I stared for the office door. in a sharp contrast to the hazy dis-
The object then stopped again, as tortion of the wing, sun-light glint-
my vision adjusted to the ab- ing off its metal surfaces.
sence of the light, I saw what seemed
to be a solid, blue-gray object like a I told the members of my crew pool
large cargo-plane fuselage-wing I that a UFO can they marveled
think was dropping a sharp-edged somewhat. Two or three said they
drop's a rounded nose over its im- knew it.
mediate front third or its. I was look- My sighting's time was very early
ing to a sharp-pointed tail. There morning. I was alone in my B-47 air-
were 20 steps, and this of its ner- craft, about 25 miles north of Lincoln
pendicular position that I now saw. AFB.
There seemed to be a blue or toned- I "estimated" the "UFO" at not
down gray appearance (I thought) more than 20,000 feet. It certainly
great height. I could not realize its would have been flying about 300
full size, tho I got the impression it miles an hour. It was about 25 to 30
probably was a "small" or "large" miles north of Lincoln AF Base. For
the largest aircraft. what it's worth, it could have been 50

When I first spotted it, the ad- miles high. When would this be? I
jutant was looking the last (west) can't reference point.
side of the former lighted circle, and When I landed, I called the opera-
he was in barely noticeable motion. tions to measure it, for altitude.
But it accelerated steadily and went
in 10-15 seconds seemed to be going
let-to-faster westward. I can't recall
just what I judged to be a very
few miles. When I got normal to
the northwest of my position, the
object was gone.

I'm quite positive it remained so- low altitude. When I got normal to
litely motionless for at least 10 the northwest of my position, the
or 15 seconds, possibly longer. (I object was gone.
(1) looked down on my right (front)
side); (2) looked to where two or
three members were sitting toward
into a paint shed (they were too far
away to hear me over their own
racket); (3) I started, two or three
times, for the office door, 50 feet to
my right-rear, to call the others each
time stopping again to watch

Sincerely,
Gilbert J. Browner
1st Lt. USAF
Rtd/Res Agt.


- page 5 -

