There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

7 AUGUST 55 07/17002
CIVILIAN
ONE
VISUAL/RADAR (RV)
STATIC
NO
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

1 DATE - TIME GROUP: 7 August 55 0721700Z
2 LOCATION: Hobart, Indiana
3 SOURCE: Civilian 
4 NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5 LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
6 TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Optical/Visual (OV)
7 COURSE: Erratic
8 PHOTOS: Yes
9 PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10 CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11 BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Silver colored ball high in air. Moved around in field of illumination of Chicago skyline. No attempt to get photo or close observation. Object was at 9 o'clock and 10 o'clock position at various times as viewed through binoculars. Duration 10-15 minutes. No effort to identify or attempt to track. Case carried as insufficient.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of a document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page is as follows:

Hobart Ind
Feb 15 - 1965

Scientist in charge of outer space objects:

Dear Sir--

On 1955-Aug 22 about 11 A.M., we in our neighborhood saw a ball-silver oval bright in the sky. It could not have been a plane, for there was no sign of wings or tail with it.
Its movement was with no noise and moved very slow and disappeared in a chair and moved only as it as they could not move I Then when I was firmly traced and again contacted the object, this is what I saw and why I could not help it was view before, messieurs. I marked 7 x 3/4 7 x 10.

Over

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified aerial object. The sketch shows an oval-shaped object with various lines and shapes within it. The text accompanying the image describes the observer's account of watching the object, mentioning that the "ball went away going to the outside of me" and that the object was "very small around." The text also expresses the observer's belief that this sighting would be of interest.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

Back and forth the ball went staying going to the outside of me. It was a very small around and never staying any back and forth.

We feel this of an object would this be and what used for.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]
August 3, 1952

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
10 March 1955

Major Hector Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 3419
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

Enclosed is a letter which Dr. Hynek received quite some time ago, but when I have just now got around to writing to him, there was again mention of the incident to which Dr. Hynek suggests that it might have been a swamp gas. That is all the information as duration, appearance, size, etc. Not given.

Also enclosed is a copy of the letter which I sent to Mrs. _________.

Sincerely,
Kathy Boss

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s.

The text in the document is as follows:

10 March 1955

Mrs. [redacted]
Hobart, Indiana 46342

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

Thank you for your letter of 15 February 1955. Dr. Hynek is now in La Cruces, New Mexico working at the Smithsonian Observatory, but he has asked that I forward your letter to the Air Force. I am certain that they will be able to clarify your sighting.

Sincerely yours,

Katherine R. Foss
Secretary to the Director

- page 6 -

