PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: Fall 55

2. LOCATION: Melbourne, Fla.

3. SOURCE: [blank]

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: [blank]

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [blank]

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [blank]

7. COURSE: [blank]

8. PHOTOS:
□ Yes
□ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:
□ Yes
□ No

10. CONCLUSION: INFORMATION ONLY

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
This case was reported in March-April 1966. Since the actual sighting had occurred some time ago it is almost impossible to check it out. Also due to the time lag the pertinent data has probably become distorted. Therefore this case is considered Information Only.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

SOURCE: CRIFO Newsletter, 3 Feb 56

11 Aug 55
Lawrence, Mass

FLAMING OBJECT BASHES HOLE IN SIDE OF HOUSE

Case 129, Lawrence, Mass., Aug. 11, 1955—Possibly related to the "meteoric" cases mentioned above is an incident reported by the Lawrence Evening Tribune, which reads: "Coming out of the city a short after 1:30 p.m. Thursday and made a good sized hole in the house, not yet identified, struck the side of a house occupied by Mr. and Mrs. Bel Benard, shortly after 1:30 p.m. Thursday and made a good sized hole in the house, with a shattering of wood around it, before it fell to the ground.

Sergeant Philip D'Addeno at police headquarters was notified of the occurrence by Edmund Rickard, whose wife was a witness to the object arriving, the house, and causing their squads were sent to the scene to investigate. Mrs. Rickard stated that she was on her porch shaking out a mop when she saw the object come hurtling through the sky and hit the back of the house. A resounding crash, after which it fell into the yard. Mrs. Rickard identified the object as being as big as half a manhole cover and said that it made a hole to the side of the house about 6 inches below a flue with a shattering of wood around it.


- page 2 -

Information Only
Source: CSI Bulletin # 20, 25 July 57

21 August 1955
Chalmette, Louisiana

LOUISIANA WOMAN FRIGHTENED BY LENTICULAR DEVICE

August 21, 1955: At Chalmette, Louisiana, Mrs. changed to look out of her window just after midnight on August 21, 1955 she saw, much to her astonishment, a low-hovering object about the size of a plane, a block and a half away. Rotating slowly, it was a glowing white, as clear as the full moon and appeared to be a solid object. The glow was bright and even, and the edges were clearly defined. It looked like two soup plates put together, but rounded at the top and bottom. There was a rim encircling the outer edge.

The night was dark and the sky clear; the weather warm and dry. After watching the object for about ten seconds, Mrs. saw it move to the south, then turn up on edge and shoot away at high speed (a typical maneuver). She described the phenomenon as "very pretty and very frightening."

The information was obtained from the witness by of New Orleans, in correspondence. writes: "I am thoroughly convinced that it was an honest report. I questioned her thoroughly by mail and by phone and got her to be a careful publicity seeker, and a hoax seems unlikely because of the non-sensational nature of the report, and the unwillingness of the observer to discuss the matter freely. Our correspondence ceased abruptly when she asked me what it was, and I suggested that it might be a spaceship."

An additional note of perhaps some significance concerning her report is that not only did the incident occur on the same date as the Hopkinsville, Kentucky, "landing," but the object as described by Mrs. is almost identical to the object described at Hopkinsville. (The two towns are approximately 500 miles apart in a straight line.)


- page 3 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                26 Aug 55
SOURCE: CIIPO Newsletter 4 Nov 55                                  Long Island, N Y

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to the poor image quality, but appears to be a news article about an incident involving a plane crash. Some words and phrases can be made out, but a complete transcription is not possible without guessing.]

The document appears to be a photocopied news clipping with significant image degradation, making full text extraction challenging.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

These figures are not accurate and the data on the sightings are far too inconclusive to be of any real value, except perhaps in the chance that someone else in the same vicinity, but with a better vantage point, had the opportunity to observe the same object with greater detail. Even if this would be the case, chances are that such an observer would fail to record the sighting with any authority.

One thing I have failed to do is to check with the weather bureau on the ceiling for that date; by doing so we could determine that the object was not below such-and-such altitude. I have made half an attempt to do so, but one party referred me to another and I become easily discouraged with this type of merry-go-round.

Although my brother failed to see the object, he was convinced that I had seen the reflection of the setting sun off the fuselage of a high-flying jet. I would be inclined to agree with him but for two points: a) the object was flat white and very definitely not reflections and b) the absence of any sound makes the jet explanation questionable, unless the winds were such as to eliminate the sound from my position.

Outside of a few sightings of "Nocturnal Meandering Lights", this is the only time I have observed what might possibly have been an UFO; if the data on many of the other cases were no better than mine, I'm afraid we would be forced to label the subject "JUNK", as does the astronomer Royal, Sir Harold Spencer Jones.

But as in the former case mentioned above, I find myself extremely perplexed as to the limited witnesses involving sightings over the metropolitan area. Either one of two explanations must be considered: a) the observer(s) suffer(s) from subjective hallucination or b) people just do not look at the sky in New York City. Your views on this would perhaps be most enlightening.

I want to thank you again for your interest. If you might be able to add any further information to the above mentioned cases for our own records, we would be greatly appreciative.

Yours very truly,

Research Section
Civilian Saucer Intelligence of New York
New York 28, N.Y.


- page 5 -

HEADQUARTERS
4602d AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON (ADC)
ENT AIR FORCE BASE
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

AISOP

SUBJECT: Civilian Saucer Intelligence

To:   Commander
      Air Technical Intelligence Center
      ATTN: AFOIN-1EL
      Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
      Dayton, Ohio

1. Forwarded for your information and action is a letter
received from Mr. [redacted] New York City, New York.

2. This correspondence was forwarded by Headquarters,
Eastern Air Defense Force, and apparently is one of many such
inquiries received from this saucer "enthusiast" by EADF.

3. We will advise EADF to forward all such correspondence
directly to ATIC upon future receipt.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
RICHARD B RANDLE
Major, USAF
Assistant Adjutant

1 Incl
Personal Ltr
fm Mr [redacted]


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

STAMFORD, CONNECTICUT
New York 28, N.Y.
Sept. 11, 1955

Col. Margaret J. Steele
Director, Public Information
Eastern Air Defense Force Hdqrs.
Stewart Air Force Base
Newburgh, New York

Dear Col. Steele,

I would like to thank you for your kind reply of August 13 in answer to my letter to you of August 8.

The following report of an UFO over the city came to my attention last week. On July 24, sometime between 7:45 and 8:50 p.m., Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] were walking in Riverside Park near 107th Street. Mrs. [redacted] called attention to a long, silvery object high in the sky above the Hudson River. It was moving quite slowly at first, then sped rapidly and gracefully to the south like "a very straight silvery stick." The apparent width was less than the full moon and the length was equal to that of 8-10 full moons placed side by side. They are German and I questioned Mrs. [redacted] at length. I had some trouble trying to determine exactly what she meant in her descriptions; she said that although it was extremely shiny, it wasn't like silver or aluminum, but "in between." I presume she meant that the object had some sort "luminosity, though she didn't seem to be sure what I meant by this. She was uncertain as to the exact shape and likened it only to a "silvery stick." When asked for details about the two ends of the object, she could not give a satisfactory answer. Her description varied rather abruptly from his wife's; he said the object appeared to resemble more of a long oval. However, when asked if it resembled a long cigar, his answer was negative. He was under the impression that the object was stationary in the sky. Before I am satisfied with this observation, there are many more questions to ask the witnesses. Mrs. [redacted] remarked that the most interesting thing about the sighting was the fact that a plane, approaching New York from the west, passed directly over the object and they felt that the crew of the plane must surely have seen it. With the [redacted] was an elderly friend, Mrs. [redacted], of the same address. She also witnessed the phenomenon but, as yet, I've had no chance to question her.

The following report is of very little importance, but I include it simply for the record.

At approximately 7:15 p.m. on Sunday, August 13, 1955, I was sitting on the back porch of my brother's apartment at [redacted], Stanford, Conn. High in the sky, at about a 65-70° elevation and roughly 900 of azimuth, I saw a small white round object moving in approximately a southeast heading at a steady rate of speed. The object was circular and flat white, as clearly as I could make out, and was about one tenth the size of a full moon.

I watched the object for several seconds as it passed above the clouds and disappeared momentarily from view. Calling my brother to the porch, I watched it reappear and tried in vain to point it out to him. By this time it was dwindling to a speck and when I lost sight of it, it was about 40° above the horizon in the general area of the southeast quadrant. I estimate I was able to follow it through about 30-40° of arc in a period of about one minute.


- page 7 -

UFO STATISTICS: (Continued)

1.1 UFO Reports From Foreign Countries

a. Balloon - - - - - - - -
b. Aircraft - - - - - - -
c. Astronomical - - - - -
d. Other - - - - - - - - -
e. Insufficient Data - - -
f. Unknown - - - - - - - -

Total:

Number  Percentage
7       20.4%
4       17.4%
3       13.1%
2       6.5%
6       26.1%
1       4.8%

23      100%

Foreign UFO sightings are generally difficult or impossible to thoroughly investigate, or evaluate towards some firm conclusion. They should not, therefore, be considered in any statistical breakdown, which primarily concerns itself with sightings within the continental USA.

5. UFO Sightings Reported Directly to ATIC by General Correspondence (From Non AF Sources, General Public - Category IV Reports) 1 Jun 55 - 31 May 56

[The rest of the document contains a table with columns for Month, Location of Sighting, and Conclusion of Evaluation, listing various UFO sightings in different locations across the United States during June, July, and August 1955.]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

c. UFO STATISTICS: (Continued)

4. UFO Reports From Foreign Countries

a. Balloon - - - - - - - - -
b. Aircraft - - - - - - - - -
c. Astronomical - - - - - - -
d. Other - - - - - - - - - - -
e. Insufficient Data - - - - -
f. Unknown - - - - - - - - - -

Total

Number   Percentage
7        30.4%
4        17.4%
3        13.0%
2        8.7%
6        26.1%
1        4.4%

23

Foreign UFO sightings are generally difficult or impossible to thoroughly investigate, or evaluate towards some firm conclusion. They should not, therefore, be considered in any statistical breakdown, which primarily concerns itself with sightings within the continental USA.

5. UFO Sightings Reported Directly to ATIC by General Correspondence, (From Non AF Sources, General Public - Category IV Reports) 1 Jun 55 - 31 May 56

MONTH       LOCATION OF SIGHTING           CONCLUSION OR VALUATION

June 1955   South Bend, Indiana            Other
            Cincinnati, Ohio               Insufficient Data
            Wichita, Kansas                Balloon
            Dayton, Ohio                   Probably Aircraft
            Dayton, Ohio                   Balloon
            Havertown, Pennsylvania        Probably Aircraft
            Dayton, Ohio                   Balloon
            Long Beach, California         Insufficient Data
                                            Unknown

July 1955   Paris, Illinois                Astronomical
            Dayton, Ohio                   Possibly Astronomical
            Dayton, Ohio                   Possibly Balloon
            Cincinnati, Ohio               Possibly Balloon
            Ochlochee, Georgia             Balloon

Aug. 1955   Nicholsville, Kentucky         Aircraft
            Cincinnati, Ohio               Possibly Balloon
            Dayton, Ohio                   Probably Astronomical
            Sonora, New Mexico             Balloon
            Park Ridge, Illinois           Balloon
            Cimarron, New Mexico           Other
            Dayton, Ohio                   Astronomical
            Stroudsberg, Illinois          Astronomical
            Cincinnati, Ohio               Balloon
            Rio, Illinois                  Unknown
            Bedford, Virginia              Aircraft
            Dayton, Ohio                   Possibly Balloon
            Temple, Texas                  Aircraft
            Lake Village, Indiana          Astronomical

4


- page 9 -

Folder #1

AUG 1955 SIGHTINGS
31 - 15

NUMBER   DATE    LOCATION
1        29      Hermosa Beach, California
2        27      Burbank, California
3        26      Paisley, Oregon
4        26      Muscatine, Iowa
5        26      Portland, Missouri
6        26      Chicago, Illinois
7        26      Pattillon, Nebraska
8        25      Green Bay, Wisconsin
9        24      North Branch, New York
10       24      Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
11       23      Arlington, Virginia
12       23      Sacramento, California
13       22      Madrid, Spain
14       23      Cutleville, Michigan
15       20      Ishpeming, Michigan
16       19      Seattle, Washington
17       18      Seattle, Washington
18       18      Alhambra, California
19       17      Las Vegas, Nevada
20       17      Roseville, California
21       17      Newport Beach, California
22       17      Hollywood, California


- page 10 -

CONFIDENTIAL

Hqs 4602d AISS AISOP Subj: Monthly UFOB Summary Aug 55

Investigative Efforts (cont')

INVESTIGATIVE UNIT    LOCATION OF SIGHTING    CONCLUSION
(1) Flight 3-A       Beloit, Wisconsin       Was Astronomical/Meteor
(2) Flight 3-A       Green Bay, Wisconsin    Hoax
(3) Flight 3-A       Arlington, Virginia     Unknown

b. In addition to the above, two (2) limited follow-up investigations were conducted by Headquarters, 4602d AISS by means of ATIC Form 164 (U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet). After analysis of the above form returned by an observer of a UFOB sighting in the Las Vegas, Nevada area, it was ascertained that the observer was entirely unreliable. ATIC Form 164 sent to the observer of a UFOB sighting at Akron, Ohio, has not been returned to Headquarters for analysis.

c. The four (4) investigations which were not concluded at the time of the July UFOB Summary have been concluded with results as follows:

INVESTIGATIVE UNIT    LOCATION OF SIGHTING    CONCLUSION
(1) Flight 1-C       Chine Lake NAS, Calif.  Unknown
(2) Det 3            Pego Park, New York     Searchlights
(3) Det 2 & Flt 2-A  Shelby, Iowa             Possibly Balloon
(4) Hqs (Form 164)   Holt, Florida            Witness Unreliable


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Blank line for response]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other [blank lines]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know - with "No" circled for all questions]


- page 12 -

AUG 55 SIGHTINGS
Folder #1 (Contd)

NUMBER    DATE    LOCATION

23        15      St. Paul, Minnesota
24        15      Wadena, Minnesota
25        15      Klamath, Oregon
26        15      London, England


- page 13 -

AUG 55 SIGHTINGS
1 thru 14

FOLDER #2

NUMBER    DATE    LOCATION
1         14      St. Paul, Minnesota
2         13      Beloit, Wisconsin
3         13      Battle Creek, Nebraska
4         12      St. Edward, Nebraska
5         12      Near Pinecastle AFB, Florida
6         12      Beloit, Wisconsin
7         11      Iceland
8         11      Cornellis, Oregon
9         11      Glenwood, Iowa
10        10      Levelland, Texas
11        10      Albuquerque, New Mexico
12        9       San Diego, California
13        9       British Columbia, Canada
14        9       Akron, Ohio
15        8       Akron, Ohio
16        8       Saginaw, Michigan
17        8       Rochester, New York
18        4       McDonald, Pennsylvania
19        3       Malden, Massachusetts
20        3       Charlotte, North Carolina
21        2       Fresno, California
22        2       Danville, California
23        1       San Diego, California
24        1       Rialto, California


- page 14 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
FALL 1955

2. Time of day: [blank]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other [blank]

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Melbourne, Fla.
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
[blank] Hours [blank] Minutes [blank] Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [blank]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes [checked] No [unchecked]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:
a. Bright [checked]
b. Cloudy

NIGHT:
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right
             d. To your left
             e. Overhead
             f. Don't remember [checked]

Top of page notes:
J.W. Doyle
O.D. 12 MAY 66


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   "5000 ft altitude"

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other ________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

"Guys Observer is familiar with temps ...it this way. It was either shaped with lights in the window."


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
"About a hundred peoples."

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Street [redacted] Huntboro City Zone [redacted] State Ala

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
"15 years service retired AF reserve."

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
10 MAY 66
Day Month Year


- page 17 -

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None - no apparent propulsion
b. Color:

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten notes on the sketch: "city or shape", "light or windows"]


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    10    MAY    56
    Day         Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I find it difficult to associate the thick-tongued delivery, imprecise description, and bad grammar used by this observer with a typical A.F. Captain.

I feel that his report was influenced by the UFO program he said he watched on TV.


- page 20 -

FLAMING OBJECT BASHES HOLE IN SIDE OF HOUSE

Case 129, Lawrence, Mass., Aug. 11, 1955—Possibly related to the "meteoric" cases mentioned above is an incident reported by the Lawrence Evening Tribune, which reads, "Coming out of the sky in a cloud of smoke, an object not yet identified, struck the side of a house occupied by Mr. and Mrs. Bernard, shortly after 1:30 p.m. Thursday and made a good sized hole in the house, with a shattering of wood around it, before it fell to the ground.

Sergeant Philip DiAdamo at police headquarters was notified of the occurrence by Edmund Rickard, whose wife was a witness to the object striking the house, and cruising car squads were sent to the scene to investigate. Mrs. Rickard started that she was on her porch shaking out a mop when she saw the object come hurtling through the sky and hit the back of the Bernard house. She said that it came through the air in a cloud of smoke and hit with a resounding crash, after which it fell into the yard. Mrs. Rickard identified the object as being as big as half a manhole cover and said that it made a hole in the side of the house about eight inches by a foot, with a shattering of wood all around the hole..."


- page 21 -

