PROJECT 1007 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 9 March 1955
2. LOCATION: Paris, Illinois
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: Local 5:30 PM
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: SW to NE
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Source claims he observed a flying saucer kidnap a jet plane out of the sky. The saucer came out of SW, swallowed the a/c, then hovered up and down; pulsated, whirled, spewed vapor from its bottom portholes, and disappeared to the NE. The UFO was reported as "very big, ball-shaped, and bright silver."

9. COMMENTS: Request for formal investigation made to 4602 AISS, in view of publicity given this sighting by a nr. of private UFO research clubs. Rpt indicates, in part, "Source is completely unreliable." Witness frequently sees this obj. Sighting attributed to hallucination or other psychological cause.

12. CONCLUSIONS: [Checked box for "Other: Psychological"]


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: [partially illegible text]
    b. Color: [partially illegible text]

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is present, but the details are not clearly legible]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

    c. Other: [blank line]

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Bottom of the page is blank]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object exhibited. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
Have no idea of its real size

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit - Very large
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object disappear from view? By drifting away

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Am sure it was a good year mile of this craft. I have no idea of the material it was made of. The above mentioned picture should do very nicely. I took this picture just to see if there was a confusion - there was.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 4 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on this curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
10-15     1953
Day        Month        Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Text is obscured by black redaction]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Handwritten text partially illegible]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text partially illegible]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 6 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [partially legible]

What is your present job? [partially legible]
Age 43   Sex male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school 8
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
    (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
13   3   1956
Day  Month  Year

Page 8


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of this event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: March 13, 1956

As already stated on March 9 1955 at approximately 5:50 P.M. I continued the plane mapping a jet propelled plane while standing in my back yard and at home at Paris, Illinois. This plane was coming toward me from the southwest westly crossing in a north-eastern direction. As I stood watching this plane an unmarked craft commonly called M.F.O. came from behind the plane at just swallowed it as I had an opinion that was in my line of vision and through this opening it went into the plane. A few seconds later it came out on the other side of this plane a time of this.


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 10

I'd proceed to write or state emphatically quickly reference. While I may change a few gyro months or steps.

That holds an extending article the last few. The planet craft were in perfect view - the sun had offset well below the horizon and the light from the sun made both plane & craft stand out as clear in the sky as my drawing on this page. & very curious & have tried in vain to find out more about call this that have been unable to do. My actions were not what I would still do - not want to know. I would like to know more about the 3 field well-defined obscured flight like it for several years. I fact wondering about them before flying 6 am. I still see either this craft or one similar. I could not send a report & maintain all I have seen of facts.

Respectfully, I pen
[Signature area blacked out]


- page 9 -

August 15, 1956

ATC 308890

Major Joseph L. Pavesick
Park Ridge, Illinois

Dear Sir:

Please find enclosed photograph as per
instruction.

Respectfully yours,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Excerpt from "Texans' Viewpt"

... possible so that our world could know we have powerful friends
in the heavens above ... friends who are here to aid all men!
We were young men in a big city ... the biggest in the world,
in fact. Yet, that didn't make any difference to the communicating
UFO. Did they actually pick up our thoughts through the use of
telepathy, or did they use highly developed remote controlled
"scanning" devices? We didn't know the answer to that, but we
did know that they heard us!

The UFO PATROL NETWORK will be very active this Fall
when Mars comes close to Earth once again. You amateur astronomers and radio operators get together and do all in your power
to contact the space visitors. This is the psychological time, so
make the most of it!

No matter where you live ... big city, industrial area, small
village, farming community, desert or mountain top ... the UFO
CAN HEAR YOU!

See Daytime File, Aug. 55.

UFO News Report
By THOMAS M. COMELLA

EXCLUSIVE-TRC STUDIES AMAZING COLOR PHOTO
OF UFO! TRC is now examining one of the most conclusive UFO
photographs ever taken! It is not photographic detail which makes
it stand out from other authentic pictures. It is the fact that the
UFO involved is shown on a color Kodachrome slide.

The photographer was talking with his parents at approximately 9:30 p.m. in late August, 1955. He had his Kodak Pony
camera Model B, 35 mm. with him. Suddenly, approaching from
the south, they all saw a brilliant glowing object. It moved toward
the north and followed a horizontal trajectory. At its nearest point
to the observer, the photographic look of the picture.

Since the object was not too large in the sky, it was generally
agreed that the film probably would show nothing. However,
when the slide was returned from the processing laboratory, a remarkable reproduction of the object was present. The object was
just a blue-white dot when it was observed with the naked eye. The
trail behind it was a deep blue color. When observed with a magazine-type glass the object takes on a definite disc-shape with a surrounding blue glow!

The disc involved is certainly not a light from any airborne
object. The observer heard or saw nothing except the brilliant
light in the sky. After studying the photo for a period of time, it
is realized that the only possible known object that could account
for such an image is a meteor.

However, meteors usually burn out in full view of the observer,
but this object didn't. Also, meteors follow curved trajectories

[Page number 14 is visible at bottom of page]

There are some handwritten notes at the bottom of the page that are partially illegible.


- page 11 -

The text reads:

The [redacted] case has me puzzled--suspect a psycho here.

[Redacted] Case: Request made to 46024 to investigate this "saucer swallowing an aircraft", now reported by two UFO societies. Basis for our thought is that the observer still sees the saucers, although the original sighting is a year old.


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

toward the ground, but this object followed a horizontal trajectory.
Meteoric speeds are so fast that ordinary cameras will not stop
their motion. Even astronomical cameras are not capable of this.
Photographs of meteors merely show a straight line on the film.
The object in question was obviously not traveling at meteoric
speeds because the simple Kodak camera stopped its motion!

Also, the observer states that all witnesses watched the object
for a long time in order to get a good look at it and photograph it.
In such a length of time any meteor would be far gone and, if by
some fantastic chance the observer did get a photograph of it, the
meteor would only appear as a thin, white line and not a blue-
white disc!

Study of this unusual photograph is still underway. A tele-
vision photo expert has informed TRC that in his opinion, the ob-
ject is an authentic photograph of some kind of space craft moving
through the Earth's upper atmosphere at incredible speed. Physi-
cists have decided that the strange trail or tail could be due to
ionization of the atmosphere.

At any rate, the photograph remains one of the most conclu-
sive pieces of evidence of extra-terrestrial visitation!

OBSERVER REPORTS JET PLANE "THEFT BY UFO!"
Mr. Eugene Metcalf of Paris, Illinois, has sent TRC complete par-
ticulars on his reported sighting of March 9, 1955. This sighting
involved the "theft" of a jet plane by a "flying saucer!" The fol-
lowing are Metcalf's own words: "On March 9, 1955, at approxi-
mately 5:30 p.m., I witnessed the plane-napping of a jet plane
while seated in my backyard at home in Paris, Illinois. The plane
was coming towards me from the southwest and was traveling in a
northeastern direction. As I stood watching this plane, an addi-
tional looking craft came from behind the plane and just swallowed it
The UFO had an opening that was in my line of vision and through
this opening it took the plane. After this, the object hovered and
quivered or churned up and down, then it seemed to whirl and lifted
upwards. While going through these gyrations, vapor came from
northhole-like openings around the bottom part. The plane and
UFO were in perfect view and stood out clearly against the sky.
The object was a bright silver and I heard no noise. The UFO was
very big and bell-shaped."

Mr. Metcalf's story is certainly an amazing one but there have
been other "plane-napping" sightings in the last few years.

OTHER TONGUES - OTHER FLESH . . . This new book by
George Hunt Williamson will be off the press any day now and is
being published by Ray Palmer of Amherst Press ($4.00). It's a
large book - 400 pages with photographs and illustrations. In-
cludes containing photos of the Venusian footprints of Nov. 28,
1952, it attempts to make one "picture" out of all UFO experiences.
The book will give you an entirely new idea of space visitation!
Order directly from TRC!

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page]


- page 13 -

2 ONLY SNAPSHOTS
OF "CALL BELL" UFO
OF PARIS, ILLINOIS
SIGHTINGS


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Call Bell - the likeness quite
well switch. Jep Plane March
9 - 1955 at 5:67 P.M.

Fla. 11.7.0 now I receive
some what better. When this
bell. Knows this is very
good. Likeness.

300370

*24 Here is as good a picture of U.F.O.
as my we could write. This
almost exactly the one I have
written about.

[The document also includes two hand-drawn sketches of what appear to be UFO shapes]

This craft will certainly
not seemed to know that this
plane was much faster.


- page 15 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Top image handwritten text:
"Picture B a cell sell."

Top image text:
(No additional text visible)

Bottom image handwritten text:
"This is not a U.F.O. shot a case well"
"Operation 2 H -"

The document contains two black and white images - the top image appears to be of a wooden fence or structure, and the bottom image appears to be a mostly blank image with a small object near the horizontal center line.


- page 16 -

ATSOC                                                     1st Ind

Hq 1602d Air Intelligence Service Squadron (ADC), Ent Air Force Base,
Colorado                                                            6 NOV 1956

TO:  Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: AFOIN 125L,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1.  As you requested, a complete investigation has been made
by Flight 3-A, 4602d ATS.

2.  Results of this investigation strongly indicate that source
is completely unreliable.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

Encls 1 & 2 w/d                                 JOHN D TAYLOR, JR
                                                 Major, USAF
                                                 Assistant


- page 17 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

AFOTN 434                                                        24 JUL 1956

SUBJECT: (U) Request for UFO Information

To:    Commander
        4602d Air Intelligence Service Squadron (ADC)
        Ent Air Force Base
        Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. Attached herewith is a copy of USAF Technical Information
Sheet submitted by Mr. of Paris, Illinois.

2. In accordance with provisions of AFR 200-2, it is requested
that the 4602d AISS conduct a preliminary investigative check of
sightings, and the results made known to this headquarters.

3. Although there are certain elements in Mr. narrative statement (pages 9-10 of Tech Sheet) that may be construed as
either a hoax or the product of an over-active imagination, it is the
opinion of the Center that USAF UFO records indicate that some form
of preliminary investigative action was taken, for the following
reasons:

    a. Mr. claims that he frequently sees the vehicle
    described in his report, although original sighting was over one year
    ago.

    b. This sighting has been given prominence by the Telonic
    Research Center, a private UFO research organization with a fairly
    wide membership. Copy of pertinent page citing this UFO is attached.

    c. Past experience has indicated organizations of this type
    often resort to the highest branches of the government when some specific sightings, which they consider highly significant, appears to be
    ignored by the Air Force.

4. With reference to Mr. statement of the observed
UFO "swallowing an aircraft", your investigation should include the
determination if any "bomber-jet patrol" "pick-up" tests were conducted in the vicinity of the alleged sighting.


- page 18 -

5. In any reply or correspondence to this sighting, request reference be made to the [redacted].

2 Incls
1. USAF Tech Sheet for [redacted]
2. Cy Telonic Mach Bulletin, p. 14-15

ATSC
1st Ind

Hq 4602d Air Intelligence Service Squadron (ADC), Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: AFOIN 424, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. As you requested, a complete investigation has been made by Flight 3A4, 4602d ADS.

2. Results of this investigation strongly indicate that source is completely unreliable.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
JOHN D TEAGLE, JR
Major, USAF
Adjutant

Incls 1 & 2 w/d

2


- page 19 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

[Redacted Header Information]

JUN 1954

SUBJECT: (U) Request for UFO Information

1. Attached herewith is a copy of USAF Technical Information submitted by [redacted] of Paris, Illinois.

2. In accordance with provisions of AFR 200-2, is requested that the 4602d AIS conduct a preliminary investigation of the alleged sightings, and the results made known to this headquarters.

3. Although there are certain elements in [redacted] narrative statement (pages 9-10 of Tech Sheet) that may be construed as other than a hoax or the product of an overactive imagination, it is the opinion of this Center that USAF UFO records indicate that some form of preliminary investigative action was taken, for the following reasons:

a. [redacted] claims that he frequently sees the vehicle described in this report, although original is taking over one year.

b. This sighting has been given prominence by the Telonic Research Center, a private UFO research organization with a fairly wide membership. Copy of pertinent page citing this UFO is attached.

c. Past experience has indicated organizations of this type often report to the highest branches of the government when some operations officials, which may similarly capitalize, appear to be involved.

With reference to [redacted] statement of the observed [redacted] while refueling an aircraft, your investigation should include the possibility if any bomber-jet parasite pick-up acts were conducted in the vicinity of the alleged sightings.

[Routing and Coordination markings on left side of document]

ATIC FORM 144 (REV 20 FEB 55)   ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

5. In any reply or correspondence to this sighting, request reference be made to the [illegible]

Incls:
1. USAF Tech Sheet for [illegible]
2. Cy Telonic Mech Bulletin, p. 14-15

WALLACE W. ELWOOD
1st Lt, USAF
Assistant Adjutant

2
ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET
ATIC FORM 144 (REV 30 FEB 56)


- page 21 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. To request this personal information or for further details, we may contact you.

1. When did you see the object?
9   3   1955
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:
5:30
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other __________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
RR #1           Paris           Illinois
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

Additional Remarks: 6 miles north of Paris, Illinois

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
0   2   0
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
               b. Dull daylight    e. No trace of daylight
               c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
               b. In back of you    e. Overhead
               c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other (handwritten note partially illegible)

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: (handwritten response, partially illegible)

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: (no response)

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other (handwritten note partially illegible)


- page 23 -

