The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a document used to record information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

The text in the image is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
7 February 1955

2. LOCATION
Platte City, Missouri

3. GEOGRAPHIC COORDINATES
GH-03-070/02-0050Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes

6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
6 to 5

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 minutes

8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object found and compared to size of large jet aircraft, yellowish-white color, object was distant. Object was sighted w/yellow sound more recipro- cating than jet. Described as low on horizon, but estimated 4-6 feet in altitude. Faded from sight in a climb. Changed positions several times, then formed a "Y" formation.

9. COURSE
Up

10. CONCLUSIONS
[Checked boxes]
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon 
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Multiple objects rising, descending, and maneuvering in formation. Indicated close observation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

SUBJECT: UFOB

TO: Commanding General
4th Air Force Headquarters 
Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. Reference is made to your letter dated 10 February 1955 with the following:

(a) Description of the objects.
(b) Round.
(c) Appeared to be slightly less than one-half mile in diameter.
(d) White tinged with yellow.
(e) Was changing to five.
(f) Speed, changing to v.
(g) None
(h) None
(i) Could move perpendicular to its motion, but all told seemed for conventional aircraft they were familiar with. 
(j) Identification of a source.
(k) First noticed by civilians in car.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The text appears to be a detailed report describing an unidentified aerial phenomenon, including details such as the object's description, duration of observation, weather conditions, and other relevant information.

Transcription of the text in the document:

(a) Description as low on the horizon, its brightness fading.
(b) Appeared to have horizontal movement and disappeared under tree line.
(c) Disappeared, gliding at estimated 20 to 25 mph direction.
(d) First sighted in viewing for vertical, changed to horizontal position and then disappeared in a southwesterly direction under observation.
(e) Faded from sight in no cloud.
(f) Regular outline.
(g) Manner of observation.
(h) Ground visual.
(i) None
(j) N/A
(k) Time not date of sighting.
(l) 0:40 to 0:45:59
(m) 1 minute.
(n) At new Masonic construction north of Platte City. Missouri. 11/7-55.
(o) Identifying information.
(a) Removed-for privacy reasons
(b) None
(c) Weather - Little alone.
(d) Clear, visibility unlimited, snow on ground.
(e) Not available this station.
(f) Mr Joseph Hahn, Kansas City, None
(g) Mr. Joseph Hendrix, Kansas City, 7 yrs.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Elt., 2200h 12 lb (6), curcl; drop, vlsib 9 feb 55
(1) Six Jedburgh elites, ground sited, 10 see
(2) None repoartad.
(3) None reported.
(4) None
(10) Unknown
(11) Edgar Charles Evans, Lt, USAF, Operations Officer
X 32nd Weather Reeonnaissanee Squadron reported
(12) None

2. Blgr, Yrobt (censored) states he is familiar with both conversational E/C and DATT anA det E/C from ht3 USAF, AOPO9 Sqn etc, and appears to have had extensive experience in evaluating UFO reports. Formerly a -1st" gunner on heavy bombers.

Maj C. A. Hardin
LL Col USAF
Commander

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing an "UFOB INDEX CARD" with various details about a reported UFO sighting in Platte City, Missouri on February 9, 1955.

TEXT OUTPUT:

UFOB INDEX CARD
1. DATE: February 1955
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1605
5. TYPE OF REPORT: Printed Visual
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: approximately 5 minutes
9. COURSE: Six (6) changing directions, changing speeds. Traveling very fast in zig-zag manner.
OBSERVATIONS: Objects sighted first as lights about the size of automobiles on a hillside. In nature, color white tinged with yellow. The number seen was six charging to give another five or six minutes. There were some sounds, but reminded one of refrigerating apparatus from a distance. Observed the objects for approximately 3 minutes. Charged and the other five or six minutes.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon
Probably Balloon 
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Unknown

A telephone check with Grandview AFB confirmed no aircraft formations at the time of this sighting, which were operating out of that base at that location, but aircraft could have been from another base.

- page 5 -

