PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
29 February 1956

2. LOCATION
South Africa
Victoria West, Cape Province

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local __2110__
GMT 29/1910Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
six seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
northerly

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object emerging from luminous cloud. Motion included standing still, speeding up, and exploding. No sound. Bright green, illuminated countryside. Emerged slowly from cloud and gathered speed. Exploded. Looked like huge drop of water. Initial observation in SW. Obj exploded in West. Thought to be a sort of meteor.

11. COMMENTS
Observer right in opinion that Object was a sort of meteor. Excellent observation of bright. Brightness illuminated the surrounding area, and object exploded.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical Meteor
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Other:
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

APPENDIX III

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
Form A

This questionnaire has been prepared by the U.S. Air
Force to assist information is promptly concerning the authenticated aerial
phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions
as possible. Your assistance will be appreciated in helping to solve the problem
of unidentified aerial objects. Your name will not be published without your
consent. Please print or write plainly in ink. Sign and date the report.

1. When did you see object?

2. 

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 

The rest of the form fields are mostly illegible due to the poor scan quality. The page number "245" is visible at the bottom of the document.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

240     APPENDICES

Page 2

[The document appears to be a form with multiple questions, with some handwritten responses. The questions include:]

8. If you saw this object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where did you see the STARS (Circle One):

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): Yes / No

10. If you saw this BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, how did the brightness compare to other known lights? (Circle One)

11. Did the object (Circle One):
[Multiple options listed, some partially obscured]

12. Did the object move? (Circle One): Yes, with apparent angular motion

13. Did this object seem to be (Circle One): [options partially obscured]

14. Did the object appear (Circle One): Solid

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Multiple checkboxes for options like Telescope, Binoculars, etc.)

Some handwritten responses are visible but partially illegible due to image quality.


- page 3 -

APPENDICES                247

Page 3

[Some text in the form fields is partially illegible, but I can make out:]

16. Tell in a few words the following thing about the object:
• Sound: it was no sound
• Color: a very dull/faint light ground

[The rest of the form fields are difficult to read clearly]

There appears to be a sketch or diagram in the center of the document, but the details are not clear due to the image quality.

At the bottom of the form, handwritten text appears to read:
"she object seemed slowly
from his cloud at first gathered"


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

248     APPENDICES                                                Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place
"A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any
changes in direction during the course.

[A diagram with an arrow from A to B is shown]

21. POSSIBLE, try to give an estimate what the real size of the object was to its
longest dimension.                    150         feet

22. How long did the object or objects occupy a compared with one of the following
(Circle One):   a. Head of a pin    b. Silver dollar
                c. Dime             d. Baseball
                e. Nickel           f. Grapefruit
                g. Other (specify)

23. [Text is partially illegible]

24. [There is a handwritten note at the bottom that reads: "It looked like a huge cloud of
water."]


- page 5 -

APPENDICES                   249

Page 8

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outside
    d. As see
    e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open country?
    d. Flying over city?
    e. Flying over open country?
    f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to see it? (Handwritten response partially visible but mostly illegible)

28-31. Other sections of the form are visible but most text is too blurry or dark to read clearly.

The page appears to be part of a questionnaire or report form, likely related to a UFO sighting, with numbered questions about the circumstances of an observed object.


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

APPENDICES

Page 6

21. In the following sketch, imagine this view as the plane above. Place an "A" on the curved line where your flight line either was observed (before lifting) or will be (after lifting). Place an "X" on the line where you saw the object (if within your view) and draw a line from "X" to the point of first (or last) observation.

The rest of the text in the instructions is partially illegible due to the image quality.

The page contains two diagrams/sketches with curved lines and what appear to be landscape or flight path representations, but I cannot make out additional details with certainty.


- page 7 -

APPENDICES                                                 257

Page 7

34. CLOUDS (Circle One)
    a. Clear sky
    b. Scattered clouds
    c. Thin or hazy clouds
    d. Overcast

35. WIND (Circle One)
    a. Light breeze
    b. Strong wind
    c. Don't remember

36. WEATHER (Circle One)                 37. TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
    a. Clear                              a. Warm
    b. Cloudy                             b. Cool
    c. Precipitation                      c. Cold
    d. Don't remember                     d. Don't remember

[The rest of the document appears to be partially obscured or illegible]

At the bottom of the page, there is a handwritten note that reads: "Not of record"


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

.232 APPENDICES

Page 8

39. Do you wish you an estimate the speed of this object?
(Circle One) Yes No Judged typical from 60 miles/hour

40. Do you wish you an estimate how far from the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered Yes, how would you say it was from/50 ft. far

41. Please give data below:
ADDRESS WEST Cape Province
CITY Victoria West
DATE 16 Jan 1956
TIME 2030 hrs
LOCATION

The rest of the text is either illegible or obscured by dark markings on the document.


- page 9 -

