PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
February 1956

2. LOCATION
New York City, New York

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local
GMT.     feb/0800Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XX Ground-Visual   □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual       □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
XENO

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
brief

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
not reported

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Cone shaped object traveling at great speed observed to pass between two buildings in residential area. Assumed heading directly into wall of one of the buildings. Head of cone consisted of brilliant blue white light. Tail had what appeared to be fins. Soft glow from object. No reflection on buildings. After light was gone area was black again, and disappearance was as 11 light had been turned off.

11. COMMENTS
Report sent in two years after incident. Object resembles meteor sighting. No sound or light reflection indicates that object possibly at great distance from observer rather than between the buildings as she assumed. Duration and description with the exception of fins conform with this analysis. Brief duration agrees with this analysis. Obj probably meteor.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
□ Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
□ Meteor
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

New York, N. Y.

To the Air Technical Investigation Command.

Sirs-

This communication is from a citizen of New York City-at the the above address for some fifteen years. Should it be required of me - I would gladly give all necessary references - as to my reliability - and to assure you now of my absolute truthfulness - and attention to detail -

Returning as usual, from St. Vincent's Hospital (West 11th St. and 7th Ave. NYC) to my home - as above - a short distance - and a regular route for several years - at 3 A on or near that time - in the month of February. At an intersection of five roads - which I have to cross - there is a fairly large garage (corner of Perry Street and 7th Ave.) Attached to the garage is a small space (cried in) where one or two cars sometimes park. Bordering this space are two large apt houses - quite close to each other, but the space as above mentioned is quite clear. It was a very cold night, and I was hurrying to my home, when to my utter astonishment I saw a cone shaped object of small dimension travelling at great speed, in the space and apparently heading directly into the wall of one of the apt houses.

The whole thing was so rapid that I could only stand and watch. There was no one on the street at that hour and no traffic (this is the Greenwich Village area). I could not therefore refer to any other person. At the full of the come there was a terrible round light of blue white intensity. At the tail of the come was what appeared to be fine. The night was very dark, and the area around the garage received no light from the dim street lights, so that this come was a soft grey against the black background. From the end of the cone was a soft glow. There was no sound whatever.

The terrific light at the full of the cone should have lighted up the entire wall of the apt house and general area, but there absolutely no reflection from it on anything.

This apparition suddenly disappeared without sound and at the moment when it should have crashed into the wall. The light did not just go out, as though turned off by an electric switch, but there was instantaneous blackness and - nothing!

Not wishing to expose myself to ridicule I said very little about it, except ot a few close friends. Even as I write you now my statements seem open to question, but I feel I should do so. I have a detailed sketch of this apparition should you wish to have it, and will notify me. I am personally afraid of things of this kind and know absolutely nothing about technical or scientific matters. This was not, therefore, anything that I might have seen in some book dealing with these subjects. I am two years late in sending this information, and am spurred on now to do so, having seen a further peculiarity in the sky, but this last could have a reasonable explanation, though the other does not, as I feel about it.

Believe me sirs,
most faithfully,
(Miss)


- page 2 -

