PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
June or July 1956

2. LOCATION
Warrenton, Virginia

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2 AM
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian (then military)

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5-7 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
6 or 7

9. COURSE
Stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Letter written in 1958 regarding a sighting in 1956 of lights that moved around. First impression was that they were ground lights. Soft glowing, about 2 ft in diameter.

11. COMMENTS
Other (unreliable rpt: too old)

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
■ Other Unreliable Rept
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 53)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

CG 3 SHEET                                                                1956

SUBJECT: UFO Report and Manuscript - Mr. [redacted], Sierra Madre, California

ROUTING
(Initial "IN" column to denote review prior to action. Initial "OUT" column to denote review of completed action. (x for action; x for coordination))

TO: SAFIG-3 Major Tacker

FROM: AFOIN-4E

COMMENTS (use reverse, if necessary):                                     AFOIN-4E/Capt. Gregory/ac
                                                                           Ext. 6-9216/Bldg 828

1. Subject correspondence received from General Schweizer's office is submitted for necessary action, with the following upon which to base a reply:

    a. Source cannot give exact date or time, only that incident took place sometime in June or July, 1956.

    b. To properly solve any UFO case, immediate reporting of the incident is necessary for on-the-spot investigations. A matter of a few days' delay can render the investigation worthless.

    c. Cannot comment on the "Will-o'-Win" lights and "Ghost" fire reported seen in an Australian marsh, although the phenomena is typically characteristic of ball-shaped gaseous glow, an electrical discharge, often referred to as St. Elmo's Fire, and associated with swamps and particularly if methane gas (CH4) is in the area.

2. Copies of the report have been made for our files.

1 Incl.
Ltr and Manuscript
fr                                     H. K. GILBERT
                                       Colonel, USAF
                                       AFOIN-4E

Date stamp appears to be 18 July 1958


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Dear Sirs:

I am very ashamed that I haven't written you before now. I'll try to be as complete as I can considering the lapse of time, however, and perhaps the details will explain something of the delay.

I cannot fix the exact date - perhaps I could pin it down by research - I didn't make a note of it because I felt sure I would remember. It was on a Saturday night - that is Sunday morning of the month of either mid-June or early July. I was based at Vint Hill Station near Warrenton, Virginia - a Specialist 3rd class at the time - Army. I had been dating a girl in Rockville, Maryland, and would hitch-hike or take a bus there every chance I had - which was fairly often as our free time at the post was pretty much our own.

One of my favorite pastimes has always been to take long walks, so this particular night - having arrived with no money whatsoever in my pockets - my camera case on my back - loaded with color film and camera equipment - my hobby - a little too late to visit the girl - but with hopes of seeing her the next day - I had hitched a ride with a buddy who lived in Rockville - I did many things on a shooting while I was in the army - most of that night I just wandered up and down the various roads in and around Rockville - ending up on the road leading out to the girl's house.

The exact spot is in front of an old house - now deserted - formerly utilized as an old-folks home - until (as I understand) it was condemned - this is on the crest of a small hill - and marks a decided dip in the road - I was standing on this spot when I looked down the hill to where I knew a house to be, I noticed a single light glowing - too large to be from a simple bulb - & my first impression of the light was that it was an approaching automobile - but it was on such an angle that I wondered at this, because it did not correspond with the location of the roads - their being an intersection of three roads - one main road curving and a newer side road - the light was centered about where the crossing was - and a hill was just behind the light - as I watched it, it seemed to grow a little larger - which made me wonder if it might be a flare - I watched for a dripping at the base - thinking it might be an airforce maneuver of some sort - but I saw none - then the light rose a little with a slight swaying motion - and was soon followed by several other lights the same size and description - not quite exact - remembering my training in spotting objects at night - I tried looking to either side in hopes of seeing anything that might be attached to the lights making some sort of silhouette. There was no indication. This doesn't mean much, however, since the night was clear, but moonless - and except for the glow of occasional street lights, quite black. It occurred to me to try for a fixture - but I felt that with the movement of the lights there wasn't a good chance - and too much exposure of the color film - that it would be time better spent observing the objects than in getting out my paraphernalia and attempting to set it up in the darkness - In all, as I remember there were six or seven of the lights, they appeared to be riding immediately next to a tree in the yard of the aforementioned house (two story - near the intersection) - I wondered whether they were some sort of signal system connected to the tree - but they (as assuming they were at this distance) swayed separately as they rose - as much as three to four feet from side to side - seeming to bob around slowly - they rose in a kind or order one above the other - until the highest light reached a point a little above the height of the tree - I connected the tree, because the lights seemed to show infront of what I


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(2)

could see of the tree - it being lit slightly - to see a semi-silhouette of
the upper branches. Consequently I placed the lights in the yard of the house
itself - I was a distance of approximately 200 yards from the objects-
At this point I remembered reading an article some time previously in a
magazine I picked up in a latrine somewhere - concerning similar lights in
had been seen in Australia - unexplained but seen on various occasions -
(I am enclosing the article - as I have since relocated it)
These are described very similarly to what I saw.

This was in 1956 - just prior to my separation. About two in the morning,
From the crest of the aforementioned hill on which I stood I was facing downhill
- and could see the distant sky lit by the lights of Washington D.C. -

I watched the lights for about five to seven minutes - I timed them - but
have since forgotten the exact time - After this period of time the lights,
without dimming began to bob sideways a little more - still slowly - almost
erratically and began to settle - still one above the other back - seemingly
into the ground - There was no sound that I could detect during this - or
any other sensation that the lights themselves - After a brief moment, when
I saw they were not going to reappear, I ran down the hill (I hadn't up until
this time, because by so doing, I would momentarily lose sight of the lights)
and thought, too, that they would be explained if I continued to watch them -
when I reached the spot where I had thought them to be, I looked about - there
was seemingly nothing out of the ordinary - I tried to detect any unusual odor
as of something having been burned - but nothing of this sort presented itself.
I knew from earlier observation that the people in the house had been there and
long since gone to bed. There had was no sign of life - and I couldn't see
walking them up to ask. If they had seen any lights in their front yard - I can
see trying to explain this to a desk-sergeant. I walked back into town - I think
ing of calling you people - Upon arriving there I found the only thing open was
a little coffee-shop - and the proprietor seemed thoroughly convinced that I
was a real nut - so I couldn't see asking him for a dire for the phone-
call - Also, I thought that it was probably something that could be explained
away - and I was getting excited over nothing - so I let it go - I discussed
it with various and sundry friends and acquaintances - and finally felt that it
was probably of little or no importance. As I recall, there was at the time
quite a stir going on concerning sightings from our base and other outlying
army posts of strange high flying green and red lights - that upon investiga-
tion proceeded to disappear - I understand after one of the time connections -
but dismissed it from my mind.

The lights I saw were about two feet across - judging by the assumed distance -
and glowed with a soft - almost diffused light - white in color - and round -
with definite diffusion around the edges - not sharp like an electric globe
would be - very definitely round - almost as though they were rice-paper
disks illuminated from behind -

You can check any references on me you choose - I have a complete top secret
clearance filed with the FBI - and a good army record - I am not given to
sensationalism, per se - But this has been on my conscience for some time - and
I felt that, at least, I should tell you about it, on the chance that you get
another similar report, you can lend it a little more credence than you probably
otherwise would.

Forgive me for the delay in notifying you - There was at that time so much
crackpot, multicity and general pooh-poohing of the "flying unicorn" business -
that I felt that I would be just taking up you time - now I'm not so sure -

Sincerely yours -


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

(Here is a copy of the article I mentioned in relation to the lights - another reason why I didn't I definitely notify you - the lights were only just kept this one)

From: FATE magazine (ANU) August 1953 (True stories of the strange and the unknown ((don't laugh)) )

MYSTERIOUS LIGHTS
- of Australia →

by [redacted]

Those of you who have not visited Australia may never have heard of its "Min-min light", a phenomenon familiar to nearly all australians. Visible only at night, the "min-min light" is a huge globe of brilliant light which soars up from the wooded horizon, travels rapidly over the tree tops for some distance and then hovers, stationary for some time, giving the observer the eerie impression that it is watching him.

No one has ever gotten close to the "Min-min light", as the closer one approaches the further it recedes. A man who has spent nearly 18 years in western Australia states that nearly every one in that section has seen this strange aerial light at one time or another and no one can explain it satisfactorily. Apparently there is no legend associated with the "Min-min light", and various queries have failed to explain how it received its name or what the words "Min-min" signify.

One night a stockman, riding his horse, spied the eerie luminosity and chased it. In his excitement he ran his horse into a fence, was thrown violently to the ground and died of his injuries.

Mr. Glenville Pike, of Mareeba, north Queensland, Australia, writes that he saw a similar light, one night, in the marshy country about 40 miles from St. Lawrence, on the central coast of Queensland, and first thought it was something wanting a lantern. Then he saw it as a huge glowing ball, moving some minutes. Finally hovering in the air some 50 yards from him, asking courage he strode through the darkness towards it and succeeded in getting to within 20 yards of it. To him it looked like some huge glowing ball, hovering, or some fast above the ground. Suddenly it suddenly began a retreating, dancing motion over the boggy ground. He found that the light was leading him into dangerously marshy ground and he stopped. The light also stopped, "hesitated" while and glided a little nearer to him as though attempting to follow. Mr Pike cordially had been told by a companion that a deep chasm lay just on the other side of the marsh and he took no chance of falling into it. As he started back to his camp the light, as though realizing he had lost, went over the chasm and fell from sight.

When he returned to camp his companion told him that, according to the local legend, a man had been murdered many years previously by being pushed into that chasm and that his spirit persistently tries to lure newcomers to the same unhappy fate.

Mr. Pike states that a similar light is often observed near the remains of an old inn beside the nearly deserted "Witton-Boulia road on the treeless plains of western Queensland. It is said that this inn was the rendezvous of drunkards and thieves and several nearby graves attest to the unfortunate potency of the home-brewed liquor sold there. Several years ago a young stockman observed a strange ball of light one night as he rode his horse past the place on his way home. He reined up and watched it for some time, he noticed that the light advanced and retreated but always returned to approximately the same location. Finally it came toward him, losing his nerve, the stockman dug his heels into his horse and galloped frantically all the way to a police trooper, who reported it to a skeptical police-trooper. But not long thereafter several others saw the same curious light. One was driving past in his car, saw the light along the road and gave chase, at 40 miles an hour. He declared that the


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(page II of copy)

light kent "just ahead" of him all the time and vanished when he approached the old inn. ANOTHER

ANOTHER Another Australian "ghost light" is seen frequently on the stock-route, near Bourke, in northwest new south wales. It is observed during the Summer months and drovers, already acquainted with it, will not camp overnight in the area as the light invariably stampedes their horses and cattle with disastrous results.

Invariably these mystery lights strike terror into the hearts of animals. Horses steadfastly refuse to enter the gateway over which a strange light dances on a farm in north-western Queensland. The intent is so accustomed to seeing this light, bobbing and hovering over the slip rails of the horse paddock nearly 10 yards from his home, that he scarcely takes notice of it.

The lonely region at the head of the Murrumbidgee River, in new South Wales is noted for the remarkable "Quinn's light," for years, at regular intervals by awe-struck witnesses. This light is singular in form, being like a brilliant glowing, immense eagle with wings fully spread. Some describe the light as "a most powerful glow." It was first observed floating about three feet off the ground among the trunks of the lofty gum trees on the grazing property of a successful farmer named John Quinn. Some persons have shot at it but without the least effect. Others have tried to approach it but, as though directed by an observing intelligence, it always eludes them. One night a newcomer to the district was amazed to see this glowing, bird-like shape hovering over the homestead he had just bought. He declared to the local policeman that "it hung in mid-air fully 10 minutes, emitting a light so brilliant that 'it made the whole place as bright as day'." He was so frightened by his experience that he "reckoned it was time he packed up."

Police-trooper W.G.Noble wrote an account of the "Ghost Fire" occasionally observed in this same district. As he was riding his horse along the lonely stock-route, miles from the nearest farm just an hour before he noticed a glow in the woods alongside the road. He urged his horse over and got close enough to see that the light actually was a fire emitting a kind of sulphurous, incandescent glow" and that it was shooting flames against the side of a fallen tree... His horse refused to approach the weird light and reared and plunged in terror. Finally the horse stood stock-still trembling noticeably. The trooper circled the area and saw no sign of human life. "the light was on the ground," he said that he had often heard reports of the "Ghost Fire" but up to that time had made no credence in the stories.

Explanations of these strange lights vary. Some declare that they are Will-o'-the-wisps, others say that they are masses of fire-flies. Some claims that they have noticed the "glow of escaping gas" or something in connection with the lights. But why, always, do the lights elude their pursuers?

... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Well, that's the article - I don't know if there is any relation between it and my occurrence - but included this for documentary completeness - in that I had thought of this article when I witnessed the lights - maybe you're already figured out...

formerly.

[Note: Some text at the bottom of the page is obscured by black redaction marks]


- page 6 -

