The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: Winter 19, 2002
2. LOCATION: 11? Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported (Unk)
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Not Reported (Unk)
8. PHOTOS: N/A
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: N/A
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION. The report states that the sighting could be attributed to an aircraft, but there is insufficient data for final analysis and the data does not warrant a conclusion.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

The text of the document is as follows:

26 January 1965

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Your letter to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration has been referred to this office as a matter pertaining to the Air Force.

The Air Force is responsible for the investigation of unidentified or unidentified flying objects reported in the skies over the United States. The name of this project is Blue Book. The current report on this project is attached for your information.

Attached is PTD Form 164 which is used for reporting UFOs to the Air Force. If you wish to report your sighting, please complete the form as fully as possible and return it to this office.

The Air Force will analyze the report, and you will be advised of their findings.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

2 Atch
1. Report
2. PTD Form 164

Mr. [REDACTED]
[REDACTED] Company
Philadelphia 33, Pennsylvania

Copy to:
NASA (M-C MAO 1400)
Washington, DC, 20546

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document containing handwritten text.

Dear Sirs:
Due to the recent information being released by magazines and such, this is to relate that 
ago. I realize that this might be just another case of UFO reportage, as in the past, and there

. more to give me confidence in what I saw. The objects 1 saw were about 1955. They were not exactly sure, but I think it was in April.
of two or three round objects in the sky, having a pale blue, grayish color, and a peculiar oval shape. They appeared to be moving steadily in a northwesterly direction, without any intermittent motion or flashing lights, and at a relatively high altitude. They were sighted over a period of approximately 5 minutes, as they crossed the southern part of the sky at an estimated speed of 400-500 mph. The objects did not vary in altitude or speed during this time, and their shape and color remained consistent. All of this was observed from the car on a highway near this town. I was not alone, but with my wife, and we have been trying to figure out just what it was we observed.
Sometime with quite objects up in the clear sky, unidentified, that perhaps has been the case in the past, and something like this could easily have been dismissed in that manner. But on this occassion, I am quite sure of what I saw, and I felt that I should make some kind of report of it, if you are interested.
We were deeply impressed by this unusual sight, and it was so strange and different from anything we had ever seen before, that we have been talking about it ever since. Hoping this might be of some interest, I remain

Yours truly, 
Fred Boerner
2707 Woodland Avenue
Pennsville, New Jersey

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted all the text from the image and provided it above.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

Output of the text in the document:

about the size of a head peach, it had a light on it somewhere. i cant be sure, but i believe it might have been a little larger than a canteloupe. i guess about how a night light looks like a smaller bright oval light source in the darkness. i dreamed last night, and oh heavens the light on this thing just lit up the whole woods around me. the light was intense, bluish white, and the other side a reddish glow. i saw it move, at first slowly, then it seemed to shoot up into the sky and out of sight. my gosh the cold chills i got just thinking about it now. i don't know how long i lay watching this thing, must have been a half hour or more. i just feel so lucky to have seen it, yet at the same time, i wish i had never seen it. i feel my gir not be very trustworthy about what i saw as she would think i was just seeing things. i told her a little about it, but only enough to say there was a strange light in the woods i saw last night, and she said i must have been dreaming. but i know what i saw, and it wasn't any dream.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly related to a UFO project or report. The image shows a postmark and some handwritten text that includes "MAD", "Committee", and a date "JAN 11 1965".

MAD
JAN 11 1965 PM U.S.A. BULL SEC.
ADELPHIA COMMITTEE
10 O. C.

- page 5 -

