PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
6 September 1956

2. LOCATION
Between
Coos Bay & Portland, Oregon

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Level 1500
GMT 06/2100

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Air Visual
□ Ground-Visual
□ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
[X] Yes
□ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian a/line passenger

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not given

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
NE (?)

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Source took a number of pictures fm airline at 27,000 ft. Discovered elliptical object w/tiny perforations along its long axis. In rpt insists it is space ship & requested if U.S. had a/c of that description in area.

11. COMMENTS
Source sent UFO questionnaire which source refused to return & claimed negative of print lost. Insisted AF give any info if rocket ship in area at time of photo. Obj concluded to be emulsion flaw caused by sticking prints during developing/Brownie Camera cannot stop fast action. Has Meniscus lens, 1/25shutter speed, & F.11 stop. No UFO rpt in area on this date fm either military or airline a/c. May be attempted hoax.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomized
□ Probably Astronomized
□ Possibly Astronomized
□ Unknown Phenomenon
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unkmown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top of document]
FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE CO
OFFICE OF REC

[First paragraph]
to Mrs. [redacted] Brooklyn, New York

[Second paragraph]
separated. In many instances tiny, symmetrical perforations are
formed during the 'untacking' process, a common occurrence in any
photograph shop.

[Third paragraph]
We conclude that the object appearing on your photograph was
undoubtedly the result of some such imperfection.
Sincerely,

[Bottom section - Attachments]
Panels:
1. 8 x 10 prints, in trip
2. One 3 x 4 print

[Bottom of document stamps/markings]
DECLASSIFIED
[Date stamps/markings]
PERM
TEMP
90 DAYS
INITIAL

[Bottom right corner]
ATIC FORM 144 (REV 20 FEB 56)    ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET    AF-WP-0-29 MAR 56 35


- page 2 -

Mrs. [redacted]
COUNSELOR AT LAW
[redacted] STREET
BROOKLYN, N. Y.
Jan. 29, 1957

Mr. Wallace W. Elwood
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Dear Mr. Elwood:

Thank you so very much for your painstaking letter of the 17th with its most welcome enlargements of the tiny little "Space ship" print which I sent to you. Unfortunately the film has not yet come to light but those who saw the film were convinced that it was no water mark nor imperfection on the airplane window.

I wish I could give you the information you seem to need. I could not fill out the questionnaire you sent me as I had none of that required information. As my film was not developed until the middle of September, and as I did not see the ship, I have no idea of the exact moment of its being taken or caught by my camera. As for the flight number and such details, all I know is that I was in a commercial plane flying between Coos Bay and Portland, Oregon on September 6th, 1956, leaving Coos Bay at 2:30 P.M. and arriving at Portland at 3:50 P.M. As I took the pictures from the plane after taking off, I estimated the time to be around three o'clock.

I thought you might know whether we had anything in the air in that location about that time that might resemble the sighting.

In any case I am grateful to you for your detailed answer to me and the time you took to make it all clear to me.

I assume that I may keep the prints (since you did not mention their return) which you sent on and in that case thank you very much.

Very truly yours,
[signature redacted]


- page 3 -

This case includes one (1) 5"x7"
photograph and one (1) 3½" x 5½"
negative.


- page 4 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a very dark, low-quality black and white photograph or document scan with significant noise and graininess. The image is mostly black with some indistinct lighter areas, but no clear details or text can be discerned.


- page 5 -

The text on this page is partially illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. I can make out some fragments, but not the entire text:

1/29 (at the top left)

Some words that appear to include "UFO" are visible, but most of the text is too blurry or obscured to read with certainty.

The document appears to be a handwritten note or report on a black and white document with significant image degradation.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Address redacted]
Brooklyn 9, N.Y.
Nov 20, 56.

Dear Commander;

Lt. Colonel Wright & Day has suggested that I write to you for the information I desire.

on October 6th while flying 27,000 feet in the air between Coos Bay and Portland, Oregon

I caught a picture of what appears to be an outer space ship - cigar shaped and of the submarine type plane in the Audubon book. It is surrounded by a thread of light


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

writing all seem to be-
Before determining that it
is an outer space craft, provide
whether from your records-
you could tell me whether you had
any type American machines
in the air at that time,
I took the picture at about
three o'clock in the afternoon.
I was trying to get some of
the ground patterns but we
were too high up with the
sun blotting out any earth
patterns, judging from the
small size of the ship, it must
have been several miles away.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

If you will look at the ship,
there a negro flying glass I believe
you will see several windows
on the side that is visible.

Any information you can
give me in this matter
will be greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,
(Elev.)

P.S. This was taken with an
ordinary Brownie camera.


- page 9 -

Mrs.
COUNSELOR-AT-LAW
[ADDRESS REDACTED]
BROOKLYN, N. Y.

Mr. Wallace W. Elwood
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio.

Dec. 27, 1956

Dear Mr. Elwood:

Thank you for your letter of December 4th, in answer to mine of November 20th, stating that on September 6th, around three o'clock in the afternoon while flying high between Coos Bay and Portland, Oregon, I caught a Brownie snapshot of what I believed to be an outer space ship. Since it recently answers the description of the cigar or submarine shaped ship known to have been seen by others in that general location from time to time, I sent you a print of it at the time.

You did not answer my question as to whether our government had any of its ships in the air on that date and about that hour.

As for filling out all the data you sent me or answering your questions about the air craft speed, direction of heading, bearing, weather conditions aloft, flight or aircraft number, pilot's name etc. etc. or whether any other passengers observed the object, that is quite impossible as I was unaware of having caught it on my film at the time (I did not see the craft itself) and only found it only when the film was developed. Those who developed it for me were convinced that it was in the film and not an imperfection of either the film or something on the window of the plane. You see I took several other exposures at the time within minutes of each other, in an effort to catch some of the ground patterns but in this one only was the ship apparent. So I figure that it must have been passing swiftly at the moment I snapped the shutter. With a magnifying glass you can see the tiny white windows.

Unfortunately I cannot send you the film as it has been temporarily misplaced. Did you over put some special wave in such a good place that even you could not find it? I'm sure it will eventually turn up.

I would still like an answer to my question of whether our government had anything of this description in the air at that time and location.

The holidays interfered with a more prompt reply on my part for which I ask your indulgence.

Very truly yours,
[SIGNATURE REDACTED]


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

CORONATION

AFOIN-4

AFOIN-4X26

AFOIN-4X2

AFOIN-2X3

AFOIN-4X1

AFOIN-4X6

AFOIN-AS

AFOIN-4B

AFOIN-4C

AFOIN-D

AFOIN-4E

FOIN-AF

We are in receipt of your letter of 20 November 1956 in which you
transmit a photograph of an unidentified aerial object with a request
for comment.

A proper study and analysis under scientific conditions to arrive
at a firm conclusion or identification of the photograph requires some
additional information. The fact that it was taken at a high altitude
presumably from an airliner, with other limited data surrounding your
observation, is insufficient. We are certain that since you have pro-
vided this information for a conclusion, a request for your cooperation for
additional data is not necessary.

Therefore, it would be appreciated if you would accomplish the
following: Obtain as much detail as possible and return to
this office additional information that is required to obtain case in-
formation such as (scientific alone): the flight or aircraft number, bearing,
exact scientific data (scientific alone) is the flight or aircraft number, exact
location over which object was observed, pilot's name, how close to
destination was the camera when this exposure was made, and whether any
other passengers observed the object. It would also be appreciated if
you would send us the negative from which this print was made. The
print will be retained, pending receipt of additional information re-
garding the photograph.

Your cooperation in this matter would be appreciated.

Sincerely,

WALLACE W. ELWOOD
1st Lt. USAF
Assistant Adjutant


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY

OFFICE OF RECORD

421/Capt C.T.Gregory/160
69216

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

We are in receipt of your letter dated 27 December 1956, your locale, regarding a photograph previously submitted by you of what you believe to be a so-called 'space ship'. The standard UFO questionnaire, the official form which we send to both military and civilian observers for sightings of this nature, was however not returned. Neither were you able to provide the original negatives.

The nature and implications of your letter require that our reply be given in sufficient detail to avoid misunderstandings, misinterpretation or out of context quotation.

We feel sure that you will understand that in any type of investigation and analysis there is certain basic information that must be obtained before we can proceed with a proper study and investigation of a report. The mere submission of a photo-graph, apart from being a single object, is insufficient. In cases of this type, observers usually provide us with the flight name or number, the day or schedule of the flight, and other information which will permit us to initiate action through contact with airlines, flight operations or other parties. For example, we would like to know, among other things, the exact location of your flight at the time of your observation. This cannot be determined by the communication that exists between Coos Bay and Portland since the distance between these two points is almost 180 miles. With this basic information we could attempt to ascertain whether the object was a military or civilian aircraft, balloon, missile, or other conventional object that was that particular spot.

Attached herewith are three variable-density prints out of the many made from your print, as part of our analysis of your photograph. This analysis, including motion picture screen size projections, was carried out at the Wright-Patterson photo laboratories.

PERM
TEMP
90 DAYS
INITIAL


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

NIX 65ep 2230 11

DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO.                   SUBJECT
                           (U) Request for Analysis - UFO Photo

TO: AFOIN-L102a            FROM: AFOIN-434                DATE: 28 Nov 56    COMMENT NO.1
ATTN: Maj Willner                                         L5L/Capt G.K.Creigh/1st c/
                                                           6926

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2 and established ATIC policy for the review and analysis of UFO reports and photography, request your analysis and comments with regard to attached photograph.

2. Subject photograph was submitted by a Miss [redacted] of Brooklyn, New York, and in her meager report states that it was taken at 27,000 feet, presumably from an airliner. She further states that a "Brownie" camera was used.

3. There are some unusual features surrounding the photo. A macroscopic examination shows a 'halo' or a margin surrounding the object. The object is much darker than the background and from the over-all nature is very difficult to discern which is ground and which is sky, both blending in together. Assuming a distance of 300 yards (approximately 1000 feet) of the object, the 'halo' would be approximately 50 feet wide. Consideration has been given to this being a negative or developing flaw, but the object appears, rather symmetrical on both sides.

4. A letter to Miss [redacted] with a standard UFO questionnaire requesting detailed information on the sighting is contemplated, pending your conclusions.

1 Incl
Photo

[Signature of Henry G. Miley]
HENRY G. MILEY
AFOIN-434

TO: AFOIN-434             FROM: AFOIN-402             DATE: 3 Dec 56    COMMENT NR 2
                          AFOIN-L102a/Maj Willner/pam
                          52173/B263/Room B65

This object appears to be the result of damaged emulsion on the original negative. This probably was caused during the processing wherein the emulsion stuck together during part of the processing resulting in a partially developed "spot" that will print out darker than the background. A more comprehensive analysis of the object can be made from the original film. In this, it can be determined if the object was caused by a flaw in the negative emulsion, or whether it is worthy of further analysis.

1 Incl
n/c

[Signature of Miller Price, Jr.]
MILLER PRICE, JR.
AFOIN-402

DD FORM 96    REPLACES WNE FORM 56, OCT 45, WHICH MAY BE USED    16-64001-1    * U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1956 - 341815


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top of document header]
AFOIN-4
AFOIN-4X2b
AFOIN-4X2
AFOIN-4X3
AFOIN-4X4
AFOIN-4A

AFOIN-4B

AFOIN-4C

AFOIN-4D

AFOIN-4E

AFOIN-4F

[Letter header]
Ltr to 'TS. [redacted], Brooklyn, New York

Some comment should be made regarding the results of our analysis of your report. The original negative would have provided us with more conclusive information:

a. Brownie cameras have a single-element meniscus lens, have a very slow shutter speed, between 1/25 to 1/30 second.

b. A query of your local photo experts, or an experiment on your part in photographing some person will disclose that unless the subject remains still a slight blur will result. A slow-moving photographic subject with a Brownie will produce a more blurred effect.

c. Anything passing rapidly, as you state, by the window, such as an aircraft or rocket would be an almost indistinct blur. The Brownie camera cannot stop an object moving at high speed. The opinion outlined of a read in the bottom of the print indicates that "panning" was not used.

d. The object in your print is sharp and clear.

e. If this was an actual object, the use of simple optical calculations (the known focal length of the camera and apparent distance of the object), "several miles away," will show that the object would be of such size that it certainly would have been seen by a large number of people, numerous aircraft, and by the extensive radar network that surveys the skies over America twenty-four hours a day.

f. Nothing of this nature was reported by any of the above within that general area and time.

A review of current airway charts between Coos Bay and Portland indicates that this area has one of the heaviest air traffics in the Northwest. There are almost 30 airfields within the flight path between these two locations.

Our files contain many photographs (other than deliberate hoaxes) which have been found to be a poor or smears on similar "windows" enabling various types of supposedly space craft. Emulsion flaws have also accounted for a number of these objects appearing on photographs. The latter result when prints under development, in a camera, with water bath, become stuck together in certain small areas. Near drop, elliptical and other unusual shapes are formed when

[Bottom of page]
2

[Form footer]
ATIC FORM 144 (REV 20 FEB 54)    ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET


- page 14 -

