PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 October 1956

2. LOCATION
Batavia, Ohio

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local 1845
GMT 14/2345Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual ☒ Ground-Radar ☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar ☐

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
more than 1 minute

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
north

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object assumed to be a jet making a vapor trail observed for more than one minute. Reddish orange. Trail didn't yet "merge". Object turned at right angle up.

11. COMMENTS
Trail condensation and dissipation depends upon the conditions in the air. Under certain conditions the dissipation is rapid and so the trail would tend to remain the same length. Also the turn indicated the object depends upon the angle that the a/z was moving, the direction of the turn and the distance from the observ. Nothing in rpt to conflict w/a/c analysis.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

C.R.I.F.O.
Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects

November 7, 1956

Captain S. T. Gregory
ATIC
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain Gregory,

Enclosed herewith are three photographs and five negatives obtained by the writer from Mr. [redacted] Batts Ave., North College Hill, Cincinnati, Ohio, which may be of interest to your command. Mr. [redacted] telephone number is as follows: [redacted]. I am told the writer that he formerly had been a professional photographer, and is at present, interested in astronomy, particularly lunar studies. He is in contact with members of the Cincinnati Astronomical Society. According to Mr. [redacted], the photograph (which I have marked #3) with partial ovoid light cannot be easily explained. Taken through his telescope, Mr. [redacted] said that he knew of no light of any kind before or since this lens, nor was he aware of any unusual lights in the sky, but is, any lights appearing nearby which would show up at the size and detail. However, through powerful magnification an object, appearing visually as a point of light, may show up as photographed. Ruled out were known fire phenomena.

Mr. [redacted] told the writer that he photographed the "object" while taking a series of shots of the moon. He has many times spoken to the writer of his interest in the moon, and I feel certain that the photograph in question was not taken to delude the writer or others. He seeks no publicity. He also gave me permission to contact your command regarding the photographs, for may contact Mr. [redacted] for additional information regarding these photographs, or, if you prefer, I will send whatever additional information you may desire.

The photographs taken by Mr. [redacted] were taken on Sunday, October 14, 1956. On this same date, CRIFO received three daytime sightings of UFO's from three separate groups of witnesses in the greater Cincinnati area. Names are as follows:

From Covington, Kentucky about 1 p.m. Mr. [redacted] said the sky was deep blue, no wind. With driving in traffic, he saw large bright light about quarter the size of full moon. He said the object was stationary. By the time he had reached the next block, which afforded a visual clearing of the sky, the object had disappeared. Mr. [redacted] was unusually brilliant and large, ruled out reflection on aircraft as an explanation. Mr. [redacted] has a pilot's license.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

Mr. and Mrs.[redacted], Rt.[redacted], Batavia, Ohio. Having first learned of the sighting from Mrs.[redacted], an employee in the advertising department at the [redacted]Co., of which I am manager, I asked for more detailed information. I herewith report the following details:

"On Sunday, Oct. 14, 1956 at about 6:30 pm, while traveling east on U.S highway 52, between Ripley and New Richmond, Ohio, I saw a reddish orange object in the sky. At first I thought it was a jet making a vapor trail, but the trail didn't seem to get any larger, in fact it all seemed to be traveling at the same speed, and, in a northerly direction for at least a minute then it turned straight up and disappeared out of sight.

STARTING HERE - IT WAS DEEP ORANGE, AND THE BACK END WENT PINK.

When the object turned it did not make an arc but made a sharp turn like this [hand-drawn arrow]

The whole thing seemed to turn at one time. A jet would have had a curve to its turn but this did not. My wife and son were with me at the time. She was driving so I did not take my eyes off it until it was out of sight. They all saw it."

Mr.[redacted] (and wife)[redacted] Pike, Ft. Thomas, Ky. Object sighted in Northeast from Highland Hts, Ky at about 1:30 pm. Mr.[redacted] described the object as large, about the size of a nickel held at arm's length. It was quite oval and without apparent wings or tail or other appendages. He said the object appeared to be stationary for about a minute, and was quite low.

Thus, in brief, are the descriptions of the UFO's seen by three separate groups on October 14, plus the photographs. I hope they may prove to be of value to you and your command.

In light of the international crisis, I hope that I may be able to serve your command more thoroughly and expeditiously. I have not yet phoned Lt. Colonel U. S. Greene in Washington in regard to the matter discussed by phone on November 6, 1956. I believe a phone call would only add to the confusion already existing as to my status. I might try by letter, however, hoping that clarification might be obtainable.

Sincerely,

P.S. Please return the enclosed photographs and negatives to the writer after analysis. Let then in my responsibility.

[Handwritten note at bottom partially illegible]


- page 3 -

