PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 18 June 1956

2. LOCATION: Bandera, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 9:45 CST, GMT 19/0245Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS: No

6. SOURCE: Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 25 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 3 objects seen 3 times

9. COURSE: SE to SW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Several objects described as ball of fire at first believed to be meteors but as they seemed to go into formation this idea was discounted. They disappeared behind a hill and on reappearance they seemed to be doing stunts at speeds of 2000-3000 mph. Last very high.

12. CONCLUSIONS: Searchlights (checked)

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
19     June         1956
Day    Month        Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other one?
[Partially illegible text]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially illegible text]

UNCLASSIFIED
T-56-15952 A


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2,000 to 3,000 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5,000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Bandera Texas

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

What is your present job? Ranches W/Ag

Age 32 Sex Female

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College Southwest Texas State College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school
f. Other special training Texas University, and Baylor and Baylor College

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [date fields blank]

UNCLASSIFIED
T-56-7595 2A


- page 3 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 20 June 1956

[The rest of the text appears to be partially illegible due to image quality. Only fragments of sentences can be discerned, making a complete transcription impossible without potentially introducing errors.]

The document is marked as UNCLASSIFIED and has a document number T-56-15952B at the bottom.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

USAFTIS                                                                  Page 2

When they approached to about 15 miles they were vectoring around and around, and the ship seemed to be visible white, and then each spotlight was turned on and off for a few seconds for the purpose of signaling. After the first disappearance across the 15, 12 but one reappeared. On the third appearance only two could be seen.

At the bottom of the page, there are two additional markings:
UNCLASSIFIED
T-56-15952 B


- page 5 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DOI, 33D Air Div (Def), Tinker AFB, Okla, 25 Jun 56, Subj: UFOB
Report

AISOP                                     1st Ind                     10 JUL 1956

Hq 4602d Air Intelligence Service Squadron (ADC), Ent Air Force
Base, Colorado Springs, Colorado

TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: AFCIN-4E4,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio

1. Forwarded for your information and action deemed necessary.

2. A check with ADC Weather revealed the following information
concerning cloud cover and visibility in the area of the sighting at
the time of the sighting:

    a. Scattered clouds (less than 5/10 coverage) at 3,000 feet.

    b. Scattered clouds (less than 5/10 coverage) at 10,000 feet.

    c. Broken clouds (more than 5/10 coverage) at 30,000 feet.

    d. Cumulus cloud build up to the east.

    e. Fifteen mile visibility.

3. It is the opinion of this headquarters that this sighting was
possibly caused by searchlights in the San Antonio, Texas area (thirty-
five miles southeast of Bandera, Texas). Note that the objects appeared
to be low and southeast of the observers. The colors, speeds, and re-
volving motion would substantiate the above hypothesis.

4. No further action is contemplated by this organization.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature of RAY L JONES]
RAY L JONES
Maj, USAF
Adjutant

Classification Cancelled
OR Changed to UNCLASSIFIED
Auth AEC 265.10
Date 17 Oct 60
By H.G. Fichtner

This correspondence may be downgraded to
UNCLASSIFIED upon removal of nara.

UNCLASSIFIED

4602D AISS Classified
Document Log # 1-56-15952


- page 6 -

HEADQUARTERS
335 AIR DIVISION (DEFENSE)
TINKER AIR FORCE BASE, OKLAHOMA

DOI                                                                   25 JUN 1956
SUBJECT: UFOB Report

TO:   Commander
       Headquarters Air Defense Command
       Ent Air Force Base
       Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. The attached report received today by Headquarters 335 Air Division from the 741st ACAW Squadron, Lackland AFB, Texas, is forwarded for normal processing.

2. Commander, 741st ACAW Squadron, has been advised of non-conformance with JCADF Interim Change #1 to CCNADM 56-1, dated 15 February 1956.

3. If required, subject report will be re-submitted in accordance with current directives.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
F. G. RILEY
Captain, USAF
Adjutant

1 Incl
Form A - 5

[Various classification and document log markings at bottom of page]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 7 -

UNCLASSIFIED

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
18   June   1956
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:
8   15
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted/Illegible]
Nearest Postal Address   Bandera   City or Town   Bandera   State or Country   Texas

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight
d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

Classification Cancelled
OR Changed to
Auth: USAF
Date: 25.7.77
By: [Signature]

UNCLASSIFIED

T-56-75952A


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter then the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):
a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

o. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

UNCLASSIFIED
T-56-15952
Page 2


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: No sound was heard at any time.
    b. Color: Pale Pink or more Pinkish-white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch shows a circle and an elongated oval with an arrow indicating movement]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): 
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

[Some text in the "Other" section is partially illegible]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? [Partially obscured text]
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[A hand-drawn sketch shows multiple circles arranged in a curved line with arrows indicating movement]

At the bottom of the page:
UNCLASSIFIED    T-56-159524


- page 10 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
200-250 feet

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin   g. Silver dollar
               b. Pea             h. Baseball
               c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
               d. Nickel          j. Basketball
               e. Quarter         k. Other
               f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
      a. Certain   c. Not very sure
      b. Fairly certain   d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Faded from sight, last seen drifting

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The bottom of the text for Question 24 is partially illegible]

UNCLASSIFIED
T-56-15952 4


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? The just going along when suddenly out of the window out this object, which was some kind of thing.

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           e. South         g. West
b. Northeast       f. Southwest     h. Northwest
c. East            d. Southeast

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast     h. Northwest
e. South           f. Southwest

30. What direction were you looking when last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast     h. Northwest
e. South           f. Southwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 105 degrees.
b. From horizon 025 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 105 degrees.
b. From horizon 025 degrees.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

At the bottom of the page:
UNCLASSIFIED
T-56-15952 A


- page 13 -

