There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a Project 10073 record card with various fields filled in, including the date, location, type of observation, source, number of objects, length of observation, and conclusions. The text in the image has been transcribed below:

9 September 1956
BIG BETHEL, VIRGINIA
Ground-Visual
Civilians
ONE
20 minutes
Sighting was moon according to investigating officer, also verified by WX rpt that moon was visible at 2135 EST.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, describing a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: Sighting of Unidentified Aerial Object

1. On Sunday night, 9 September 1956, at 2035 (EST) Mr. ... , who resides at ... Lane, Hampton, Va., observed an unidentified object appear in the sky over his home. The object was circular in shape, emitting a bright light, and was approximately 35 to 40 feet in diameter. The object was observed for 15 to 20 minutes, during which time it made several abrupt maneuvers, changing directions and altitude. The movements of the object were followed till 2055 at which time it disappeared.

2. When first seen the object was bright red in color and the size of a basketball. As it approached, the object seemed to flatten out and the light seemed to dim. From time to time, the object would again brighten up. The object seemed to be under intelligent control. As it approached the witness, the object seemed to be at an altitude of approximately 1000 feet. The witness stated that if the color would darken to a deep red, the nearest distance at which it would appear would be about 500 yards.

3. The object seemed to be compared to the moon or crescent shaped. The witness stated that as the object approached, the shape seemed to change. He stated that at the position or crescent shape, the object appeared larger than the crescent moon. The witness stated that he first saw the object at 2035 (EST) and thought he saw the features of a human being inside the object.

4. The first sign of motion seen by Mr. ... was that the object appeared to disappear, and when next observed it had reappeared at a different location. Mr. ... who observed the object from her home near Mr. ...'s home, apparently saw the same features inside the object as Mr. ... had described. Her impression was that inside the object was a circle of light and what appeared to be a human silhouette within the circle of light. No sound was detected at any time.

5. The path of flight was of a circular descension from the height of approximately 1000 feet to about 500 yards in the direction of Yorktown, Virginia at 2055 (EST).

6. It was noted that no other aircraft were in the vicinity during the time that the object was observed. There were no contrails or vapor trails that could be associated with the object. No other objects interfered with the visibility which was good at the time.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book regarding an unidentified flying object sighting.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Date: 10 September 1956
Subject: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT, BIG BETHEL, VIRGINIA
Source: 1ST LT LUTHER A. FORTUNE, FIGHTER INTERCEPTOR SQUADRON
Date-Time Group: 10 SEPTEMBER 1956
Location: BIG BETHEL, VIRGINIA
On 10 September 1956, a military aircraft was sighted Sunday, 9 September 1956, at approximately 1908 hours by a ground observer over Big Bethel, Virginia. The object was described as round, approximately 25-30 feet in diameter, and was reportedly giving off a bright red glow. The object was observed for approximately 15 minutes before disappearing. Weather conditions were clear and there was no aircraft or other known objects in the area at the time. The report concludes that the object remains unidentified and provides no further information or evidence.

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image. Based on the OCR analysis, the text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Object
LOCATION: Big Bethel, Virginia
DATE-TIME GROUP: 07 September 1956, 2055 (EDT)
1. On 7 September 1956, at 2055 (EDT) an unidentified object was observed in the sky over Big Bethel, Virginia for approximately 10-15 minutes.
2. The object was described as bright, oval and larger than a star. It appeared to be the size of a small plane but no features could be distinguished. The object was motionless in the sky until it suddenly disappeared. No sound was heard.
3. Attempts to locate and identify the object were unsuccessful. There are no known aircraft of this type operating in the area. The report is considered unexplained.
4. Additional comments by the observers were that special note should be made of the time, as the object was seen in daylight but it was dark at the time. There were a few clouds in the sky but they were high and did not interfere with the visibility of the object.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" as part of a larger report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

8. The observers were Mr. G. H. McGarrigle and Mrs. McGarrigle.
9. Mrs. McGarrigle stated that her husband was not one given to hallucinations nor imagination, and he is positive that what he saw was not the moon.
10. The object was observed in the sky at an angle of approximately 40 degrees from the horizon, over Langley AFB approximately 10-15 miles away. It also varied somewhat in the car at different times.
11. The object was observed from 2115 to 2200 operations 10 September 1956, but due to the distance and the limited illumination of the object, it is necessary to make a more detailed investigation. This is being arranged for.
Comments of Investigating Officer:
1. The object was a bright object which the observers stated would fall within the 10 to 100 feet in diameter category and appeared to be illuminated from within. It was observed for approximately 45 minutes and was not observed to remain stationary but showed up and down and horizontal motion.
2. In all and though the object was not observed to be of unconventional design, the nature of the observation and the apparent characteristics of the object warrant further detailed investigation.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report dated September 12, 1956.

12 September 1956
SUBJECT: UFOB Report
TO: Commander
Air Defense Command
Ent Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado 

The enclosed UFOB Report is forwarded for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
STANLEY R BIRER
1st Lt, USAF
Adjutant

The rest of the text on the page appears to be handwritten notes or comments.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO.
PAGE 1 OF 2

1. On Sunday night, 9 September 1956, at 2035 (EST) an object was observed in the sky near Langley Air Force Base, Hampton, Va. The object appeared to be round or cigar-shaped and was said to have a bright light emanating from its upper part. Observations and tracking of the object continued until 2055 at which time it disappeared.

2. When the object was first seen, it was red in color and seemed to be about the size of a small star. As it was watched, its color gradually changed from red to orange and finally to white. The size of the object also appeared to increase to about twice its original size, and then to decrease again until it disappeared from view.

3. The object appeared to move in an east-west direction, or toward the observer, and then to the northeast. It moved at various speeds, at one time slowing down to a near stationary position, and at another time accelerating to a very high rate of speed. The nearest distance at which it was observed was two (2) miles.

4. The object appeared to the observers to be transparent or translucent, and had a definite shape, described as being circular or elliptical. Observers reported that the light or glow within the object appeared to fluctuate in intensity and that there seemed to be a dark or shadowy area in the center of the object.

5. The path of flight was of gradual deceleration from the height of one mile distant, at which point it disappeared, heading in a generally westerly direction.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from the Project Blue Book archives.

Transcription of the text in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

2. The observers were: Mrs. XXXXXXXXXX and Mrs. XXXXXXXXXX, electrician's wife.

3. Mrs. XXXXXXXXXX stated that her husband was not one given to balloons or unusual sights, but in this case he was positive that what he saw was unusual.

10. During the world war, Mrs. XXXXXXXXXX was in the Signal Corps at Langley AFB doing code work. She also worked with the CSI.

11. The observers stated that the UFO was in the South at 2115 (EST) and that the image on the radar scope was to the South-Southeastern sector. This accounted for why the radar only picked up sightings for the early attempts at investigation. This accounts for the early attempts at investigations.

Comments of Investigating Officers:
The opinion is that the object was definite and sighting could be real. The observers feel very sure of what they saw. There are some possible things that could account for the sighting, but generally it seems to be an unidentified. If General Order 13 (Est) could be applied, the general color and the disappearance in the cloud point to the possibility of the object being a star or meteor. However, the radar contact does not support this and it must be considered further.

HILTON V. HOWELL
1ST LT., USAF
Intelligence Officer

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
PAGE 2 OF 2 PAGES

8. The observers were not identified to me, but they contacted Langley AFB.

9. Mrs. ______ stated that her husband was not one to be hallucinating, and he does active duty and he is specific that that is what he saw was not the moon.

10. During World War II, she was in the Signal Corps at Langley AFB doing code work. She also worked with the CID.

11. The description of the object by the 20th Fighter Interceptor Squadron pilot has been correlated to this incident. On the evening of 7 September 1956 the pilot was executing his routine patrol when he observed an unusual object to the east-northeast. 

12. Attempts to contact the pilot at the 20th Fighter Interceptor Squadron have not met with success as he is presently at the Air Research and Development Command for the extended training inspection. This accounts for the limited investigation.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, detailing an unidentified object sighted by civilian observers on September 7-10, 1956 near Langley Air Force Base in Virginia.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Mr. Bethel near Langley AFB, Va. - 43rd Fighter Interceptor Squadron
7 September 1956 - 10 September 1956
Civilian Observers
The report describes the sighting of an unidentified object by civilian observers over several days. The object was seen by multiple observers and exhibited unusual characteristics, such as changing speeds and altitudes. Weather reports are mentioned as coinciding with the observers' descriptions. The report concludes with the signature of the Intelligence Officer.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document containing handwritten text.

Transcribed text from the document:

1. Claimed to see a Sighted 3 at the clust
Milo map
B 3/4 = 15.000(ample) = 3.000 gt
B = 1/3 = 5.000(appr.wt) 15.000 pt

2. Claim to be able to see a passage
after sunup Thaw part
4.5 Shape the area of 5 lightsd - (Mean
3. Shape the area of 5 lightsd (Meoric

4. Impossible. From a daylight
the width big ed at 0-36 - would
be a mean dawn light - with any Case
U.S. Grand old art negation.

5. Might they claim to be able to see see
easily up at 2 miles away - -
the dard.

6. Scatted clouds - moving with a
Moon seen setting part - dark, windy night -
Moon was - that area - is chance
25 ft - 25 ft - a impossibility of some(ote,)

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output the text found in the document:

"Addenda: Chesam: 
1. Wh - Cloudy, winds, may have been some slight rain - the haze.

2. No report of UFO or sighting 
     confirmed from:
     a. Radio units
     b. Gc units
     c. Air Police
     d. Others

3. Calls checked the UFO reports said 9 to have been of some considerable time ago - some fear that case a somewhat distantly similar replied - Nothing no search."

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from the United States regarding an unidentified flying object sighting near Big Bethel, Virginia on September 9-10, 1956.

The text found in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
COUNTRY: USA
SUBJECT: Big Bethel near Newport News, AFB, VA.
DATE OF REPORT: 9 September 1956
DATE OF OBSERVATION: 10 September 1956
OBSERVERS: Civilian Observers
REPORTED BY: Capt. R. E. Mccloskey, USAF, Port Smith
INTELLIGENCE OFFICER: Capt. V. T. Ford, Smith

SUMMARY: (Gives short summary of report. The significance is listed in concluding paragraph. List measures as lower left. Begin text of report on AF Form 112 - Part II.)

An unidentified flying object was sighted Sunday, 9 September 1956, between 2030 and 2130 hours (EST) near Big Bethel, approximately 15 miles west of the Newport News, AFB, Virginia. The object was described as bright, white, and luminous, and is estimated to have been at an altitude of approximately 10,000 feet and traveling in a southwesterly direction at an estimated speed of over 1,000 mph. The object followed a zig-zag path and then disappeared suddenly. Although the speed, altitude, and maneuverability of the object are inconceivable for any known aircraft, it was observed only for a brief period. The sighting lasted approximately 2 minutes and was terminated when the object disappeared suddenly. Although descriptions of the object vary slightly between observers, all agree that the object was brighter than a star or planet, followed an erratic path, and disappeared suddenly. Weather reports coincide with observer's description with the exception of the open canopy which was not twenty (20) minutes after the object was last seen moving out of sight in a downward flight path. The reliability of the civilian observers is unknown, but their sighting was reported to the Air Force and entered in the Blue Book files.

RITCH V. MCCLOSKEY
1LT, USAF
Intelligence Officer

- page 13 -

