PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
6 July 1956

2. LOCATION
Arenda, Columbia

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: not reported
GMT: not reported

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
Yes (1 Neg, 1 print)

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
multiple

9. COURSE
fell on ground

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Newspaper article stating that objects fell from sky and were recovered in Arenda, Columbia, South America.

11. COMMENTS
Letter dispatched to attaché in Bogata with request to recover objects if possible. Reply indicated that the pieces of metal had been turned over to the Colombian Security Police. Also there had been artillery firings in the area on date of sighting & the possibility of objects being in these shells was indicated. Objects not recovered, witnesses not located (could not be located).

12. CONCLUSIONS
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

B/Ltr fr ATIC to OM-141, dtd 23 Jul 56, subj: Request to Investigate
UFO Sighting - St. Ricardo L.

AFOIN-141-11                                                                   3rd Ind                                                      27 SEP 1956

Dept of the Air Force, Hq USAF, Washington 25, D. C.

TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson Air
Force Base, Ohio.

2 Incls
n/c


- page 2 -

Mr.
Air Technical Intelligence Center,
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
(Dayton, Ohio) - U.S.A. -

There is also a handwritten note in the top right corner that appears to say "storage collected?" but the text is slightly illegible.


- page 3 -

Remite: Ricardo L. Torrijos de Peñafiel
Apartado Aereo # 7505
Bogotá (Colombia). -


- page 4 -

NOTICIA APARECIDA EN EL PERIODICO "EL INTERMEDIO", DE JULIO 7/56

Platillos Voladores?
EXTRAÑO OBJETO HIZO EXPLOSION SOBRE EL CEMENTERIO DE ARANDA

Pasto, 6 - Las leyendas modernas sobre existencia de "Platillos Voladores", cobraron hoy gran actualidad. En efecto, un señor de apellido Luna, quien prestaba sus servicios en el cementerio de Nuestra Señora del Carmen, se presentó ayer a la Emisora Ecos de Pasto llevando extraños trozos metálicos, restos al parecer, de un artefacto bélico. Las partículas fueron recogidas en el camposanto, ubicado en Aranda, a eso de las 8 y 30 de la noche después de ser escuchadas ocho violentas y ensordecedoras explosiones.-

Dice el señor Luna que el espacio se cubrió con una espesa nube de humo azul tan intensamente brillante que tuvo que aplicarse en los ojos un pañuelo húmedo.-

Los restos hallados por el señor Luna fueron entregados al SIC a fin de establecer su origen. Las gentes de Aranda se hallan intrigadas con el extraño suceso y esperan ansiosas conocer las causas del fenómeno.-

We are in receipt of a letter from Bogota, Colombia written in Spanish. In translating it, we found that this observer (Señor [redacted]) observed an object (fireball or meteorite?) which he described as a "saucer". The significant thing is that this object exploded in the air, and he now (again) has a piece of it.

Rather than discard the letter, I intend to proceed with the following on the assumption that we may have a piece of meteorite or other matter from outer space, which is definitely of interest to the USAF.

a. Request the Ambassador or Air Attache interview the observer.
b. Submit findings, opinion, etc. on a 112.
c. Submit a specimen of the object with the report.

If its part of a tortilla can or ox cart wheel, we've lost nothing.
If it is meteorite fragment or part of saucer) -- our gain!


- page 5 -

The text in the image is largely illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. However, I can make out some handwritten text at the bottom right of the page which reads:

"Hf from
Apartado
Bogota, Colombia"

The rest of the typed text on the page is too blurry and faded to accurately transcribe.


- page 6 -

SPOT TRANSLATION

From the newspaper "EL Intermedio" on July 7, 1956 - - -

Flying Saucers?

Strange object made an explosion over the Cemetary of Aranda. A man who works in the cemetery, whose name is Luna, brought pieces of metal which he picked up after a number of explosions. He said the object was like a blue cloud and so bright that he had to protect his eyes. The pieces which he found were handed over to the SIC.


- page 7 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

AFOIN-4E

23 JUL 1956

SUBJECT: Request to Investigate UFO Sighting - Sr.

THRU: Director of Intelligence
Headquarters, USAF
ATTN: AFOIN-LAI
Washington 25, D. C.

TO: U. S. Air Attache
American Embassy
Bogota, Colombia

1. In accordance with provisions of AFR 200-2, dated
12 August 1954, request that the Air Attache, Bogota, Colombia
initiate action to investigate incident submitted in letter from
Sr. and the results made known to the Air Technical
Intelligence Center.

2. Further, request sample specimens of alleged object be
obtained for analysis by this Center, if preliminary investigation
indicates specimens cannot be identified either as to composition
or as part of man-made objects. Meteoric fragments, assuming
specimens to be such, are of interest to the Air Force and should
be submitted as part of any report on this incident.

3. A review of a brief translation, copy attached, indicates
that pieces of the object were turned over to an organization known as the SIC. This organization is unknown to this
Center.

4. Sr. address is as follows:
Apartado
Bogota, Colombia

FOR THE COMMANDER

2 Incls
1. Cy ltr fr Sr.
2. Cy Spot Translation

[Signature of Assistant Adjutant]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

B/1st fm ATIC to OTIC-LAI, dtd 23 Jul 56, subj: Request to Investigate
UFO Sighting - Sr.

AFOIN-LAI-11

Dept of the Air Force, Hq USAF, Washington 25, D. C.

TO: U. S. Air Attaché, American Embassy, Bogotá, Colombia

2 Incls
n/c

86 INF                                                   2d Ind
OFFICE OF THE AIR ATTACHÉ, US Embassy, Bogotá, Colombia, 10 Sep 56

THRU: Director of Intelligence, Hq USAF, Attn: AFOIN-LAI, Wash, DC

TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson
AFB, Ohio

1. Following information is offered in reply to basic communication:

    a. Aranda is a small village near Pasto in Southwest Colombia,
    3 days driving and approximately 2 hours flying time from Bogotá, with
    no commercial aviation scheduled. As the undersigned is not assigned
    an aircraft and the only officer assigned this office, it was impossible
    to make a personal visit to Aranda.

    b. SIC is the abbreviation of the name of the National Colombian Security Police. Interview with the officers of SIC in Bogotá indicates no information is available to the Colombian Government concerning UFO sightings or meteorite fragments in the Aranda-Pasto area.

    Calvary Group stationed at Pasto in the vicinity of Pasto and Aranda for
    several days around 6 July.

    c. It is believed that fragments mentioned in basic communication may possibly be fragments of 40mm or 20mm tracer used in the practice firing. It is known from personal experience in viewing demonstrations in mid-July in Bogotá that 40mm tracer ammunition was fired directly over homes in Bogotá into a hillside without any consideration for civilian safety in case of short rounds.

2


- page 9 -

B/ltr fm ATIC to OIN-1A1 w/1st Ind to OAIRA, Bogota, Colombia, dtd
23 Jul 56; subj: Request to Investigate UFO Sighting ...

d. Unable to locate Sr. _________ at the address
given. SIC has been requested to continue to inform this office of
any further information on the subject. Several articles have appeared recently in Colombian newspapers jesting at observers' reports
of articles seen in the sky as figments of imagination.

2 Incls
n/c

G W CRABBE
Colonel, USAF
Air Attaché

3


- page 10 -

