The image does not contain any photographs. The image appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card that provides details about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 31 August 1956
2. LOCATION: Worthington, Ohio
3. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Unknown
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: X to Y
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: One darkish yellow object, the size of small dollar, moved in a hopping manner (up-down) slowly. Sighting was visual only.
11. COMMENTS: Concur reporting officer's statement that cause of sighting was probable celestial phenomenon at the Ohio State Fair. Due to sketchy information in the original message, this sighting falls in to category of "probably" in the conclusions.
12. CONCLUSIONS: □ We Believe - Probably Balloon 
□ Possibly Balloon 
□ Was Astronomical 
□ Possibly Aircraft 
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation 
□ Other:_______

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The text is a description of a reported UFO sighting near Tiburon, California on August 26, 1956. The text describes the observer's account of seeing a flock of small birds flying northward, which the observer initially thought were a UFO until closer inspection. The text goes on to describe the observer's estimates of the speed, distance, and appearance of the objects. There is no image or photograph provided in this document.

26 August 1956
Tiburon, California

James C. Martin, Tiburon, Cal., Aug. 26, 1956. By letter this evening I will tell of his experience. As I was driving home, I noticed what appeared to be a flock of nine small birds flying northward. They were dark against the blue sky and were all moving in the same course. At first glance, I can not estimate their size or shape. They flew in a cluster, without rigid formation, moving freely about each other, but their course seemed straight. I believed they were birds until they passed behind a nearby hill. Measuring with my car speedometer, I found the distance between the point of observation and a point closely approximating the top of the hill they made arc of about 60 degrees in about five seconds. Allowing for an error of about 10/100, this distance of the objects and duration of time they made the arc of about 60 degrees in about five seconds. Allowing for an error of about 10/100, this distance of the objects and duration of time they were visible, they must have been traveling at least 550 mph. If my estimates are more nearly correct, however, and the distance they covered was not more than half behind the hill, had to be traveling at least 950 mph. Since the estimates are more nearly correct, and the distance they covered was not more than half that, they were traveling well over 1000 mph. There is no chance that the objects passed in front of the hill. The objects were quite dark and the hill a bright amber.

Sometimes an observer identifies such objects correctly, but later begins to doubt his own judgment. About 7:30 in the evening of August 26, 1956, a man driving along a highway in California noticed a flock of about nine small birds flying northward, dark against the blue sky. In a random group, they moved freely among themselves as birds do, but continued in a northern direction. The witness watched the birds as carefully as possible, but the intermittent glimpses possible when a man is driving a car did not allow him to make good estimates of their size or height. However, the calculations made at their distance and calculated that they covered an arc of about 60 degrees in about five seconds, which would indicate a speed of about 550 to 950 miles an hour.

Instead of trusting the accuracy of his estimate, for some reason he doubted his first identification. If the objects could fly so rapidly, he reasoned, then they were not birds after all, and must be flying saucers! [13]

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document. There is no human face visible in the image.

RCAF JET PILOT REPORT

A former RCAF jet pilot, now a station navigator, sighted a UFO sighting he had in 1956, while getting a cross-Canada speed record. Chased it for approximately 15 minutes, but lost it when it made a steep climb. He submitted a black-and-white photograph of the object, while cruising seven miles over the Canadian Rockies. The picture is being analyzed by a NICAP photographic advisor, and will be reported.

The incident occurred on Aug. 29, 1956, when Squadron Ldr. Chisholm and Flt. Lt. Hahn were speeding westward. The object "came alongside us from the right rear, traveling rapidly with a fuzzy outline." It is described as having been "sharply defined to the naked eye." A second picture, taken a few minutes later from above storm clouds at 47,000 feet, showed that the UFO had remained stationary.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document that appears to describe an observation made by Miss Norma Mello in Fairhaven, Massachusetts on August 27, 1956. The text describes an object that was observed for about half an hour, moving horizontally back and forth in the same area. The object was described as motionless and appeared to be about the size of a grapefruit.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
27 August 1956
Fairhaven, Massachusetts

Case 202, Fairhaven, Mass., Aug. 27, 1956—Miss Norma Mello tells of an observation made by her aunt and uncle. She writes: "At about 8:25 p.m. Mrs. P. W., who was standing at the east window, called to Mr. P. W. to come and see the object which was motionless, appeared to be about the size of a grapefruit. 'There was a small reddish dish light to the right of it,' and Mr. Bence continued watching it until it faded away about one-half hour later. Twenty-five minutes later, Mrs. Bence looked again and the object was back, horizontally back and forth in the same area. About 5 a.m. it faded away as if into a mist."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, providing details about Case 203 from Eureka, California on August 30, 1956. The text on the page describes that three persons saw a "meteor" early Thursday as they drove toward Eureka, but one observer said it was the biggest and brightest he had ever seen, and that it was on the highway as bright as day.

No Case (Information Only)
30 August 1956
Eureka, California

Case 203, Eureka, Cal., Aug. 30, 1956—The New Orleans Times-Picayune reported, three persons saw a "meteor" early Thursday as they drove toward Eureka. One observer said it was the biggest and brightest he had ever seen, and that it was on the highway as bright as day.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text-only document describing a reported UFO sighting.

No Case (Information Only)
30 August 1956
Williamstown, Kentucky

Case 204, Williamstown, Kentucky 11:30 p.m. August 30, 1956. Two civilians, South Williamstown, Kentucky Research Director saw a large brilliant ovoid object, suddenly zip from west to east across the horizon. "It was so low" the object appeared to be about the size of a dime held at arm's length, looked "green and as large as a silver dollar" when the witness first sighted the object. The indistinguishable speed was so great that the true contours were not discernible, however, whiteness and a bright pulsation or glow were observed. Research Director was also viewing south about a half minute before he saw the same object, for about a second, the object appeared to be slanting in toward earth.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing only text.

The text reads as follows:

No Case (Information Only) 30 August 1956 
Cincinnati, OHIO

Case 205. Cincinnati, Ohio, 10:05 p.m., Aug. 30, 1956 - A prominent lawyer phoned the writer describing a single white light sizzering to the north as though it were following a heavenly swiftness. He said it came like a "bird" being rowed of and on the water and like a "bead being rowed of and on"--making no sound.
The object disappeared into infinity. . . .

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

The text in the document is as follows:

NO Case (Information Only)                        30 August 1956
London, England

1956, Aug. 30--London, England--10:28 P.M. Radar-Visual alert. Fighter planes west of London self-identified Flight planus Ground-Center controlled. Saw it, too. It was at about 4000 to 5,000 ft. Search planes never got to 6,000 ft.-- but couldn't find the dull light.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
31 AUGUST 1956
CINCINNATI, OHIO

CASE 206, CINCINNATI, OHIO, 6 P.M., AUG. 31, 1956 - HARRY BARRETT DRIVING IN HEAVY TRAFFIC WAS STOPPED LONG ENOUGH TO GET A GOOD GLIMPSE OF AN OBJECT WHICH APPEARED TO BE A MUSHROOM. IT HAD THE CENTER SKY AND WAS TRAVELING IN A STRAIGHT LINE TO THE SOUTH. AT ONE TIME THE OBJECT SEEMED TO FADE OUT, AND IT REAPPEARED STILL TRAVELING SOUTH, LOOKING MUCH SMALLER.

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a table with various location names, observers, and evaluations.

1 - 12 SEPTEMBER 1955 SIGHTINGS

LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
Cascade, Iowa Civilian Astro (UNSTELLAR)
Denver, Colorado (CASE MISSING) Civilian Astro (UNSTELLAR)
Pueblo, Colorado (CASE MISSING) Military Astro (UNDETERMINED)
Dayton, Ohio (CASE MISSING) Unknown Astro (UNSTELLAR)
Dryden, Ohio Unknown Astro (MARS/PLANETS)
Snoqualmie, Washington Civilian Astro (UNSTELLAR)
Denver, Colorado (CASE MISSING) Civilian Astro (UNSTELLAR)
Dayton, Ohio Civilian Astro (STELLAR)
Ashtabula, Ohio Civilian Astro (UNDETERMINED)
Silver Springs, Maryland Civilian Astro (METEORS)
Washington, D.C. Civilian Astro (UNKNOWN)
Callicoon, New York Civilian Astro (UNSTELLAR)
Kalispell, Montana Military Astro (MARS)
Dayton, Ohio Civilian Astro (MARS)
Plymouth, New Hampshire Civilian Astro (MARS)
Vandalia, Ohio Military Astro (UNDETERMINED)
Parma Heights, Ohio Military Insufficient Data
Dallas, Texas Civilian Astro (MARS)
Concord, New Hampshire Civilian Insufficient Data
Camp Drum, New York Military Astro (UNSTELLAR)
Olympia, Washington Military Balloon
Pasadena, California Civilian Astro (PHOTO PLAY)
Gold Bay, Portland, Oregon Civilian (CASE MISSING) Aircraft
Carlsbad, New Mexico (CASE MISSING) Civilian Astro (UNDETERMINED)
Dayton, Ohio Civilian Astro (UNSTELLAR)
Pasadena, California Civilian Astro (UNDETERMINED)
Mt. Bethel, Virginia Civilian Astro (UNDETERMINED)
Fullerton, Indiana Civilian Astro (UNDETERMINED)
Rossville, Georgia (CASE MISSING) Civilian Aircraft
Syracuse, New York Military Astro (UNSTELLAR)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (*NOT CASES*)

LOCATION SOURCE
Cheyenne, Idaho Military
Monroeville, New Jersey Military
Westfield, Ohio Civilian
Hanford, Washington Military
Le Sueur, Minnesota Military
Washington, Oregon Military
Hastings, Nebraska Military
La Porte, New Jersey Military
Louisville, 43, Kentucky Military
Bellmore, Long Island Military

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

JEDWP HQRS WPAFB:YR:15:PLACE
DR R.TJEDUL RJEDUL RUEFFO
DE RJEDUL 7N
R 211352Z
FM COMDR 66+4TH ACAU. -SDDI ELLEFONTAINE OHIO
TO COMDR RJEDEM APC ENT AFP COLORADO SPRINGS COLORADO
INFO RJEDUL COMR 5ETH ADIV (DEF) W/P AFP DAYTON OHIO
RJEDWF COMR AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER W-P AFP OHIO
RJEPHC COMDR DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE HEADQUARTERS USAF WASHINGTON D. C.
BT
YU R C L A S/ EFCDO 227 FD IAU AFR 225-2 THE FOL RJPT IS SUB FD
1 A UNK
B HALF DOLLAR
C DARKISH YELLOW
D NONE
E N/A
F N/A
G NONE
NOTE H
1 MOVING NORTH TO SOUTH SLOWLY
2 A UNK
B UNK
C UNK
D NOTHING NORTH TO SOUTH SLOWLY
3 A GROUND VISUAL
B NONE
C N/A
4 A 22 AUG 56
B NIGHT
RL 24-7

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing handwritten text.

OCR output:
WORTHINGTON, OHIO
18 AUGUST 1956
Lt USAF Intelligence Ofc. Object believed to be reflection from spotl ight at ohio state fair

3/16/52 AUG RJEDEL

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text.

LETTER 30 CASE INFORMATION SHEET

Letter received by Dr. Rynex from Duluth, Minn.
24 hand report of observation in 1956 or 1957.

Dear Mr. _____,

This letter is in answer to your inquiry about the experience I had saw years ago on a sighting. The history on flying saucers in the United States on this subject became quite well known.

On or about August 20, 1956 or '57 (it is hard to pinpoint the exact date) I received a phone call from a newspaper reporter. He said he had received a report from a little Ohio town called Worthington stating that a family had seen a large flying object at about 2100 the night before. This object was described as being of enormous size, oval in shape, and a glowing white with many lights around its sides. As it passed over, it seemed so close that the observer said he could see what appeared to be massive observation windows on the object's surface. They estimated the object to be approximately 100 feet in diameter while I considered it to be a case of a so-called flying saucer image. The newspaper reporter from Columbus representing the Columbus Dispatch asked me, having a background in astronomy, to come out and examine the scene, to see if I could throw any light on the subject. 

Not being enthusiastic, as I had been plagued with calls of this sort in the past, nevertheless, I agreed to go. When I arrived, the family related their experience in detail. They stated that the object appeared suddenly from the north, hovered almost directly overhead for approximately 2 to 3 minutes, made an extremely sharp angular turn, and then disappeared rapidly in the distance. I must admit, so was I. The object appeared to be about the size of a 5-story house and about half-block long. I stepped off the distance involved and we both watched it perform what seemed to be absolute impossible maneuvers. The object flew off in a tremendous speed - so fast that it literally vanished from sight. I told the family that I could not explain what they had seen, and that I agreed it was a strange and unusual occurrence, for which I had no logical explanation. Since there are no known craft of such dimensions and maneuverability, the event must remain a mystery. I advised the family that I would report the incident to the Air Force and recommend an immediate investigation. 

Within a day or two, a Captain and a Major from Wright-Patterson AFB arrived, interviewed the family, examined the scene, and obtained all the details. When they left, they stated that an official report would be filed at Project Blue Book, and that the Air Force would give the matter serious consideration. What ever became of their final conclusions, I never did find out. Since the event, I have personally received several letters from private citizens inquiring about the case, but I have no additional information to provide. I can only state that the object was of enormous size, performed maneuvers which defied explanation, and left me and the family who observed it completely baffled. I am certainly like to find one for logical explanation.

Sincerely,

- page 13 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in the image. The image shows a handwritten document that appears to be a Project Blue Book case report.

Dear Mr. 

This is in answer to your inquiry about the experience I had a few years ago on a sighting. The history on flying saucers being fairly well known, I personally must admit I looked upon this subject with considerable indifference when this happened. 

On or about August 20, 1956 or '57 (it's hard to pinpoint the exact date) I was sitting on my front porch during the evening when suddenly I glanced up and saw an object hovering about 50 feet above the trees on the edge of my front yard. This object appeared to be about 30 feet in diameter and about 6 feet thick at the center, where there seemed to be a dome. I at first thought it was a helicopter, but quickly realized it was not, for the craft made no sound and appeared to be motionless. As I gazed at it, it suddenly shot straight up into the sky at a terrific speed, disappearing within a second or two.

I stood there amazed and called to my husband who was in the house. Before he could come out, the object was gone. I immediately telephoned the sheriff's office to report what I had seen, but no one there seemed to take it very seriously.

Later that night, two boys who lived across the street from me also reported seeing the object. The next morning, when my husband went to work, he told some of his fellow workers about it, but they too seemed inclined to pass it off as my imagination.

I am not given to fantastic ideas or to a vivid imagination, and I know what I saw that evening. It was certainly no airplane, helicopter, or any other known aircraft. I have no desire to frighten or alarm anyone, but I felt I should report this incident, which was quite startling to me at the time. I hope you will find this report of some interest.

Sincerely,

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document states:

No Case (Information Only)                             21 August 1956
Ft Lauderdale, Florida

Case 197. Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, Aug. 21, 1956--For twenty minutes, six vacationers watched three strange objects cavorting over the Atlantic Ocean. First in view, the three lights appeared whitish, and according to one witness, seemed to be playing aircraft-like maneuvers including dipping in and out of the ocean. Later a third object appeared on the scene. It was noted that none of the objects made sound.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

21 August 1956
Los Angeles, California

NO CASE (Information Only)

Case 195, Los Angeles, Cal., Aug. 21, 1956--A letter from Vivian Marsh relates: "My father saw a ball of five traveling across the sky at about 8:15 p.m. in a straight horizontal course. At first it looked like five, then it looked like one and in 20 minutes, having seen nothing we went to bed. Five minutes later we saw a fireball and rushing outside we were in time to see it disappear over the western horizon. It was traveling in a wavy motion, occasionally stopping. It was heading north one moment, and the next it was heading south. It accelerated more going south and went over a plane that was coming in. It passed the plane, changed its direction both ways and the plane vanished. I noticed that a much smaller ball of fire followed the plane, and two others were underneath or on the side of the plane."

Ed: The L.A. Times reported "other flying stuff" for the same sighting as follows: "Another observer stated that he saw an unidentified object in the shape of a football that hovered over the San Fernando Valley. The object was apparently elongated shape, which appeared to be bathed in the glare of something and to be going up and down like an elevator. In the opinion of the observer, the object was not an aircraft, but was a "missile" seen cruising across the San Fernando Valley skies. Of course, to the writer it was what Vivian Marsh saw: the wavy motion, the accelerations, the disappearance into the horizon rather than a crash."

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

NO CASE (Information Only)  
23 August 1956  
New Orleans, Louisiana  

Case 198, New Orleans, La., 8:35 p.m., Aug. 23, 1956--
Richard Hall writes: "We have been on the watch for several nights because of increase in UFO reports, and tonight we were rewarded. We had seen several meteors and were familiarizing ourselves with the appearances of planes at night, too high to be heard. Earlier, we had seen two or three such planes, and now were 100 startled to see an object moving overhead in the night sky. We raised the binoculars and commented that it could be no known aircraft lights. In fact, it appeared to be luminous. Abruptly, the object made a 90 degree turn which brought it out of my chair. Then it made another sharp turn and continued to the NE. It proceeded about 20 degrees before it was lost to sight. It was impossible to reconstruct. At this point, the object repeatedly flickered out or disappeared, returning momentarily as if struggling against an unseen force. Here and there its path was marked by impossible changes of direction. Gradually the field of motion diminished and the object became smaller and smaller until it disappeared from sight. I lost sight of it when I tried to locate it in the telescope, and we didn't see it again. Using the star it passed, and the landmark above which it was last seen, I estimate its maximum size as 50-75 feet in diameter and its maximum speed as 600-800 miles per hour.".

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It is a text-based document that appears to be a case report from Project Blue Book, describing an incident that occurred on August 23, 1956 in Torrance, California.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
23 AUGUST 1956 
TORRANCE, CALIFORNIA

Case 199. Torrance, Cal. Aug. 23, 1956—Headlined the Torrance Press: "Is Guardsmen See Flying Saucer". The men are members of Torrance's Naval Guard unit. According to those who observed the UFO was Capt. Douglas Hollaender, CO of Co. B 112nd Armored Engineer Battalion. Said Capt. Hollaender, "It was 6:10 p.m. Our convoy was about six miles north of Santa Barbara at Goleta. We was sitting in the front of the jeep, half asleep. Suddenly, M/Sgt. William Lyons pointed up, and we saw the shoulder of a large, silvery object rising slowly, like the top of a tin can. It was sitting at about 1000 ft. elevation. It was round and shiny like the top of a tin can. First I thought it was a blimp, but it was at a 45 degree angle from us, toward the left. All at once it seemed sideways and then instantly up to about 5000 ft. in a tight angle, like the boom of a weather balloon, but suddenly it came down again to a 2000 ft. elevation. We saw the object for about eight minutes until it seemed to pause and then make a downward turn. It was time to halt the convoy. Some of the men had seen the object, too. To look at them, you'd think they'd seen a ghost. Added the Captain, "The object was definitely not an aircraft, balloon, or missile, we don't think." Said Sgt. Lyons, "I don't think it was possibly from outer space. I don't think we have anything like it."

- page 18 -

