The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a Project 10073 record card from Cairo, Egypt dated July 6, 1956. The record card provides details about the sighting, including the location, type of observation, number of objects, course, and a brief summary of the sighting. The record card notes that seven images were sent for analysis, and provides conclusions about the sighting, indicating that two of the images were identified as birds, while three dot-like faults were likely caused by mechanical means such as scratches or vibrations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE                  2. LOCATION
6 July 1956              Cairo, Egypt

3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION   4. TYPE
□ Aerial                 □ Ground-Visual
█ Ground-Visual          □ Ground-Radar 
□ Air-Visual             □ Airborne-Radar

5. PHOTOS                6. SOURCE
Yes                     Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION  8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Photo of 7 images sent     7
for analysis

9. COURSE
Unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Photo of 7 images sent for analysis.

11. COMMENTS
"Transparency of seven images in rough circle. Two of the images were identified as birds by their apparent characteristics. The other three are dot-like faults, possibly caused by mechanical means such as scratches or vibrations."

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
█ Possibly Aircraft
□ Astronomical
█ Possibly Astronomical
█ Other: Birds - Unidentified. One for evaluation

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document states:

This Case Includes
Three (3) 1 5/8" x 2 1/2" negatives,
One (1) 4" x 5" print, One (1) 6 3/4" x 9 7/8" print, and One (1) newspaper clipping.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a routing and coordination sheet from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The sheet is dated July 17, 1956 and is related to a request for analysis of a UFO file from Cairo, Egypt.

The text in the document is as follows:

(2) Request for Analysis of UFO File - Cairo, Egypt
AFOIN-4b2
17 JULY 56
Mr. J. V. Willner
AFOIN-4X25 - In accordance with established ATIC policy for the review and analysis of UFO reports, your analysis and comments concerning the attached file are requested.
AFOIN-4X3 - When a written report of data was included with the file to assist in the review, the correspondence is considered "international" in nature.
AFOIN-4A

HENRY A. MILEY 
Chief, Air Sciences Division
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 3 -

The image contains a photograph of a positive transparency that has been reviewed. The transparency appears to show approximately 7 light images arranged roughly in a circle, which are identified as birds in flight. The remaining 5 images are described as probably additional birds, however their wings cannot be seen.

Text from the document:

DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO.
SUBJECT
(U) Request for Analysis of UFO Film - Cairo, Egypt
TO
AFOIN-4D2s
FROM
AFOIN-4D2
DATE 18 Jul 56
COMMENT NO. 1
ATTN: Capt Gregory W.P. Villiner
1. In accordance with established ATIC policy for the review and analyses of UFO reports, request your analysis and comments regarding the attached film received from Cairo, Egypt.
2. Although no written report or data was included with the film to assist in the requested review, the correspondence is considered "internal" in nature, and must be given some consideration.

Incl:
1. UFO Film

TO:
AFOIN-4D2
FROM:
AFOIN-4D2
DATE:
18 Jul 56 COMMENT NR 2
ATTN:
Capt Gregory
ORGANIZATION/BLDG 52173/Bldg 26, Room B6
1. The attached 35 mm positive transparency has been reviewed and the following information is noted:
a. Approximately in the center of the transparency are 7 light images arranged roughly in a circle. Two of the images are identified by their wings as birds in flight. The remaining 5 images are probably additional birds however in such attitudes of flight that their wings cannot be seen.
b. Within this circle are 3 small "dot" like faults in the film, emission caused probably by some mechanical means, i.e. scratching or other processing.

1 Incl:
1. s/c
WILBER PRICE, JR.
AFOIN-4D2

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the image states:

"This case includes

One (1) 2" x 2" Transparency (Slide)."

- page 5 -

