PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 June 1956

2. LOCATION
Arlington, Virginia

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local
QM 15/04307

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes   ☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
NE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Golden sphere, flickering. No change in speed or brightness. Looked like roman candle just before it explodes. Level flight. Observed in West and disappeared in North descending slightly from 60 dgr elevation to 30 dgr elevation. No maneuvering.

11. COMMENTS
Sighting characteristic of meteors. Duration rather long; however, object traveled through 90 dgr arc while giving the impression of going away fm observer.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☒ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☒ Was Astronomical Meteor
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] ARLINGTON VIRGINIA
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
What is your present job? Military Intelligence Specialist - Dept of Defense
Age 56 Sex MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school Civil Engineer
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 June 1956


- page 2 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may restate information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [blacked out]
SIGNATURE [blacked out]
DATE 20 June 1956

Late in the evening 20 June 1956 my wife and I were sitting in our front yard after returning from a short trip to the [illegible] at the [illegible] picnic. It was approximately the time was approximately 11:30 but did not check the time exactly. My wife was facing the southwest or west and saw what she called a bright object of the west of the house we might and called my attention to it. My first was turned to the S.W. and I had to turn to see what she was observing. I saw it was a light source before it disappeared behind the trees. The path of the light was parallel to the roof ridge and not far above it as far as I can recollect. Returning, - I drew what I had watched out a few steps to see where it had gone and then it appeared on the other side of the tree, in the sky of some kind continued on what seemed to be a kind of flight travel the north, 2nd time with a golden & not blue glow or very definitely, not brilliant or flashy. There we no sound at all.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 10

There were at the time some bright objects in the sky to the SE and we had noticed them, they seemed to be glowing in the opposite direction and we shot at the time something with shot, then will move closer to the SE because I saw some reflection that but the clouds were scattered, stars were shining only like top of the horizon, and so that was much clear sky in the background of the with of the object. So it did not ultimately appear with himself as but remained stationary in view after 3 just up from the time - so did not start to move as to cause flight and we would. It seemed as close as a low flying small plane would come, but may have been far away and actually traveling much faster. The 3rd would estimate of time may be in view 100 s. on the time figured from the time my wife first spoke about it.

So was told tonight an item in the paper about something being observed something about ought short not seen - my neighbor is surely the star for me - was interested both military intelligence (Ext. Rec'd) and a civilian visitor army officer (M.I.D. engineering) and reported. This to air force intelligence as soon as I was able to do so - figured I was just after to have this typical and did not expect much to do in getting down there


- page 4 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

15 June 1956

Mr. [redacted]
Arlington, Virginia

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

In response to your telephone conversation with this office, I am enclosing a copy of the USAF Technical Information Sheet which we desire that you complete as best you can on the aerial phenomena which you have observed.

It is requested that you forward the completed form to the following address:

Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTENTION: AFOIN-4E

Your prompt action is greatly appreciated.

Sincerely,

TIMOTHY R. JOHNSON
Lt Colonel, USAF
Directorate of Intelligence

Encl:
Endorsement: - June 20, 1956
Information sheet has been accomplished and is returned herewith as requested.

Incl:1-
Accomplished form


- page 5 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
14 JUNE 1956
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 11 30 (Night)
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Arlington                                   Arlington, Virginia
Nearest Postal Address                      City or Town                   State or Country

Additional remarks: 9 mi. west yard of my home

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: ______ Hours ______ Minutes ______ Seconds Estimate

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
    a. Certain     b. Fairly certain     c. Not very sure     d. Just a guess
    Estimate

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight     d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight       e. No trace of daylight     11:50 PM
             c. Bright twilight     f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember
                                    N/A

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One)    Yes    b. No    c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)    Yes    No    Don't Know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?    Yes    No    Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?    Yes    No    Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?    Yes    No    Don't Know
e. Change brightness?    Yes    No    Don't Know
f. Change shape?    Yes    No    Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?    Yes    No    Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
[Partially illegible text in response section]

13. Did this object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
[Blank response section]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):    a. Solid?    b. Transparent?    c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No

e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope    Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other [blank]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound - None - Heard silence
    b. Color - Golden yellow - a weird spectrum -

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Unable to outline other than as an invisible to a human - unable at first to quite explode, just larger and persistent speed and will flight

18. The edges of the object were-
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember
    a. Other: ________________

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

    one only


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. ______ Seemed 70 to 100 feet than a 30-inch board nearby

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other____

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain____
b. Fairly certain+

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? at a point through with it went out of sight just left field of vision gradually faded from view before disappearing

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a sphere not sharply outlined made of a material that would stand some test that similar to my golf satellite but not so brilliantly. - I have no idea how to describe an interested system visible that was not without a bright color out a white line - I have never seen anything I am completely this object to.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that is partially legible, appears to describe sitting with wife in front of yard, noticing something]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? [Handwritten: 74]

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 90 degrees
b. From horizon 60 degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 0 degrees
b. From horizon 30 degrees

[Additional handwritten notes on the side of the document]


- page 10 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

[Handwritten notes on the first sketch are partially illegible, but appear to say something near point A and point B]

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

[The page contains two sketches: a smaller one on the right with a simplified road and horizon, and a larger, more detailed sketch on the left showing a road with buildings and trees, with a figure standing in the middle of the road]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
15 June 1956 (with handwritten notes)

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: (blacked out)

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones? (blank)

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
(Handwritten text that is partially illegible)

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 12 -

