PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
17 September 1956

2. LOCATION
Bloomfield, Crane & Vincennes, Indiana

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1910 1930 CST (N)
GMT 18/0610Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 minutes/5 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
two gone

9. COURSE
north

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
1) Two objects with unknown shapes, and size. Color white to red green. Object seemed to float around & then stand still. No sound, no trail, there were transport a/c and jet planes in area.

2) 18/0020Z One egg-shaped silver object, size of a nickel at arm's length. Object was initially sighted in the east, traveled a SW course & disappeared. In the south by fading out of sight. Object was viewed visually for 5 mins.

11. COMMENTS
Concur w/preparing officer and conclude Form 164 that sighting caused by a/c.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
[X] Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

2466TH AIR RESERVE FLYING CENTER
United States Air Force
Bakalar Air Force Base
Columbus, Indiana

DO

SUBJECT: Transmittal of Report of "UFOs"

TO: Commander
Air Defense Command
Hnt Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, with the exception of
AF Form 112 proenbility, the attached report is forwarded.

2. This organization was not the original reporting agency
and in accordance with Section 4, paragraph b, AFR 200-2, has
conducted no field investigation.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

1 Incl
Ltr, US Naval Ammo Depot
Crane, Indiana
9 Oct 56


- page 2 -

U. S. NAVAL AMMUNITION DEPOT
CRANE, INDIANA

IN REPLY REFER TO:
AB(2)-ADB:ham
Ser 2045
9 October 1956

From: Commanding Officer, U. S. Naval Ammunition Depot, Crane, Indiana
To: Commanding Officer, Bakalar Air Force Base, Columbus, Indiana

Subj: Unidentified flying objects; report of investigation of

Ref: (a) STD INSTR 3820.1A dtd 2 February 1956

Encl: (1) NOC 1048 for 17 September 1956 (erroneously dtd 19 Sept 56)

1. Subject report has been compiled in accordance with reference (a).

2. In the evening of 17 September 1956, six persons from Crane Village, located on the western edge of the Depot, reported seeing unidentified flying objects. Two persons reported seeing unidentified flying objects over the Depot that same evening from a farm on Bloomfield, Indiana.

3. The Crane Village witnesses all agreed that the objects were sighted between 1910 and 1930. Two objects were seen several miles to the northeast. The objects would float around then stand still. There was a bright light on each object changing in color from white to red to green.

4. A large aircraft was reported by the Crane Village witnesses to have approached the two objects and banked toward one of them, then turned away in a dive toward the other approximately 2000 feet away. The two objects were reported to have maneuvered for a while as if chasing one another, and then sped away to the north. One witness stated that the objects left faster than any aircraft he had ever seen.

5. Twilight had descended and none of the Crane Village witnesses could see the shape of the objects. One witness states that these objects gave off an illuminating glow. Most of the witnesses stated that the objects were at an altitude of 2000 to 3000 feet and that no noise were heard nor vapor trails seen.

6. The names, addresses and occupations of the Crane Village witnesses are as follows:

[Names and details are redacted/blacked out]

7. The witnesses from Bloomfield, Indiana, are Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] who say the objects from their farm house on the evening


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

of 17 September 1956 at 1800 Central Standard Time. They reported seeing two objects approximately three miles high over the northeast section of the Depot. They said that each object bore a bright light which turned red when the object moved around. They had at first seen a single large light that changed course frequently and at times stood still, that a smaller light detached itself from the larger one, and that the larger object then traveled in a similar orbit. They said that the only other object they saw in the area was a jet plane that they over the objects at a distance of approximately 1000 feet and did not appear to have sighted the jet. They heard no noise from the objects although in their opinion they were close enough to the objects to have heard a motor. They said the objects left traveling northwest at a high rate of speed approximately thirty minutes.

8. Enclosure (1) was prepared from a description of aircraft in the area at the time the unidentified flying objects were sighted. The description was given by the sentry on duty at the time at Gate #8, which is located at the northeast corner of the Depot, approximately 10 miles from Crane Village which is located on the western edge of the Depot.

9. This report was prepared by the Legal Officer attached to the Depot, whose comments and preliminary analysis of possible causes is as follows:

The red color could have been caused by the flaming engines of the two transports reported over the Depot by the sentry. Since the witnesses had no perspective, the circling planes might have appeared at times to hover. If a jet flew over the transports, the contrast between speeds must have been pronounced. Aircraft occasionally fly over the Depot.

Copy to:
G-80
Commander, Eastern Sea Frontier
Commandant, 9ND

Signed at the bottom by H. S. HARNEY


- page 4 -

ENCLOSURE (1)

DOC 104.8     REPORT OF LOW FLYING AIRCRAFT OVER NAD, CRANE, INDIANA

1. Date and Time (C.S.T.) sighted 9/19/56 [redacted]

2. Depot location over which plane passed Gate #1, Circled 3rd Area and then back off Depot

3. Direction of travel of plane West - then circled back east

4. Estimated altitude of plane [blank]

5. Serial number of plane (Use binoculars if available) Unable to obtain

6. Color markings of plane [blank]

7. Any other descriptive information such as maneuvers, number of passengers, etc. Data #1 reported 2 transports (C-119's) allowing a big long light under plane or the tail. Left Depot. One plane appeared to have base on fire.

Officer's Name
India 2
Zone                                                  Enclosure (1)

Copied at NAD Crane -kmm 10/12/56


- page 5 -

