PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
29 September 1956

2. LOCATION
NE Prescott, Arizona

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1945 (N)

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
35 to 45 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object like a very bright star, object moved with a reddish light and appeared to have a slight oscillating movement. Possibly the size of a conv a/c.

11. COMMENTS
Probably meteor. Object moved through 90 deg. at extreme altitude. Description of red & pulsating indicates possible a/c. However, duration rather short; insufficient data for conclusion.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Checked boxes include:
- Probably Balloon
- Probably Aircraft
- Insufficient Data for Evaluation


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

L&D 246-C-411

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Sighted
           29 Sept 56 near Prescott, Arizona

TO:    Commander
        Air Defense Command
        Hq ADS, Colorado Springs,
        Colorado

1. Transmitted herewith are two copies of a report prepared
   by ________, San Diego, California, pertaining to subject sighting.

2. This report was received by this office from the District
   Intelligence Officer, 11th Naval District, San Diego, California.

3. No further action is contemplated by this office.

1 Incl a/s                                PAUL H. GREMS
                                           Colonel, USAF
cc: Dir OSI w/incl                         District Commander
    Comdr, Williams AFB,
    Ariz. w/incl.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
(AFR 205-15)


- page 2 -

San Diego 17, Calif.
October 20, 1956

Commander Kenney
Eleventh Naval District
San Diego, Calif.

Re: U.F.O. Code 32. In answer to oral request by Commander Gallon of the Eleventh Naval District.
Naval Instructions 3820.1 of Nov. 4, 1952

I. Brief Description.
A. Physical description - Of the same brilliance as a very bright star on a clear night in a location such as the desert where the air is clear. It glowed with a reddish light and appeared to have a slight oscillating movement as it moved across the sky.

B. Sound - None that was discernable to us. We were camped in a quiet and secluded area about one mile from the highway.

C. Size - Possibly the size of a conventional aircraft although under the conditions of night and distance it would be difficult to say.

D. Aerodynamic features - no idea.

II. Time - date - etc.
A. Time of Day - 1945 hours.
B. Date - September 29, 1956.
C. Length of the U.F.O. was observed - 35 to 45 seconds. We felt to be a conservative estimate. We have since re-enacted or re-examined this at the time and timed them and this is our conclusion.

III. Maneuvers - speed - altitude.
A. Maneuvers - Level, straight flight in relation to the horizon with the exception of the slight oscillation.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

I. Date - This can be calculated. Was 11 years approximately 30 degrees above the horizon in clear sky, covering an arc of approximately 15 degrees. This was 15 seconds. The sky was covered was no less than fifty miles, and possibly more.

C. Altitude - 20,000 to 30,000 feet if approximately the size of known aircraft.

D. Type - no idea.

IV. Location.

A. Physical location - 8.5 miles northeast of Prescott, Arizona at the Kiwanis campground.

B. From us - Observed in the south, traveling east, we were facing in town looking and watching the sky.

V. Observers - Mr. and Mrs. [redacted]

A. [Redacted text] I was raised around airplanes. My father was a test pilot in the twenties, and I grew up near Del Norte. I was raised in San Diego for many years. I have a pilot's license and served in the Army Air Corps at Williams Field, Arizona. I was a mechanic on the flight test F-80's (T-33). Work experience at March Field, Calif. Where I observed the B-47's and other aircraft. I also worked for Lockheed and live near Miramar Air Station. I feel that I could identify an object in the sky as to whether or not it was a conventional aircraft.

B. [Redacted text] No particular justification as an observer other than spending time in the sky every day and night, also living at [redacted] aircraft for some time.

VII. Conclusions - None.

IX. Identification of object - no idea.

1. Other aircraft - none.

2. [Partially illegible text] to make a written note of these facts at after the sighting in an attempt to be accurate.


- page 4 -

