The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from the Project Blue Book record card, which is a document used to record UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6 August 1956
2. LOCATION: La Jolla, California  
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 2130/6/800Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
5. PHOTOS: No
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 seconds
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: One object size about the size of a thumbnail.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Probable arc; however, the report contains insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s. The document is titled "Report of Unidentified Flying Object as Seen by La Jolla, California Civilian" and is dated August 23, 1956.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
23 August 1956

SUBJECT: (Unclassified) Report of Unidentified Flying Object as Seen by La Jolla, California Civilians on 6 August 1956 in the general vicinity of La Jolla Shores, California

TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
ATTN: ATIC
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

1. Transmitted herewith for your information is one (1) photostatic copy of 5208 Intelligence Report, dated 17 August 1956, from the 19th OSI District (IC), Chelt AF Station, Maywood, California, file 1BD 24-0-191, concerning subject matter.

2. Your attention is invited to the provisions of AFR 124-1, which prohibit the release or investigative information to unauthorized persons.

/s/ Wm G. HINES
Colonel, USAF
District Commander

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image contains no photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED

LED 21-0-191

17 AUG 1956

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object as seen by a Civilian, in the vicinity of La Jolla, California on 6 August 1956.

SUMMARY: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

1. On 6 August 1956, at approximately 1:45 hours, a civilian observed a jet aircraft like object traveling at a high rate of speed in the La Jolla area. The object appeared to have three white lights and was observed for approximately 10 seconds before it disappeared from view. The civilian attempted to track the object with his automobile but was unable to follow it due to the high speed at which it was traveling.

2. On 7 August 1956, the civilian was interviewed and stated that the object appeared to be traveling at an estimated speed of 1,800 to 2,000 miles per hour. The object was observed for approximately 10 seconds and disappeared in a westerly direction leaving no trace. The civilian stated that the object made no sound and left no vapor trail. DOWNGRADED TO UNCLASSIFIED ON 1 OCT 55 DGC PER AR 380-5

UNCLASSIFIED

GCA

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a page of text that appears to be a report or document, but no photograph is visible.

Here is the text from the document, output as if it were processed by an OCR system:

UNCLASSIFIED

Fli;: u s- ; 4 or i>j' oeen Dy
'I. the 'Ufli'c.r CJLii iii'ii,-jfl j.£ the
i.'ilj- pres .i't. in tlie
a;jj;ar3 to be two jet' aircraft flying
in a formation pattern with trails, i'ne jet aircraft
seem to be proceeding toward^ or awl~y from him,
so close they Could not take avoidance action,
i'he object, as described, was elliptical in shape,
slightly larger than the largest jet aircraft,and
crossed the vapor trail of one of the aircraft.- The
distance could not be eetit.ated, but it was judged
to be exceptional in speed. ...ic observed, it appeared
br i l l i a n t white in color, with no visible pvcpulsion or
exhaustTsysteih. Ihis observer could see no apparent
wings or vertical tail to the object. It appeared
to the size of the jet aircraft where the vapor
trail crossed it,according tq this observer. Ihis
obscurved no trail or exhaust from tho object and it
appeared to be traveling much faster than the jet
aircraft, an. disappeared from sight in a matter of
seconds. Ihis observer reported he was certain no other
aircraft, a:iJ ^is wife was with him who also observed
the incident.

2. An l i t o r observer, who did not wish to be further
identified. stated that he observed an unidentified
object on August JL3, 1950. in the vicinity of
La Jolla, Caiif'ornia. He states he was traveling in
his private automobile at the time and first observed
the object in the sky to the west of his position.
He stated that the object appeared to be round or
ball-shaped and was traveling at a high rate of speed.
He estimated its speed to be several times that of
conventional jet aircraft. rie could not estimate its
size or distance from him due to the fact that he had
no reference point with which to compare it. He said
the object seemed to be s:noke-gray or silver in color
and did not emit any trail or exhaust. He stated the
object was in sight for approximately 30 seconds
before it disappeared from view to the east. He said
the object did not follow any specific course but
rather seemed to be maneuvering in an erratic, Jerky
fashion.

UNCLASSIFIED

SECRET

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

1. The object was seen by an unidentified
La Jolla, California, on a - 6 August 1956 in the general vicinity of La
Jolla, California, for approximately twenty-six minutes. The object was
to the south-southwest, traveling from north to south at an
previoLsly-observed objects were reported in the vicinity, but this object
for the first time be subjected to scrutiny as a result.

2. DETAILS: No similar reports relative to this matter were recelved. Evidence failed to reveal any unusual astronomical or meteorological
object in the LaJolla vicinity on the date and hour of this report. This
contemplated relative to the report received.

After this correspondence is classified, it will be destroyed in acc rdance with existing regulations.

CCPX TFC?: INCL.
Cont. ATTN:
ALIA-N

UNCLASSIFIED

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
SUBJECT: Air Report of UFO Sighting - La Jolla, California
COMMANDER
USAFA AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON (ADC)
USAF AIR FORCE BASE
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO
1. A subject report from the Office of Special Investigations is forwarded to your headquarters for any necessary, in accordance with 4 APR 1950-24.
2. It is indicated in this report that a copy has been forwarded to your headquarters, in accordance with existing policies concerning UFO sightings. 
3. Pending further information, on the basis of limited data, submitted in this report, this sighting will be considered in the "in-sufficient data" category.
FOR THE COMMANDER
SIGNED
WENDELL E. BANNIAR, 1st Lt, USAF
ASSISTANT

- page 6 -

