PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
6 February 1956

2. LOCATION
Lake Charles AFB, Louisiana

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 07/0010Z
GMT: 07/0010Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual
□ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object appeared to be pentagonal with bright spots at points. Changed to triangular bright spots at points. Seen at approx 30,000 ft. just after sun went down. From other report in same area this was a balloon.

11. COMMENTS
Balloon sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[X] Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: 6 FEB 56

Object was first seen north of the towers, appeared to be pentagonal in form with points highlighted by bright spots. Changed to triangular form with similar highlights. Object grew dimmer as if just slowing out. Was first observed just after the sun went below the horizon. New Orleans ARTC said there had been reports of a similar object in the vicinity of Memphis and Meridian. Contact tower at England AFB said there was an object SW of them at time I observed object NNE.


- page 2 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    Day: 23   Month: FEB   Year: 1956

2. Time of day: 18:00   10 Minutes
    (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
    (Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                 b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Control Tower   Lake Charles AFB   La
    (Nearest Postal Address)   (City or Town)   (State or Country)

Additional remarks: [None visible]

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
    20 Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    (Circle One): a. Bright daylight
                 b. Dull daylight
                 c. Bright twilight

    d. Just a trace of daylight
    e. No trace of daylight
    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One): a. In front of you
                 b. In back of you
                 c. To your right

    d. To your left
    e. Overhead
    f. Don't remember


- page 3 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?   b. Several blocks away?   c. A block away?   d. Several yards away?   e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: no sound
    b. Color: When first sighted was white, changed to light green, then pinkish then same to clear color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Two hand-drawn sketches of an object with small circles/dots around it, with an arrow indicating movement. One sketch is labeled "Bright spots" and the other is labeled "Changed to"]

18. The edge of the object were:
    (Circle One)
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The bottom section of the page is blank]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

moving up - glowing slightly approximately

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pen
c. Dime
d. Quarter
e. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other _______

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? faded out

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

material unknown
appeared pentagonal with bright spots
if points changed to wings with
spots at points. light could have originated
from object w/ lens reflected from sun


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other CATWALK OF CONTROL TOWER

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Working in Control Tower. Tower officer
called on phone asked us to check

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest
   NORTH NORTH EAST

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 005° degrees.
b. From horizon 250 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 015° degrees.
b. From horizon 70 degrees.


- page 7 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool 58°
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
6 FEB 59
Day   Month   Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Weather Balloon reflecting
light from sun


- page 9 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [No entry]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   (Yes)   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   30,800 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
What is your present job? Control Tower   Operator
Age   22-25   Sex   MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school   [No entry]
b. High school   [No entry]
c. College   4 YEARS
d. Post graduate   [No entry]
e. Technical school   Control Tower
f. Other special training   [No entry]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   6   FEB   1956
    Day   Month   Year


- page 10 -

