PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
26 May 1956

2. LOCATION
Near Murmansk, USSR

3. DAYTIME GROUP
Local: not given
GMT: 

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Seamen (fm Norwegian Press)

6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 minutes

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Crewboard ship observed round, disc like object at 1000 meters. After remaining still for a short period, picked up speed and vanished from sky.

11. COMMENTS
WX stations are located at Spitsbergen (Norway) and Bear Island which send up balloons and radiosondes periodically. Possible that these, rising out of the white background, were mistaken for "discs". However, insufficient data for conclusive evaluation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[Checkboxes for various possibilities, with "Insufficient Data for Evaluation" checked]

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

(U) Observation of Unknown Phenomenon

1. According to a report from crew of Soviet ship has stated that they saw an unusual phenomenon off the Russian coast in the Barents Sea a few days previously. They stated that they observed a number of incredible speed objects. They estimated that it was about 6 to 8 miles in altitude, moving at an average speed of about 1500 miles per hour, lighting through the air.

2. A translation of this press release is included on the back of this report.

APPROVED:
JAMES P. FLANAGAN
Colonel, USAF
Air Attache

[Note: Some text is slightly illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document]


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top of document header is partially illegible]

UNCLASSIFIED

[Routing information partially visible]

SUBJECT: SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT

The following is reported for study to private mailing on 28 May 1956:

A Finnish passenger aircraft was flying over the White Sea near Kandalaksha when the crew observed a strange phenomenon. According to the crew's statement, a bright object was seen flying near their aircraft. The object was flying down to one thousand meters before disappearing. 

There is a hole in the sky's atmosphere about Air 1 to 2 kilometers in size. The crew of the aircraft, the captain and co-pilot, rushed on deck to see the phenomenon. At a moment later, however, it reappeared, according to the crew's statement. The phenomenon was clearly visible and remained at the same distance from the aircraft. 

There is no doubt whatever among the ship's crew that it was a flying object. They say the object for a time stayed in close to the ship. The crew took photographs. To be taken into consideration. The crew had cameras on board but in the heat of the excitement, no one thought of using them multi it was too late.

"To us it was a real aircraft," we said the newspaper's informant, "that of an entirely unknown type we estimate to be about the size of an average commercial airliner. It moved at a speed a great that actually I shot like a tract of lightning through the sky."

A whole vista of foreign and local press is arising to this incident. There are various versions of the occurrence, but the main point is that something unusual happened.

COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER: The Norwegian Intelligence Service has been informed. They checked the authenticity of this report. However, they have stated that further investigation will be necessary to clarify the significance.

[Signatures and date at bottom of document]

UNCLASSIFIED

[Bottom of page has additional markings and page number 124]


- page 3 -

