PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
11 October 1956

2. LOCATION
Crane, Indiana

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 22:45
GMT: 12/0345Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
X Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
18 year old youth rptd large, glowing object rod or amber in color observed 75 to 100 ft in air. Claims objects 40 feet in diameter.

11. COMMENTS
No low flying a/c in vicinity. No objs rptd by radar. Sighting observed adjacent to US naval depot. Not rptd by others. Significant that youth's father had also rptd UFO less than 1 month before. Conclude, therefore, strong possibility conventional obj or light seen, but exaggerated due to suggestibility resulting fm parent's rpt and/or belief.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
X Unidentified
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Other

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

2466TH AIR RESERVE FLYING CENTER
United States Air Force
Bakalar Air Force Base
Columbus, Indiana

DO

SUBJECT: Transmittal of "UFOB" Reports

TO: Commanding General
Air Defense Command
Ent Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. The attached reports are forwarded in accordance with
Air Force Regulation 200-2, paragraph 44.

2. This activity is unable to comply with the prescribed
reporting procedure as defined in paragraph 7, above cited regulation.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

2 Incls
1. UFOB Report dtd
   21 Nov 56
2. UFOB Report dtd
   29 November 56

[Signature]
RAYBOURN
CMO, W-3, USAF
Adjutant

[Stamp: DEC 6 1956]


- page 2 -

U. S. NAVAL AMMUNITION DEPOT
CRANE, INDIANA

IN REPLY REFER TO:
AQ(8)-AUG:hmm
Ser 2035
21 November 1956

From: Commanding Officer, U. S. Naval Ammunition Depot, Crane, Indiana
To: Commanding Officer, Bakalar Air Force Base, Columbus, Indiana

Sub: Unidentified Flying Objects; report of investigation of

Ref: (a) 9ND INSTR 3820.1A dtd 2 February, 1956

1. Subject report has been compiled in accordance with reference (a).

2. On the night of 11 October 1956, one person reported seeing an unidentified flying object while he was driving north on Highway 45 which parallels the western edge of the Depot at a distance of approximately one mile.

3. The witness reported that the object was seen at 10:45 (22:45), on the right side of the highway approximately one hundred (100) yards from the road. The object was described as a large, glowing, red or amber light, about twenty-five (25) to one hundred (100) feet in the air, circular and about forty (40) feet in diameter. The witness reports stopping for approximately 30 seconds to view the object, which left, going across the Depot at a speed comparable to that of a shooting star. The witness reports that the sky was clear, no other aircraft were in sight, and the object made no noise.

4. The name of the witness is [REDACTED]. His age is 18 and he resides with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. [REDACTED], Crane, Indiana.

5. The witness denied the use of alcoholic beverages. A neighborhood check indicates that the witness is a normal person from above average environment, who is not subject to illusions. The father of the witness reported seeing an unidentified flying object over the Depot on the evening of 17 September 1956. This sighting was reported in CO NAD CRANE ltr A9(2)-ADM:hmm Ser 2045 of 9 October 1956, to CO BAKALAR AFB.

6. This report was prepared by the Legal Officer attached to the Depot, from information obtained by the Depot Criminal Investigator. There are no comments nor any preliminary analysis of possible causes of the sighting other than pointing out that the sighting by the father of the witness less than a month before has been suggestive. There was no report of lowflying aircraft over the Depot on 11 October 1956.

R. C. TURNER, JR
Acting

Copy to:
CNO
Commander, Eastern Sea Frontier
Commandant, 9ND


- page 3 -

UFOB INDEX CARD                                 ATIC-UFOB-485-56

1. DATE                                                  12. CONCLUSIONS
    27 OCT 56                                             □ Was Balloon
                                                           □ Possibly Balloon
2. LOCATION                                               □ Possibly Balloon
    Crane, Indiana                                        □ Was Aircraft
                                                           □ Probably Aircraft
3. DATE/TIME GROUP                                        □ Possibly Aircraft
    23/0400 Oct 56                                        □ Was Astronomical (METEOR)
                                                           □ Probably Astronomical
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION                                    □ Possibly Astronomical
    ■ Ground-Visual     □ Ground-Radar                    □ Other___________________
                                                           □ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
5. PHOTOS                                                 □ Unknown
    □ Yes
    ■ No

6. SOURCE                                                 11. COMMENTS
    Civilian                                               This report was received by letter
                                                            from CG, HAD, Crane, Indiana. A copy
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION                                   is attached.
    See below                                              The object was definitely established
                                                            to be the Planet Mars.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
    One

9. COURSE
    See below

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
    One luminous object, changing colors like
    a prism, exhibiting primary colors. Object
    glittered and twinkled like a star. Object
    was seen by various sources all through the
    night.

AISOP Form 5 (15 Oct 54)


- page 4 -

This is from fairly brilliant stars
of appt 30°- 45° degree to N, NW
at appt 23.0 hours, 27 oct br 1956
- Vega, Altair, Deneb, Mars was
near to the SW at this time. Elect-
This a burning different to glow at night by
long way
bright stars of E. part of sky
at this time. Easton, Royd, Nichols, Albertson --- 675


- page 5 -

2468TH AIR RESERVE FLYING CENTER
United States Air Force Base
Bakalar Air Force Base
Columbus, Indiana

DO

SUBJECT: Transmittal of "UFOB" Reports

TO: Commanding General
Air Defense Command
Ext Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. The attached reports are forwarded in accordance with
Air Force Regulation 200-2, paragraph 4A.

2. This activity is unable to comply with the prescribed
reporting procedure as defined in paragraph 7, above cited regulation.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

2 Incls
1. UFOB Report dtd
   21 Nov 56
2. UFOB Report dtd
   29 November 56

[Signature]
GWO, W.G. USAF
Adjutant

Handwritten notes: "Nuttle" and "41" at top right corner
Stamped date: DEC 6 1956


- page 6 -

U. S. NAVAL AMMUNITION DEPOT
CRANE, INDIANA

IN REPLY REFER TO:
AS(B)-ADE:wm
Ser 8559
29 November 1956

Crane, Indiana

From: Commanding Officer, U. S. Naval Ammunition Depot, Crane, Indiana
To: Commanding Officer, Nakalar Air Force Base, Columbus, Indiana

Subj: Unidentified Flying Objects, report of investigation of

Ref: (a) 9NO DIST 3820.14 dtd 2 Feb 1956

1. Subject report has been compiled in accordance with reference (a).

2. On the night of 27 October 1956, six persons reported seeing an unidentified flying object from Crane Village, which is located on the western edge of the Depot, and one person reported seeing such an object from the Administration Building, which is located in the center of the Depot. Upon subsequent investigation, one other person reported that he had on the night of 27 October seen from Crane Village an object whose location and description matched that given by the other witnesses, which object is had considered to be a star and had not reported.

3. One of the Crane Village witnesses upon being questioned, related that the object was seen to the northwest at an elevation of 30° or a little less; that it was impossible to determine the distance or height or size of the object; that it was a luminous object which changed colors like a prism, excluding primary colors; that it did not give off a steady light, but glittered or twinkled; that it was small enough to be a star, and was not seen to move around; that it was only sighted by this witness one time, and disappeared when located for it. This witness said that he had seen stars or celestial bodies behave this way under frosty atmospheric conditions. He said that the colors seen were red, blue, and yellow, and that the object did not move about any more than normal for a celestial body. This witness volunteered the opinion that the object was a star or a celestial body.

4. The name of the witness mentioned in paragraph 3, is [redacted]. He is employed as a police guard in the Security Department of NAD Crane.

5. Five Crane Village witnesses stated that they saw an object in the eastern sky at approximately 2000 on 27 October which was blinking and slightly changing in color.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

23(8)-ADS:mm
29 November 1956

6. The names of the five witnesses mentioned in paragraph 5, are:

[Names are redacted with black lines]

Mr. [redacted] is employed as a maintenance man by Crane Village North.
The other four witnesses are MAD Crane Security police guards.

7. Mr. [redacted] said that the object was, he believed, a star. He said that one night was extra clear and the star very bright; that it glimmered and looked as if it was changing color; and that he has since checked the same area, found the star, and been told that it is the planet Mars.

8. The Crane Village witness who did not at the time of sighting it report the object as an unidentified flying object stated that on 27 October at about 2030 he had been in the Crane area and had noticed the brightness of this star and that it had a tendency to change color and had remarked to his companions that was no doubt the flying saucers that some of the people had been seeing. This witness stated that he was familiar with the planet of Mars and he definitely was positive that was the object he saw.

9. The name of the witness mentioned in paragraph 8 is Captain [redacted]. He is employed in the Security Department of MAD Crane as Chief of Police.

10. The witness who reported sighting an object from the Administration Building in the center of the Depot stated that the time of sighting was 1927 or 27 October; that the object was open to the particular area at 125° elevation; that it appeared to glow red, then grow, then white; the bright star; that its size and brilliance was a very bright star; that it stayed at the same location and held visible to the witness from 1327 to 1335, after which the witness was unable subsequently to locate the object.

11. The name of the witness mentioned in paragraph 10 is [redacted], Department. His home address is [redacted] Crane, Indiana.

12. Navy CCD log entries for 27 October indicates that the object was reported seen from Crane Village from 1835 to 1845, and that another object in the Northeast Security Police area investigation failed to turn up any information in regard to the record object.

2


- page 8 -

18(8)-15:mm
29 November 1956

13. This report was prepared from information submitted by U.S. Depot Criminal Investigator, interrogation of witnesses, and log, et.al., by the Legal Officer attached to 1st Depot, whose comments and preliminary analysis of possible causes of the sighting are as follows:

a. The object seen by the five Crane Village witnesses and by the Chief of Police to the East was in all probability the planet Mars or some other celestial body.

b. The object seen from the Administration building by Chief of Police to the Northwest was probably a celestial body and perhaps the same one seen by Mr. [redacted].

c. The object seen from 1850 to 1920 to the Northeast was probably a celestial body and perhaps the same one seen by the five Crane Village witnesses.

14. The descriptions given by the witnesses of all of these objects are consistent with the hypothesis that the objects were celestial bodies. My conjecture is that they were reported as unidentified flying objects because of their sudden, cold, and rapid nature which probably caused supersaturation of the air and resulted in condensation around the dust particles, and rendering visible. Visible the full color and brilliance of celestial bodies, and also perhaps set up unusual degrees of variation in air density which increased the twinkling effect.

Copy to:
CNO
Commander, Eastern Sea Frontier
Conf'y

3


- page 9 -

