The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
16 November 1956
3. CASE-TIME-LOCATION 
Fox River Grove, Illinois
5. PHOTOS
Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Seconds
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Objects 1 1/2 x 4 feet appeared to be dull red, passed in shape, then changed into smaller and round. Appeared and seemed to converge on it.

CONCLUSIONS
[X] Was Balloon
[ ] Possibly Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[X] Possibly Aircraft
[ ] Was Astronomical
[X] Possibly Astronomical
[ ] Other
(Insufficient Data for Evaluation)

The text in the image describes a UFO sighting that occurred on November 16, 1956 in Fox River Grove, Illinois. The object was described as being 1 1/2 x 4 feet in size, dull red in color, and changing shape from a passed into a smaller and rounder object. The conclusion section indicates that the sighting was possibly a balloon, aircraft, or astronomical object, but there was insufficient data to fully evaluate the sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten notes.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write your summarize description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation as accurately as possible, including approximate time, direction, distance, size, shape, color, duration, and direction of motion, if they are needed.

NAME:  (Do Not Write in This Space)   
CODE:  /
SIGNATURE:
DATE: January 31, 1957

The text in the document states:
"When I first saw it, it looked fairly far away. It was hovering in one position. The color was a dull red. It hovered for five minutes. Then it sped up quickly in a southeast to north course (180 to 360). As it built up speed the color turned to a bright red. The speed was at least 1000 m.p.h. I figured out its speed by this method, about a week before I saw this thing, a saw a jet plane. F-86, break the sound barrier. They travel at about 600 knots. And the object was tremendously faster. The object disappeared into the distance after a short time."

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a geographical diagram or map, showing a hemisphere view of the Earth. The map includes grid lines, compass directions, and various labels indicating directions and angular measurements. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this particular page of the document.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

Zenith 
180    135     90     45     0     45     90    135    180
S     SE         E         NE          N         NW         W         SW        S

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report related to a UFO sighting.

Here is the text from the document, as transcribed by an OCR system:

speed of somnol id about 720 m.p.h. and 2 hours she was going much further than that. The object was pretty far away and it still moving very fast. The altitude that I stated was just a guess at the time as an air plane it would have to be pretty high for you not to hear its engines) I saw along for a time getting redder and redder. At the end of its flight it turned into a change of a cigar (p.3). Three small round objects came from an outer dark part of the sky Gradually a cloud and merged into the cigar shaped object. The one big object flew off for a few seconds and then just disappeared. There were no winds that I could see. Seen by November 16, 1956.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an envelope or document from the Department of the Air Force addressed to "An Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio".

Department of the Air Force
An Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

- page 5 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information be treated as confidential material. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2 December 1956
2. Time of day: 6:35 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time seen: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near Postal Address, City or Town, State or Country
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 2 Minutes Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Twilight d. Total darkness e. Don't remember
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 6 -

There is a hand-drawn illustration in the image that appears to show two oblong shapes or objects. The larger object is described as "Like a bright star" and the smaller objects are described as "small and round" and "converged into it". Based on the instructions, I will not identify or name any humans in the image, as there do not appear to be any human faces visible.

TRANSCRIPT:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: There are no sounds reported
b. Color: Dark red, when it appeared to change in size

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.

[Hand-drawn illustration showing two oblong shapes, with the larger one labeled "Like a bright star" and the smaller ones labeled "small and round" converging into it.]

18. The shape of the object was:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
13 or 14 objects small and round converged into it

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a form or questionnaire related to reporting observations of unidentified flying objects. The text is clearly legible and can be extracted as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? 
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?   b. Several blocks away?   c. A block away?   d. Several yards away?   e. Other

11. Did the object: 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Circle One: Yes/No/Don't Know)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Circle One: Yes/No/Don't Know)
c. Break up into parts or explode? (Circle One: Yes/No/Don't Know) 
d. Give off smoke? (Circle One: Yes/No/Don't Know)
e. Change brightness? (Circle One: Yes/No/Don't Know)
f. Change shape? (Circle One: Yes/No/Don't Know)
g. Disappear and reappear? (Circle One: Yes/No/Don't Know)

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: _______

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: _______

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses   b. Sun glasses   c. Windshield   d. Window glass

(The text below this line is illegible in the provided image.)

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographic content. It appears to be a scanned document page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, containing a questionnaire with various multiple-choice and short answer questions.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane 
e. At home
f. Other _________________

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? 
Just dozing off and that thing was there. Some lights flashed on and off apparently about 150 feet off the ground.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast 
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East 
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was elevated from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____162___ degrees.
b. From horizon ____45____ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____30____ degrees. 
b. From horizon ____70____ degrees.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document containing handwritten text.

OCR output:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, or "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Pea
b. Dime
c. Nickel
d. Quarter
e. Silver dollar 
f. Baseball
g. Grapefruit 
h. Basketball
i. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain
b. Pretty certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
The object appeared to hover, then moved rapidly horizontally to the east and disappeared from sight, at a 45 degree angle to the horizon, in about 3 to 4 seconds. This was very fast and very sudden, it just seemed to vanish quickly.

24. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to describe in your own words anything special or unusual that you may have noticed or observed about the object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give some special characteristic or appearance that would be different from an ordinary airplane, satellite, or the like. For instance, the shape, size, color, speed of travel, manner of flight, or sounds emitted.
Metal, big, rough to shape, engines, instruments and a few people. Round shape but able to become streamlined like a cigar and it must have been capable of doing some rather odd things - other small machines attached onto it.

- page 10 -

The image contains three sketches or illustrations. The first sketch shows a curved line with the instructions to "Place an 'A' on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it." The second and third sketches show landscapes, with the instructions to "Place an 'A' at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a 'B' at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch."

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown by the dot. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it.
33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text and checkboxes.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds 
c. Overcast
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One):
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One):
a. Cold
b. Warm
c. Hot 
d. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? Qia_r - 7 report to any officials, / r.2 ceii.er mere on.7 t o-7 
36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One): Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
For River Grove, Illinoia
Fax River Grove, Illinois

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One): Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones? 
The cameo on describing - I saw another different object on another occasion, but I don't remember the details.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? It could have been a weather balloon, but it moved to fast for a balloon. It might have been an aerial phenomena, but I don't know for sure. I'm not an expert on these matters, but it seemed strange and unexplainable to me.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1000 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME FIRST NAME MIDDLE NAME
ADDRESS FOX RIVER GROVE, ILLINOIS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job? Nurse
Age (Appears to be) 35-50
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 31 January 1957

- page 13 -

