The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 7 JULY 1956
2. LOCATION: DAYTON, OHIO 
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 120230Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL
5. PHOTOS: 0 YES
6. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 12 MINUTES
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: TO AND UP
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: ONE SMALL RED OBJECT MOVED RAPIDLY, HOVERED, AND DISAPPEARED.
11. COMMENTS: DESCRIPTION TO BALLOON SIGHTING.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a memo routing slip, which is a form used for routing documents within an organization.

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
NEVER USE FOR APPROVALS, DISAPPROVALS,
CONCURRENCES, OR SIMILAR ACTIONS

1. RETURN TO DIVISION

2. 

3. 

4. 

REMARKS: Perceptive Cargo 390. 27 April 1956 - incident. DD Report 1. OD received weather sightings of 7. reported by weather service which explained by normal weather balloons, no further action required. Recommended copy to 1402.

FROM (Name and Title) 

TO (Name and Office Symbol)                  DATE

ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION                 TELEPHONE

DD FORM 95     PREVIOUS EDITION IS OBSOLETE.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET" which seems to be a questionnaire or report form related to the observation of some unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This information has been prepared to assist you in providing the detailed information that you may be asked to furnish concerning the sighting of an unidentified aerial phenomenon. The information that you provide on this form may be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission, so write freely and give further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:    Hour    Minutes
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Additional remarks:    City or Town    State or Country
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. Hours    Minutes    Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Twilight c. Dark d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with questions about observations of objects in the night sky, such as stars, the moon, and potential UFO sightings.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
11. Did the object:
12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
14. Did the object appear:
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?

- page 4 -

This page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form that is asking the observer to provide details about a sighting, including the appearance and behavior of the observed object(s).

Transcription of the text from the document:

15. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

16. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show the direction the object was moving. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

17. The shape of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined

18. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s.

The text in the document is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Golf ball
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Not very sure 
b. Fairly certain
c. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, of what type material would you imagine the object that you saw to be, and what shape would it have, and what other observations or characteristics as to the object which you saw would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document with a questionnaire and several questions for the witness to fill out.

23. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In car
c. Outdoors 
d. In an airplane
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour. 
28.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North __________ degrees.
b. From horizon __________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North __________ degrees. 
b. From horizon __________ degrees.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a form or questionnaire that the observer has filled out.

34.1 CLOUD (Circle One) a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One) a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One) a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Other
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One) a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? 
Blank

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? 
Blank

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Blank

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Blank

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Blank

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document, possibly a questionnaire or report form related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________ m.p.h.
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________ feet.
41. Please give the following information about yourself: NAME Last Name, First Name Middle Name ADDRESS Street City Zone State TELEPHONE NUMBER What is your present job? Age Sex Please indicate any special educational training that you have had: a. Grade school b. High school c. College (Type) d. Post graduate 
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: Day Month Year

- page 9 -

