PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
27 April 1956

2. LOCATION
Greensboro, North Carolina

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 28/0220Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1. 3 seconds
2. 5 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1. one
2. two

9. COURSE
1. not reported
2. "

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
1. Bright silver object without sound or tail flashed across sky. Thought at first to be shooting star except too close, no tail & bigger. Believed to land nearby.

2. Two copper colored objects in sight in parallel flying maintaining the same relative position throughout sighting. No red & green lights associated with A/c. Large and assumed to goat altitude.

11. COMMENTS
1. Meteor sighting. Absence of tail & nearness does not rule out meteor. Rptd because of closeness.

2. Nothing conflicting with analysis as a/c. Duration & flight are consistent with this evaluation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical Meteor
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Other:
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

27 28/022 Copy for USAF Washington

1114 Westover Ter. Apts.
Greensboro N.C.
May 1, 1956

U.S. Air Force Filter Center,
Charlotte, N.C.

Gentlemen:                     Re: Unidentified flying objects

This is to report a simultaneous sighting of three unidentified flying objects -- two similar, one dissimilar, date and time, Friday April 27, 1956, 9:20 P.M. Exceptionally clear and sky brilliant with stars at location seen. Place, Greensboro, N.C.

A woman friend was with me and saw the silver object but only one one of the two copper colored objects. She is somewhat nearsighted and I am extremely farsighted. We had been visiting a mutual woman friend that evening in the Country Club Apartments, located on the east side of North Elm Street going north, that is, to the right of North Elm. The apartments are two-storied, in several different buildings, and surround an inner large court of two trees of some height surrounded by place. The court is very dark, as is the whole area at night. I had just looked at my watch inside while we were chatting, and by the time we got outside it was about 10 min. later, or 9:20.

While still within the court, we both saw a brilliant silver object diagonally from the sky and she at once said, "A shooting star!" but I immediately pointed out that it couldn't be a shooting star since it had no trail except the speed of the object itself, and that it head was far too long -- about the size of a baseball, perfectly round and very very beautiful in its unusualness. It seemed to come within yards of the tops of the tall trees, then suddenly it wasn't there -- at all. It didn't peter out, it just wasn't there. We saw it only for the space of about 3 seconds. My friend (Mrs. B.C. Barnes of Asheville, a court reporter who occasionally reports Court here as she was on this trip) said, "Why, I thought it was going to land right on the lawn!" We were, when we saw it, and immediately after when we saw the other -- walking West towards the street, and the silver object was somewhat bright.

We were still discussing the object when I looked up to the start in front of me, and suddenly I saw a moving object at a tremendous distance -- just under the star canopy, it seemed, and pointed it out to her -- after a few seconds she spotted it. It was moving steadily in a straight line from north to southwest, and it was copper colored. Size, about like a vanilla wafer, larger than a dollar. The shape of it was elliptical, to be certain I looked up the word in Webster's, and the drawing of an ellipse was exactly the shape of the object. Then I caught sight of a similar object about half the size of the first about a city block in the sky.


- page 2 -

