UFOB INDEX CARD AISS-UFOB-246-56

1. DATE
9 Aug 56

2. LOCATION
Cunningham, Tenn.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
09/0225Z Aug 56

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
■ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian (GOC)

□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Ten minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Stationary

□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One round object, the size of a dinner plate at arm's length. Object's color changed from red to orange to yellow. Object faded out after being observed for 12 minutes.

11. COMMENTS
Do not concur with Reporting Officer that sighting was possibly caused by a weather balloon. ATIC Form 164 was sent to source to secure additional information. Analysis of the returned form indicated that the sighting was possibly caused by a helicopter.

1. Object was observed for fifteen minutes.
2. Object moved slowly, stopping at times. From the NE to the NW. During the initial part of its course, object descended from approximately 3,000 feet to 1,000 feet altitude.
3. Source estimated object to be over Clarksville, Tenn, 10 miles away from him.
4. Object disappeared suddenly as if someone had switched off.
5. Sound was attributed to the object by another witness who stated the object flew

ALSOP Form 5 (15 Oct 54)
(Cont'd on back)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

directly over his home in Clarksville. The sound resembled that of a helicopter, but
when the object stood still, no sound could be heard. The account of this witness was
related in the ATIC Form by the original source.

6. Original source stated that the object could have been an unauthorized
helicopter from Ft. Campbell, a dirigible in the area, or an experimental device of
some sort.

In light of the above information, evaluation of this Hqs is possibly aircraft
(helicopter).


- page 2 -

UFOB INDEX CARD                                AISS-UFOB-255-56

1. DATE                   2. LOCATION
   11 Aug 56               Cunningham, Tenn.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP         4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   11/0238Z Aug 56         ■ Ground-Visual    □ Ground-Radar
                           □ Air-Visual       □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS                  6. SOURCE
   □ Yes                   Civilian (CoC)
   ■ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION   8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS   9. COURSE
   Ten minutes             One                   See below

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
    One round bright red object, the size of a 
    basketball at arm's length. Object was red 
    when stationary and white when moving. Object 
    had an unfamiliar sound. Object hovered for 
    2 or 3 minutes, moved slowly to the west, hov-
    ered again and finally kept getting dimmer 
    and dimmer until fading out. Object was ob-
    served visually for ten minutes.

11. CONCLUSIONS
    □ Was Balloon
    □ Probably Balloon
    □ Possibly Balloon
    □ Was Aircraft
    □ Probably Aircraft
    □ Possibly Aircraft
    □ Was Astronomical
    □ Probably Astronomical
    □ Possibly Astronomical
    □ Other
    □ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
    □ Unknown

    This was the earth sighting in this 
    area in a period of a few days (see 
    comments of preliminary report preparing 
    officer). Due to the distance from the 
    nearest AISS units, a complete follow-up 
    investigation has not been authorized. 
    However, this 1st AITO Form 16b, to 
    secure additional information for 
    each of this sightings. In addition, an AF 
    Form 112 has been received from Det #69 
    Wichita 600, Nashville, Tenn. A copy of 
    AF Form and enclosed photo is being for-
    warded for your information. (Cont'd on back)

AISOP Form 5 (15 Oct 54)


- page 3 -

Analysis of the returned ATIC forms and the AF Form 112 indicates the following:

1. The 09/0600Z Sighting was not related to the other sightings; it definitely was a meteor.

2. The 10/0235Z Sighting was not reported by sources in the ATIC forms. (Several copies of the ATIC Form were sent to each source and they were asked to complete a Form for each sighting.)

3. The ATIC Form 164 description of the 11/0231Z Sighting indicates that this sighting was possibly caused by a helicopter.

A brief description of sighting from ATIC Form is as follows:

Object was solid red when stationary and red with a white middle when moving. Object travelled from NE to N on a slightly ascending flight path. During its course, Object hovered in one spot for approximately 8 minutes. Object was viewed visually for a total of 15 minutes and disappeared by its light suddenly going out. No sound was heard due to distance away from object. (AF Form 112 reports that a sound resembling a helicopter was heard.)

In light of above considerations and the wind direction, evaluation of this sighting is possibly aircraft (helicopter).


- page 4 -

This Case Includes

One (1) 4" x 5" photo.


- page 5 -

