Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
25 September 1956

2. LOCATION
Cincinnati, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local afternoon
GMT afternoon

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
☒No Physical
☐Yes Specimen

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
N/A

9. COURSE
falling

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Sample of "Angel Hair" picked up from
Mrs. [name illegible] by Sgt Hill for
analysis. Information as to source
and time of sighting obtained from
CRIFO Orbit.

11. COMMENTS
Analysis from ASD showed specimen to be a rayon residue thrown
into air by defective filter.
See Case File.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Rayon Residue
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

C.R.I.F.O.
Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects.

[Date partially obscured], 1956

Captain R. J. Gregory
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain Gregory,

I certainly enjoyed talking with MSGT. Miller Hill during his visit to my home October 14th. He was indeed polite, understanding and cooperative. I told him I was among researchers of the CRIFO, only that I am a member. I hope to show him to include material to 1700, which I have on file, but I will prevent him at a later date.

[Several paragraphs continue, with some words partially obscured or blacked out]

This object is the kind of thing my 20 years are rough. Since because of the shape of the object. The object seems to be covered a small piece of metal and has some type of marking or writing (possibly). It might have been observed by a brand new aircraft, but it was not. I have never seen anything similar to this experience and it was not a meteor.

[Note: Some words and sections are blacked out or partially illegible]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

-24-

The following are quotations from [redacted] letter of April 11, 1956.

[Partially illegible paragraph about some scientific analysis]

With the numerous samples of the metal in hand, [redacted] took them to the University of Cincinnati. Was followed by letter dated April 16, 1956. With the samples, Dr. [redacted] of the Metallurgy dept. examined the metallic object. Dr. [redacted] of Cincinnati, without making a definite statement, said they found the following at times:

"50 to 85% of chromium
a high percentage of iron
manganese
nickel-cobalt
vanadium"

"Dr. Price said that he could not be called a 'metallurgical expert' in the strict sense which showed by its liaison with other metals to be man-made. However, he was at a loss to explain how or why it was found in a great pit which could not provide such a specimen in a natural state, he said... In first interview centered in the Geology building at the university, there, I discussed the metal with four geologists, but they seemed satisfied to say it was probably man-made. At this point they made a comparison test with other metals on hand. Most others showed a higher count of radioactivity. All tests ruled out the meteoritic origin. In the metallurgy dept. examination showed that the object was subjected to extreme heat, but said the object seemed slowly - came to size."

The following is a quotation from [redacted] letter of May 15, 1956. [Rest of text continues but partially obscured]


- page 3 -

Following is quotation from a letter of August 23, 1955:

You will be receiving request for this information from Cleveland, Indiana, who work for ____. They are most interested in the subject of UFO's.

With their letter, they were asking engineers, give the detail to their two most recent sightings. I am enclosing this report, which was made by a cameraman, etc., who enclosed this report. He was sent your letter of April 11th.

Now 1955, during the summer in Kansas, there was somewhat shocked to learn that other metals were once contained in the metal was no analysis.

So recd. the case of the unknown metal run an abandoned gravel pit near Lafayette, Indiana.

Still another is one of black metal or rock has come into my possession from Wilts, Pa. It was found in the middle of a road at 11:15 am, August 12, 1956. It was too hot to handle. A new have fragments under analysis.

I hope that the so-called "angel hair" you will prove type something more than cobweb. Since talking with Hgst. Hall I have learned that more of the "stuff" was found against neighboring screwcorps, but has since been lost.

Sincerely,

[Signature and name are redacted/blacked out]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

C. R. I. F. O. ORBIT
The Official Publication of Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects

NOVEMBER 2, 1956                VOL. III—No. 8

SIGHTINGS, SILENCE AND THE STATUS QUO

[Most of the first paragraph is illegible due to image quality]

[Subsequent paragraphs discuss various UFO sightings, including cases from New Orleans, Elsinore, and Corona, with details about specific observations]

Notable cases include:

Case 217, New Orleans, La. Sept. 12, 1956—Said the Times-Picayune, in part: "Jesse Rodrigues, night watchman with Commercial Solvents Corp., reported four round lights. He said they started out in a "Y" formation, stood still five to ten minutes, formed a vertical up and down position, then scattered toward the lake. Other reports were basically similar."

Case 218, Elsinore and Corona, California, Sept. 12, 1956—Dean Strawn, of Corona, is a trained observer and able investigator. He flew five years in fighters and scout planes.

[The rest of the document continues with detailed descriptions of UFO sightings and discussions about their observations]


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

C. R. I. F. O. ORBIT
Copyright 1956 by Leonard H. Stringfield
November 2, 1956 Vol. III, No. 8

When reproducing material herein for publication or other public use give credit line to Orbit.

C.R.I.F.O. 32nd consecutive monthly publication.
Founded March 10, 1954

The title ORBIT, introduced with the July 1956 issue, replaces the title, NEWSLETTER. The purpose of C.R.I.F.O. is not for monetary gain; officers do not receive salaries.

Director and Publisher—Leonard H. Stringfield
Secretary-Treasurer—Dell Stringfield (wife)
Official Address: 7017 Britton Ave., Cincinnati 27, Ohio
Telephone: ERamble 1-4248

SUBSCRIPTION RATES
U.S.A. and Canada ................................ $3.00 per year
Foreign first class mail.......................... 3.60 per year
Foreign air mail..................................... 6.60 per year
All back copies of the Newsletter and Orbit available at 35¢ each

[The rest of the text continues, but I've provided the initial portion as requested. Would you like me to continue with the full OCR text?]


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top of page has handwritten notes that are partially illegible]

Case 222, Williston, N. Dak., Sept. 22, 1956—We quote from the Williston Plains Reporter as follows: "If was less than a thousand feet in the air. As large as a commercial airliner, it was low enough that I could actually see tiny, distant pinpoints of light. The object had a shiny, metallic gleam and was moving at a speed I would estimate at about 150 miles an hour." With the above statement, Mr. Josh Peterson, a rancher near Williston, saw 'plainly and clearly' from the backyard of his home Saturday night about 7:50 o'clock. Mr. Borrud said he was looking south when he noticed the object just east of the Great Northern RR smokestrack. The object, he said, appeared to follow the course of the river until it was lost from sight over the trees. In going into detail, he said there was no muffled sound of motors but that he estimated its speed at about 150 mph. He described the object as being about the size of a large plane. "I believe," he said, "it oscillated from side to side, much like the pendulum of a clock although not as pronounced." Mr. Borrud notified the Weather Bureau of the object. The bureau then notified the police and Wright-Patterson AFB. Mr. Borrud, who is an amateur astronomer, said that although he was adjusting his telescope Saturday night, he saw the object with his naked eye."

Case 223, Grand Rapids, Mich., Sept. 20, 1956—According to the Grand Rapids Herald, a pilot said two strange airborne objects were seen by his plane and his co-pilot near Grand Rapids. The pilot, who was returning to Grand Rapids from South Bend, told the following story: "Around 4 p.m. between Dorr and Byron Center and at about 120 mph altitude 2000 feet, I was approaching the field something went by under my right wing, going like the merry blazes. I got a good view for a second and then saw a second object pass under my right wing. I made a note to get a better glimpse but they were gone. The first object I saw was tan, had a Delta wing shape and appeared to be smaller than my Cessna plane, but I couldn't determine its exact size. The two objects were going due south and they positively weren't weather balloons."

Case 224, Dallas, Texas, Sept. 25, 1956—In a letter to CIRFO, Mrs. M. A. Ferraro written: "At approximately 9 p.m. I saw a sharp blue light west on the screen. Its movements were erratic, darting downward, instantly reversing and going back west. I watched to make certain the object could not be a firefly caught in the projection beam. It couldn't have been for I was watching it intently. The light was stationary, then was moving behind the screen, where the beam could not reach. By the time we left the movie, there were four of these lights, all in an area extending over about three degrees. Their sizes were that of a pencil eraser at arm's length. Toward the end of the show, about the size of a bottle cap, at arm's length. They could vanish in a second, then become visible again, but far to the right, left, above or below the point at which they vanished. I decided to call the theater's manager to tell him what I saw. He said, 'I know, I saw the same thing.'"

Case 225, Cincinnati, Ohio, Sept. 27, 1956—Said the News-Reporter, a local suburban weekly, Northern Hills physician and wife, who asked that their identity be withheld, told a story of witnessing an eerie demonstration of precision flying among a group of glowing, multi-colored objects. The couple said they were awakened about 3 a.m. when a pane in their bedroom window set up a vibration. "I got up to find out what was causing the noise," the doctor said. Then someone was trying to get into the window. Then I looked out and saw three objects that looked like little balls zooming around in the sky... It was quite a spectacular scene. The balls were all colors—red, green, yellow and several colors that I can't describe. Then the objects just disappeared before our eyes. It wasn't a gentle trailing off like you might expect to see when watching fireworks pop in the sky—the objects just seemed to be there one moment and then not there the next. My wife and I watched the demonstration for almost a half hour."

Case 226, Columbus, Ohio, Sept. 28, 1956—According to the Columbus Dispatch, a former air force pilot and local businessman said that he and his father witnessed eight cigar-shaped objects follow an airliner at 11:20 a.m. He said, "The things were brighter than the aluminum on the plane. They followed the plane, suddenly stopped and reversed themselves. Then they flew south for a short distance and then went up and out of sight. I won't identify myself because people will think I'm crazy."

[Additional cases continue on the page with similar descriptions]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

2 p.m. Police departments of a dozen communities were besieged with calls reporting the explosion... Selfridge authorities said there was only one jet flying at the time in the Detroit area and it had not broken the sound barrier.

Case 229, Trenton, N. Jersey, Oct. 2, 1956—We quote from the Trenton Evening Times, an follow-up: "Harry Sturdenant is a night watchman... whose job is to guard equipment on a road project. At 3:45 a.m., Sturdenant was in a trailer office when he saw a terrifying sight. Large glowing object swooped down out of the sky over the Delaware River. It came within a few feet of the water and then, as suddenly as it appeared, it took off again into the air... Sturdenant recalls that it was very large—probably over 100 feet in length—that it did not have any visible means of propulsion, that it went over the water, and that it gave off an overpowering noxious odor. Sturdenant remembers the color more vividly than anything else. It was so nauseous that he was afraid he was going to become ill."

Case 230, Brooklyn, N.Y., Oct. 7, 1956—A letter-to-CRIFO from Howard Muldrin contained four individual statements by witnesses having seen a UFO. Sighted at 5:30 p.m., the object was generally described as oval-shaped and metallic or silver. Said witness Richard Winderman, "The object was directly overhead. It looked oval and was shining like polished aluminum... Moving in a southerly direction, it gave off no audible sound."

Case 231, Springdale, Ohio, Oct. 9, 1956—By phone, Mrs. James Petrey, reported the following in brief: Four witnesses, at 3:30 p.m. watched, against a deep blue sky, six pinnacled or light moving with fantastic speed. It was different from anything they had ever seen. Darting down, side to side. Stranger of all was the silverish streak that seemed to connect three of the objects, she said. Later, to the surprise of the witnesses, a countless number of red objects, swarming like birds, came in from the east. Flying in a straight horizontal path, the silent objects began flopping over and over, then disappeared behind some trees. It was an astounding sight, said Mrs. Petrey.

Case 232, Denver, Colo., Oct. 12, 1956—Reports the Denver Post, "A mysterious ball of fire whizzing through the sky followed by a loud explosion sent police and firemen on an unsuccessful search for a meteorite. Denver and suburban police and fire stations received hundreds of calls from persons who saw the strange object about 5:30 p.m. Tom Malry, assistant fire chief at station, said he saw the object pass over the firehouse at about 2000 feet at a height of about 1000 feet. It was a bright reddish head and a glowing reddish tail, he said. Ralph Churches of Golden, said he saw a bright red object hanging about 200 feet over one of his corrals."

Case 233, Lake Michigan shore from Racine to White Fish Bay, Wisc., Oct. 13, 1956—Clippings from both the Racine Journal and Milwaukee Journal described a great shocking boom that echoed along the Lake Michigan shore about 8:30 a.m. Saturday. Said the Milwaukee Journal, "It prompted citizens to look up, look down, perhaps take a few pictures and rush to their telephones. Coast guardsmen on the lake front said they heard what sounded like a clap of thunder. Sheriff's department employees at the courthouse in Racine noticed the boom rattled. Spokesman at Truax Field, Madison, and O'Hare Field, Chicago, denied having planes capable of passing the speed of sound in the area. Many residents believed the noise was an earth tremor beneath the lake. A seismometer in Milwaukee, however, recorded no earth movement. A similar device recorded no shift in the lake waters."

At the bottom of the page is contact information:
L. H. STRINGFIELD, Dir.
C.R.I.F.O.
1017 BRITTON AVE.
CINCINNATI 37, OHIO

Footnote mentions:
10 G. H. Marck, Jr., Denver, Colo.
11 Leonard Wiesner, Racine, Wis.


- page 8 -

DISPOSITION FORM

(a) Analysis of Material allegedly from "Flying Saucers"
To: AFOIN-X4 Date: 16 Oct 1956
From: T-2 Thru: AFOIN-3b

1. In accordance with memorandum AFOIN and Air Force Directive for the study of unidentified flying objects, request that attached specimens be examined and a report as to their composition and identity be made to this office.

2. The metallic specimens appear to be a form of non-nickel-cobalt alloy. Attached is a brief description of the specimens which were taken from the drive container supports of an unidentified flying object.

3. Special Investigator, Sgt. D. D. Hill, obtained the specimens Saturday afternoon, 13 October 1956.

4. A brief background summary of evidence should be of some assistance in initiating a study, to include such details as would soundly influence further request.

5. Subject specimens are submitted by an individual who is the head of one of the largest private UFO organizations and a self-proclaimed UFO investigator, and analyst, since 1952 has repeatedly attempted to embarrass the Air Force by unfounded statements to the press. He has a long-standing interest in light-tracking space vehicles.

6. He has a large following of flying saucer adherents; is editor of two UFO publications; appears to be a close friend of both Frank Edwards, a radio and TV commentator, and Donald Keyhoe. The latter is well known as a UFO writer who has had a long standing argument with the Air Force revealing the UFO question.

7. The metal fragments were allegedly found by this individual in a stone quarry in the outskirts of Cincinnati (and vicinity) which was claimed to be only small fragments of a larger mass stated to be about 13 inches in diameter and weighing about 10 pounds. The investigation with some force was found unheeded.

8. The individual monitoring these metallic fragments claims that he will submit them to the U.S. Fracturing, Cincinnati, for investigation, and is now 100 miles away from his home.

DD Form 36


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SUBJECT: (C) Analysis of Material Alteration from "Unidentified" Saucer

1. Angle-white: This is based on results of a thorough investigation of certain materials which were obtained from a concerned citizen who was deeply interested in the object's origin, characteristics, and who has now offered these specimens for scientific analysis.

2. In August of this year, the matter was again brought to the attention of the intelligence section by a communication from the same source. A preliminary investigation was made and the specimens were carefully examined.

3. The investigation in this case reports that upon surveying the area in question no total or small amount of this substance in the area near the individual who supplied these specimens could be found.

4. A special briefing was prepared for General Lewis and his staff a few days ago which included the results of these first investigations, and the findings were discussed in detail.

5. Therefore, in view of the possible adverse publicity that may result from this case, it is proposed that within your coordination, every effort be made to both preserve and identify the specimens submitted herewith.

Encls:
1. Metallic specimens (in box)
2. Glass container
3. CV, 1st Ind (AFCIN-14), 24 Oct 56

R. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components


- page 10 -

FILE CLASS
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

The material which you submitted to ATIC will be as Inclosed in 1st Ind 1954
by AFOSR and will be returned herewith.

A thorough, critical analysis naturally necessitated a complete review
of available information of the aerial photographs, and some classification of
the materials in question.

The results of an analysis of this material follows, accordingly of
the samples submitted, the major portion were found to be of a type common to
a 15 "to 20 year old specialized "metal" pattern from a 1930, 12
standard steel making process.

a. All material identified in "Expanded" or "non-fabricated" form.

b. Samples were examined heterogeneously, chemically and
destructively.

c. Metal Samples:
All four samples were found to be ferro-chromium and mage
netic and not radioactive. The composition obtained for these samples
was:

Chromium   67 - 71 percent
Nickel     11 - 15 percent
Cr, Cb, & Ta   0.2 percent
Mg, Ca, & Al   0.5 percent
                Balance

The crystalline structure and heat-annealed condition of
these samples indicate a similarity to the fact that a 12-gauge Armco T-1
would be accompanied by one of several origins has not been typical of
this lot. However, appearance and bulk sampling analysis suggests
recovery was from areas some 200 feet from the area of direct metal or used
foundry where erosion in this form is customarily found in steel making.


- page 11 -

MEMORANDUM

To: [redacted]
Sutherland
Subject: Identification of Fibers

A sample of fibers was brought in for identification. Microscopical examination reveals that these fibers are multifilament bundles.

The individual fibers seem to be monofilaments and not staple fibers.

The individual filaments are unusually small being about 2 to 4 microns in diameter. A rough birefringence measurement gave ± 0.022. The filaments seem to be slightly oval in cross section though no sections were made. The oval shape may cause some error in birefringence, but the range of birefringence for regenerated cellulose is 0.021 to 0.029.

The birefringence of some other synthetics are nylon 0.060, dynel 0.145, decron 0.173, orlon-0.002, and acrilan -0.005. The size and birefringence also eliminates all natural fibers ordinarily encountered with the possible exception of spider web and this seems unlikely since it would be difficult to make yarns of it.

The fibers are insoluble in acetic acid, chloroform, dimethylformamide, and 90 per cent phenol. They are soluble in cuprammonium hydroxide and also in concentrated HCl. This is characteristic of regenerated cellulose fibers, either viscose or cuprammonium rayon. This solubility behavior eliminates cellulose acetate, vinyon HH, dynel, vinyon N, nylon, acril, vicara, orlon, acrilan, and decron.

It is difficult to distinguish between the viscose and cuprammonium regenerated Celluloses. In ordinary size ranges they usually differ in cross section, but in this size it would probably not be possible to distinguish them. Matthews Textile Fibers, 6th edition, edited by H. R. Manersberger.

Birefringence is the difference between the refractive indices for light vibrating parallel to and perpendicular to the long axis of the filament.


- page 12 -

FILE CLASS
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

d. Textile Sample:

The sample purported to be so-called "angel's-hair", reportedly a volatile gray-white substance by the 3rd Air Force at Cincinnati, was given both chemical and microscopic tests and is, without doubt, a substance of rayon, which is more commonly called "Iceberg rayon" in the United States. This material, after exposure to air for 72 hours, did not volatilize.

This is the type of industrial or waste product "lint" that may be found into textile waste by certain manufacturers or textile mills. In this case, rayon. Incidentally, there appears to be no possible industrial waste product other than the rayon. The sample was examined and there seems to be two industrial waste product described.

The set which you refer to, of carrying nine pounds of metal a distance of one and one-half miles for 72 hours, plus pieces in the category of "most perspiration" like force, tiles obtained in a number of such cases, and to present delivery attempts and manufacture evidence and, as such, result collectively in a definable mass of Government time, money and effort.

Sincerely,

Incl:
Incl 1: Textile Samples


- page 13 -

C.R.I.F.O.
Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects
Cincinnati 27, Ohio

September 26, 1956

Major H. C. Shaw, C.O.
Air Technical Intelligence Command
Wright-Patterson AFB,
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major Shaw:

Sorry that we had so much telephonic confusion in my attempt to reverse charges, I, too, was in a "bad way" in that I was calling from The DuBois Co., whose policies also involve red tape in making long distance calls.

Reason for calling was in response to a call from the Air Filter Center this a.m., which directed me to your command. The officer with whom I talked said that I should send my "material" to your command. I explained that mailing such would be inadvisable because I did not want to disturb the state in which the "angel hair" was originally placed in a jar. If this state of preservation is important then mailing, of course, would not be the best method. Purpose of calling, thus, was to get your advice.

Facts Concerning The Angel Hair:

Shortly before 5 o'clock p.m. Sept. 25, 1956, my wife, [redacted], sitting on porch with children, watched "something" white float down in front yard of home. While investigating the nature of this material, she noticed another smaller tuft of the substance falling, also landing on ground.

In its original state the larger specimen lay flat looking like strands of white asbestos fibre. It's size, flattened, was about 3" X 3".

When she touched the sensitive substance, she said it


- page 14 -

Con't

seemed to curl. She then gathered the substance on a stick
and put it in an air tight jar. In so doing, a gossamer strand
of the substance adhered to the lid, and the stick which held the
bulk of the cocoon-appearing fibre hung pendant in the glass jar.
A second and smaller specimen, was collected on a pencil.
This we left exposed to the air.

I told my wife not to disturb the state in which she first de-
posited the substance. For this reason I believe mailing is
not practical.

Of course, the substance may be worthless, but it does seem
similar to other specimens I have seen, reputed to be "angel
hair", and to other specimens I have seen in photographs.

I would like to make a chemical analysis of this substance,
but shall wait until I hear from either you or Capt. Gregory.

Respectfully yours,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 15 -

This case includes six (6) 4½"x5" photographs.


- page 16 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image contains three black and white photographs:

1. Top image: A hand reaching into some foliage or bushes
2. Middle image: A wooden house or building with a path and wooden fence in the foreground
3. Bottom image: A landscape with trees and what appears to be a residential area in the background


- page 17 -

There is no legible text on this document. The page contains three black and white photographs:

1. Top image: A vintage car parked near some trees, with a partial view of a person sitting or standing next to the vehicle.

2. Middle and bottom images: Close-up views of a wooden fence or gate in a grassy area, with the images appearing to be slightly different angles of the same scene.


- page 18 -

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 84—THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS

Other Varieties of Angel Hair

Several types of angel hair not of arachnid origin have been reported in industrial areas, particularly in and near cities that have textile factories. When the filtering system of such a factory fails to work properly, lint and waste residues may be thrown into the air to be carried away by the wind and eventually deposited on the ground. Drifting fibers of nylon, rayon, and other fabrics can mystify observers, especially if the residues break and disappear when touched. Some cities, such as Cincinnati, maintain an Air Pollution Center to deal with the problems resulting from air contamination by industrial wastes. Scientists at this and other centers often collaborate with ATIC or identifying unknown substances.

Late in the afternoon of September 25, 1956, a housewife in Cincinnati noticed a strange substance floating down into her yard, a white, fibrous material that curled when she touched it. Wondering if she had found some angel hair, she described the incident to the editors of Orbit. In addition, she collected some of the material in a jar and sent it to the Air Force for analysis [9]. Working in collaboration with the Air Pollution Center at Cincinnati, ATIC investigators subjected the material to chemical and microscopic tests and identified it as waste products from fibers of cuprammonium (Bemberg) rayon, from a local industrial plant.


- page 19 -

Cincinnati 27, Ohio

Major H. C. Shaw, C.O.
Air Technical Intelligence Command
Wright-Patterson AFB,
Dayton, Ohio

TRANSFERRED ON GOVERNMENT
ORDERS TO
Wright-Patterson AFB,
OHIO


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

36, states that the finest viscose filaments are 1 denier or
has been produced as fine as 0.4 denier. 0.4 denier is about 1 micron
approximately 3 microns in diameter while 1 denier is about 7 microns in
diameter. Since the unknown runs 2 to 4 microns it is probably viscose
rayon. In the United States this type of rayon is often called acetate
brand name.


- page 21 -

The text on this page is partially illegible. The parts I can make out are:

[Top right corner appears to have a number: 2376]

[First line appears to start with something like "...atch tel..." but is not clearly readable]

"The attached tel report is forwarded for record and action."

[Bottom of page appears to have some text that is not clearly legible]


- page 22 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

PROJECT NUMBER: 10073           DATE: 12 October 1956

TRAVEL ORDER NUMBER: 081680      DEVICE: AC Sciences

SUBJECT: (C) Trip to Cincinnati Area to Obtain Specimens Allegedly from Flying Saucer*

1. REASON:

2. PURPOSE: The purpose of this trip was to obtain specimens, statements and other confidential information from Cincinnati, Ohio.

3. PARTICIPANTS:
   2. To interview a member of a private UFO organization, a civil-specialist exclusively for the investigation, provided with access to local sources.

3. To interview the editor of the (2) UFO publication having fairly wide circulation.

4. To same effect discussion with Deputy AFIC and the Air Force 1A in Cincinnati, Ohio, with a private interview.

5. As of late, he has extensively attempted to obtain official interviews and additional data from ATIC Headquarters USAF and various military, civil and other agencies, policy and force officer in the past.

6. On 12 October 1956, he contacted ATIC again for the purpose stated in the preceding paragraph. He was told with some firmness that we could only consider and have a reporting of this procedure over the phone. He other matters, he would have to contact the USAF ATIC office in Cincinnati.

7. He was again stated he had two (2) specimens he believed originated from flying saucers. This would be a problem, however, it would not inhibit the investigation of the incident.

8. DISCUSSION:
   1. Travel commenced on 12 October 1956 and ended 12 October 1956.

   2. West Oliver D. HILL, USAIC, Aerial Phenomena Group, AFCHIN-2A, was the individual making the travel, as investigator.


- page 23 -

6. DISCUSSION (Cont):

10. Names of individuals visited:
    a. Mr. [redacted]
    b. Mrs. [redacted]

11. Investigator's personal reports:
    a. Departed Wright-Patterson AF Base, 0600 hours, 12 October 1956 enroute to Cincinnati, Ohio. Arrived Cincinnati, Ohio 0800 hours. The interview was with Mr. [redacted]

    b. Mr. [redacted] lives in the suburbs of Cincinnati, in what is known as Madeira/villa. This suburb is approximately 21 miles from the downtown area of Cincinnati. I arrived at Mr. [redacted]'s home, 1 Avenue, at 1:10 hours. Mr. [redacted] was somewhat perturbed at the delay of my arrival.

    c. A note of explanation is necessary here. Mr. [redacted] allegedly well in his possession a substance called "Angel" which purports to be cosmic-ray power plants of flying saucers claim in the cosmic trail from the cosmic-ray power plants of interplanetary space ships. This substance validates upon contact with the earth's atmosphere, then (supposedly) abruptly was "alone within a few hours, staying no residue, which could be chemically treated or prepared to dissolve after the specimen was given him.

    d. Mr. [redacted] invited me (and my witness) into his home, and immediately started the discussion by asking if he was free to talk in front of Mrs. [redacted] and his house. I began to try to ascertain from his and my release, trying to impress upon him that because he had once been a member of an Air Force intelligence section.

    e. As this investigation involved no classified items or information, I told him to proceed openly. Mr. [redacted] then asked several leading questions, such: "How do I report any sightings to ATIC?" "How can I get an interview?" "How may I arrange interviews with project officers? Am I to report all sightings to ATIC?" The statement was also made that he had been "appointed" to report all sightings to ATC through [redacted] Air Force base and that they paid all phone bills for him, other than personal calls.

    f. At this point, I interrupted him and explained AFR 200-2 on the procedures, format of reporting, and the conditions under which ATIC authorized the payment of phone calls.

    g. I then asked Mr. [redacted] who had appointed his "UFO investigator" for the Cincinnati area for the Air Force, and who the individual was who authorized him to make such calls. Without much explanation, he stated a Captain was in charge at Lockbourne AF Base, and a Captain Kee who seems to have replaced Capt. McKenzie.


- page 24 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

c. DISCUSSION (Cont.):

h. I then brought up the subject of my real purpose for being there and asked Mr. _______ for the sample of the "Angel"-hair his wife had found. He immediately produced a glass jar with subject item of hair. He said his wife had called it "Angel hair". I was somewhat suspicious, however, I insisted that he open the jar and he complied. There was no appreciable change to the contents of the jar, but Mr. _____________ explained that with he had meant she would die if I opened the "Angel"-hair would die.

i. I then replaced the lid of the jar, stepped outside and obtained photographs of the object and its contents. I then asked Mr. ____________ to know the samples of metal he held said, as he went inside to do so. I took additional pictures of the area. In no doing, I noticed a white object floating in the air and preserved it, but, on contact with my hand it completely disappeared. I made no mention of this incident to Mr. ____________.

j. I then returned inside and Mr. ____________ gave me one or several samples he had preserved, stating they were dug out of an old shoe quarry. (I understood his to say near Cincinnati, however, I have since learned that the samples were found in an abandoned gravel pit near Lafayette, Indiana). I gave these samples to Captain Gregory in a sealed envelope. Mr. ____________ had to return to his regular job. I then returned to the town area and proceeded back to original destination w/ case.

k. Upon return to ATIC, I orally reported all details and assisted Captain Gregory in preparing an official request for an examination and evaluation of the specimens (copy attached, Inclosure No. 3).

D. CONCLUSIONS:

12. All matters regarding the procurement of the specimens and other statements pertinent to this case were accomplished.

13. The undersigned did not engage in, nor forced into, any discussions on the Air Force position and approach to the UFO controversy which would be used to the detriment of the Air Force or ATIC.

E. RECOMMENDATIONS:

14. Hereafter, nature of the analysis and identity of the specimens will dictate the action necessary.

OLIVER R. HILL
1/359 USAF
Air Science Division


- page 25 -

ROUGH DRAFT                                                ROUGH DRAFT

Cincinnati 27, Ohio

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

The material which you submitted to A/2/GT Hill on 12 October 1956 for study and analysis is herewith returned.

A thorough, critical analysis naturally required a certain amount of small destruction of the metal fragments, and some dissipation of the thread-like material.

The results of an analysis of this material which, indirectly or by implication, you purport to be of some extra terrestrial origin or, as in the case of the "angel's-hair" produced from a "flying saucer" is summarized as follows:

a. All material submitted is "man-made" or "man-fabricated".

b. Samples were examined microscopically, chemically and spectrographically.

c. Metal Samples:
All four samples were found to be ferro-chromium and magnetic and not radioactive. The composition obtained for these samples was:

Chromium    67 - 71 percent
Silicon     0.1 - 1.0 percent
Ni, Co, & Mn 0.2 percent
Mg, Ca, & Al 0.5 percent
Iron         Balance

The crystalline structure and non-oxidized condition of these samples points directly to the fact that a high-temperature such as would be encountered by one of meteoric origin has not been imposed. Both the common appearance and the analysis of these samples strongly suggest that they have come from the bins of either a steel mill or steel foundry where chromium in this form is customarily added to steel melts.


- page 26 -

d. Textile Sample:

The sample purported to be "angel-hair", reportedly a volatile by-product of the fuel used in "flying saucers", was given both chemical and microscopic tests and is, without doubt, carboxymethyl rayon, which is more commonly called "Bamberg Rayox" in the U.S. This material, after exposure to air for 72 hours in the Materials Branch, did not volatilize.

This is the type of industrial or waste product "flue" that may be ejected into the atmosphere by certain manufacturers of the textile industry, in this case, rayon.

We are perplexed for an explanation as what the deterrents or indications were leading you to believe that this material was so-called "angel's-hair."

We would like/comment on your statement that it would appear foolish for anyone (your source, in this case) to carry almost ten pounds of metal to a gravel pit, supposedly to give the specimen some aura of mystery or to create the impression that its origin was other than earthly. It may interest you to know that our files contain a large number of cases indicating that far greater efforts and deviously clever means were resorted to in attempts to create such impressions.

We are certain that you will agree with us that "deliberate" attempts at fabrication and hence result in a needless loss of government time, money, man power and efforts, not to say the taxpayer's money.

Sincerely,

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page]


- page 27 -

