PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
April 1956

2. LOCATION
50 MI South of Bakersfield, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1000 PST
GMT /1800Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15-30 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
east

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Bright object slightly E of overhead in view for 15-30 seconds. Appeared as a red-orange light brighter than the sky. Disappeared by being reduced in size piece by piece. Disappeared over mountains. No sound, tail, exhaust. Appeared in front of mountains & disappeared over them. Observation fm car driver N. Driver attempted to pull car off road & when he had stopped the object had disappeared. Under observation by companion while witness who rptd obj was driving the car.

11. COMMENTS
Insufficient Data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other
☒ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

UFO

16 Jul 56         0938

SUBJECT NAME                                   SUSPENSE DATE
FROM                                           DATE            NUMBER
                                                30 Jun 56       Ltr
Last Sherwood, Wash.                           FILE DESIGNATION

SUMMARY
Ltr, dtd 30 Jun 56, Sbjt UFO

Incl/OIR-WX2a, 9 Jul 56, 1035

TO      OIR-474                TO              TO              TO
DATE    9 Jul 56               DATE            DATE            DATE

REPLIED OR INDORSED            FILED (Place)    OTHER ACTION
NAR     o.o.h                  1


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S.A.F.
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio.

Dear Lt. Mark L. Storm:

In questionnaire form which you sent has been damaged; therefore, I will attempt to give as nearly as possible, an equal report on this paper.

Unidentified Flying Object.

1. When object was seen - In April, 1955.
(Note: I did not report this heretofore, as I only recently heard of your interest in these reports)

2. Time of Day - Approximately 10:00 A.M. Pacific Standard Time.

3. Where Located - We were driving north towards Bakersfield, Calif. about 50 miles south of this city on a desert.

4. How long was object seen? - From 15 to 30 seconds.

5. How certain of this? - Very certain.

6. Condition of the sky? Brightly was clear - Visibility good.

7. Where was sun located? Our back, but slightly eastward.

8. How bright was object? - Brighter than sky but not as bright as the sun. We could look directly at it without difficulty.

9. Was it like an auto headlight? - No, it was a weird orange-red light. I have seen neon lights similar to it, but not exactly like it.

10. The object appeared to stand still at first; it did not appear but gradually disappeared like a disc, gradually disappearing. Its form was cut out of it, only if course much faster. We did not give off smoke or change brightness, or flicker. It only changed shape as it gradually disappeared over the mountains.

11. Did the object move behind something? - No.

The document is dated 30 June 1956 and appears to be a handwritten report of a UFO sighting.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(2)

12. Did it move in front of anything?
It was already in front of this mountain range from
25 to 100 miles to the east between the mountains
and us, but it did not move in front of anything
else.

13. The object appeared to be solid and was not transparent
that is, we could not see through it.

14. Did you observe the object through any glasses?
No. We saw the object through an open car window
with our naked eyes.

15. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. sound - there was no sound reaching our ears.
b. color - weird orange-red unlike any thing we
have seen, some men argue come close to it.

16. Following is a sketch of the object:
[hand-drawn sketch of object with mountain range]

Note: no vapor trails or exhaust - no noise.

17. How about the edges?
Sharply outlined like a ball of fire - smooth edges.

18. How many objects? - Only one.

19. Motion of object:
[hand-drawn sketch showing object's motion]

20. Size of object...
The mountains were from 25 to 100 miles away, and
the object was between them and us. It was at least a
mile away, but I do not know how far. I am not
familiar with that part of the country, and do not know
that mountain range and how far away from the highway


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(3)

21. Compare the object to a nickel held out at an arm's length in the hand.

22. Clear fairly within the above conclusion.

23. How did the object disappear from view?
    Oft first appeared below the tops of the mountains, about half way from ground to top - then disappeared gradually over the tops of the mountains to the east. This happened in a matter of seconds.

24. Construct the object -
    This was like a ball of fire - the closest I can explain it is that it was similar to the sun shining through the smoke of a great fire in brightness, but the color was different - a vivid orange red - Naturally, it was not the sun as it was below the tops of the mountains; it was naturally too low; it also moved above the mountains; the sun was just about overhead at 10:00 A.M.

25. Where located?
    We were in a car.

26. We were in an open countryside.

27. What were you doing at the time?
    We were slowly northward on a connecting highway between U.S. 99 and another one toward Bakersfield, and eventually Seattle, our destination.

28. We were moving northwest at approximately 45 M.P.H.

29. We stopped after first sighting the object.

30. What direction were you looking? Eastward.

31. We were also looking eastward when we last sighted the object.

32. Number of degrees from north:
    I cannot estimate this, although it was not far above the horizon when it disappeared and went east-ward. It moved a few degrees to the south. It was also a few degrees below the tops of the mountains at first.

[The document also includes a simple hand-drawn diagram at the bottom with points labeled A and B]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

33. Object's position when first and last seeing it.

34. Weather conditions:
Clear sky - slight breeze - Dry - Warm.

35. June 6, 1956 - (20 you) (U.S.A.F.) - (First reports official)

36. Were anyone else with you?   Yes.
    a. How many saw - the object.
    b. Name and address:
        Mr. [redacted]
        Yucaipa, Calif.

37. Was this first time you have seen such an object?   Yes.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was?
    I have no idea what this was, but am open-minded about the subject. It was unlike anything I have ever before seen, and the details stand out clearly after all this time. They could and I thought it was either something the U.S. was experimenting with, or some object from outer space. We are open minded, however, I respect.

39. Estimated speed:
    It must have been traveling at tremendous speed, because it disappeared so fast. However, I cannot say how fast.

40. How long was the object?   I don't know.

41. NAME - [redacted]
    JOB - SENIOR IN COLLEGE - WORKING PART TIME
    AGE - 35   SEX - MALE
    HAVE been 3 years in U.S.N.R. - had Radio school training for navy and government. Also Bill school.

The document also contains a small hand-drawn sketch of an object with a curved shape.


- page 6 -

42. Date questionnaire completed - 30 June, 1956.

Summary of event.

NAME - [redacted]
SIGNATURE - [redacted]
DATE - June 30, 1956.

On the morning of an April or May day in 1955 while traveling northward with a friend on a highway leading into U.S. 99 about 50 miles north of Bakersfield, Calif. at about 10:00 A.M., I noticed an orange - red ball of fire to the east and on my right; I hollered and yelled to my friend, who was riding beside me, and pointed in that direction. He was just as amazed as I and we pulled over to the side of the highway to observe it further. My friend saw it gradually disappear, but I had to look ahead while pulling off the road, and the next time I looked it was just disappearing from view over the mountains. When I first noticed it, it was a round ball, but when later I saw it, it was only partly left. The sun was overhead, and we knew it was not connected with it. We was also between the mountains and us alone the desert, apparently from one to five miles away. We did not spend much about it, and have not been too noisy about it except mainly friends, as others would think we "crazy". However, we are both honest Christians and would sooner die than lie about it.

It was so amazing that we talked about it the rest of the trip to Seattle and told some friends. We had not seen anything to speak it, although my friend said he saw a silvery disk before that. This, however, as has been noted, was a week or more before this. The color was white, or color I have not seen. The closest color seemingly is on some neon signs. It was not too bright to look directly at, and suffer no ill effects. We felt, one did not even have to squint, but it was much brighter.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

then the background of sky and mountains.
<- This is the approximate color - only somewhat lighter and more orange.

This is about all the information I can give on this subject. I hope this has been an aid in helping you identify this object. You can be assured that this is not a "hoax" or place report, although some of the details might be inaccurate. Remember, there was no noise, no smoke or vapor trails, no tail - just a round object in the sky and moving east as it disappear apparently, although we are not certain it was moving east, since we were looking east. We did notice that it moved a few degrees southwest. As if said before, we are open-minded and don't want to make this appear to be something it was not.

Sincerely yours,

Witnesses:
1. [redacted]           E. STANWOOD, WASH.
2. [redacted]           Yucaipa, CALIF.


- page 8 -

