The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card that documents an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 29 September 1956
2. LOCATION: Ashford, Kent, England
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Civilian, military
6. COURSE: Civilian military
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Calls to A.F.B. tower concerning UFOs; reported as bright object in sky, possibly of base.
11. COMMENTS: Information received four days after sighting. No follow-up other than check w/tower operator who could give no additional details. Only names and towns of witnesses received (no address).

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing an incident of unidentified flying objects observed by British civilians on the night of September 20, 1956 near Ashford, Kent, England. The text provides details about the sighting, including the time, location, and a summary of the events as reported to the Control Tower.

UNCLASSIFIED 
ATIC # : 29076 2 
Proj^et : 10372TS 

Subject : Unidentified Flying Objects 
Sonrepa : British Civilians 

Set l/l, Case 1/2 

Two calls were received by the Control Tower at Manston AF Base, England concerning Unidentified Flying Objects on the night of September 20 , 1956. - First call at 19.50 local time, stating a bright object in the sky, 10 - 15 miles SW of Ashford. A second call came about 19.55 stating the object was a bright white disc approaching Manston at very high speed. It was headed SE and then ESE. Both calls were put into Flight Service at this Base and they in turn gave it to the RAF Liaison Officer at Orpington. He in turn called the Jass Operation and said that they might have been seeing balloons. 
The above information was obtained on the September 24, 1956. Four days later.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically a report dated January 9, 1957. The text on the page is as follows:

Sat 1/4, Card 2/2 United Kingdom
After the event took place, I checked with the Liaison Officer at Oxbridge, but was unable to obtain any further information. The addresses of the sighters was unknown except for the town in which they live. The Tower Operator could give no further information.

Entire Document 
GKC/msf
January 9, 1957

- page 3 -

