PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
26 September 1956

2. LOCATION
Craig, Colorado

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT. 27/01555

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XB Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
ten minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
fourteen

9. COURSE
North to
Southeast

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Approximately 14 lights arranged as a string as described: uniform in distance and appeared to be similar to a string of cabin lights on a modern passenger aircraft as seen from the ground. Object was traveling from the North to the Southeast at approximately one or two thousand feet altitude. Object was observed visually for ten minutes.

11. COMMENTS
Contact w/Frontier Air Lines indicates that airline flies over Craig on the flight. fm Salt Lake City to Denver. Flight left Salt Lake at 1805. Description & duration of sighting indicates sighting caused by a/c, probably DC-3 commercial. Since there was an absence of some and the Frontier flight could not have traveled, if on schedule, fm Salt Lake to Craig in 50 minutes. Case evaluated as probably a/c.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
X Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Multi

INCIDENT #4
4597TH GROUND OBSERVER SQUADRON
P.O. Box 1092
Colorado Springs, Colorado

2 October 1956

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: Commander
4602nd Air Intelligence Service Squadron
ATTN: AISGC
Hq Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado

The enclosed report of an unidentified flying object is forwarded in accordance with phone conversation between Lt. Machyowsky, your organization and Lt. Kingerry, this unit.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HUGH R. KINGERY
1st Lt., USAF
Adjutant

12 OCT 56 12:28


- page 2 -

I

On the morning of 28 Sep 56, the undersigned interviewed Mr [redacted] and his wife Mrs [redacted] Craig, regarding a report of an unidentified object seen moving over the Craig area the evening of 26 September 1956.

The object is described as a string of lights, approximately ten, preceded by three or four lights, smaller and immediately above and slightly ahead of the others. These lights were uniform in distance, and appeared to be similar to a string of cabin lights on a modern passenger a/c as seen from the ground.

Description would seem to follow the folg diagram:
[A hand-drawn diagram of lights is present, but as instructed, I will not describe its specific details]

The shape and color of the object are unknown, as it was dark at the time of sighting. No other lights were sighted, so it is not known if the object had wings or tail structures. No smoke or vapor trail was seen, also because of darkness.

The lights were first sighted by Mr [redacted] as he was climbing the outside stairs to his second floor apartment in down town Craig.

He said his attention was first called to the object when a bright flash in the sky caught his eyes. He then watched the lights move from a point approximately one mile directly north of Craig south east till it passed out of sight, to the south east.

Approximate speed of the object was 85 to 100 MPH. As the object flew by, a bright light similar to a carbon arc light began flashing on and off. In [redacted] words "looked much like an airplane beacon flashing." It continued till object was gone.

At no time during the observation was any sound heard. Which


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

II

is strange in view of the fact that it passed almost directly over
Craig. M believes the object was roughly one to two thousand
feet above the ground.

There were three other witnesses to this action. All agree on time,
course and visual characteristics. Object was first sighted at
0155 Zebra time, and was in sight approximately 10 minutes. It
was first sighted at grid coordinates November Lima 2732, and flew
a direct course to November Lima 3031, where it passed out of sight.
The light was still flashing with regularity, seeming to be on top
of, or on the stern section of the object.

Weather was fair, no cloud cover, with thin haze in the east.
No wind, temperature 55-50.

M is 28, employed as a night baker, veteran of the
Navy (Security Dept.). Mailing address, Craig.

Other witnesses: Mrs (wife)
M (father)
Mrs (mother)

This report was first made to James M. Pughe, Moffat by CD
in Craig. Mr Pughe checked with Craig airport. No a/c had taken
off or landed there recently.

A check with GOC posts in this area has been negative as regards
any object of this description.

/s/ C. Nelson

This is a Certified True Copy

CHARLES W. GODSEY, Captain, USAF
Assistant Adjutant


- page 4 -

