PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 19 October 1956
2. LOCATION: Bostonia, California
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2100 hrs (PST)
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 - 20 min (photo exposure)
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: N/A
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: In report given to FBI, source stated that as part of her photography course, she fixed a camera on the ground to get a "time-exposure" of the moon. Camera was left "open" for 10-20 minutes. Then shutter closed. Upon development of the film a saucer-like object was found over a tree in the prints. Source claims she has no knowledge how the object appeared in the film.

11. COMMENTS: Negligent and different density reproduction of the prints indicates that there was a "break" in the exposure. The position of the moon and its track, which was shifted to a 45° angle from the original track, was the clue. Apparently a partial track of the moon was made; the shutter closed (indoors) was photographed; and an attempt to return the camera to its original position was made. Evidence of "dodging" and "burning in" of the photography in question is also evident.

12. CONCLUSIONS: [Checked box for "Other: Hoax"]


- page 1 -

STATEMENT OF WITNESS

(Place)
June 10, 1962
(Date)

I hereby state that [name redacted] identified himself to me as a Special Agent of the Office of Special Investigations, United States Air Force, and that I so hereby voluntarily and of my own free will make the following statement, without having been subjected to any coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful inducement, and with any promise of reward, benefit, or any immunity held made to me:

I am in a Photography class at [location redacted] High School. My instructor gave us a project stating that we were to take a time exposure of the moon and stars as we would know the pattern that they make on film. On a Friday evening, either on Oct. 19, or now 2, I'm not quite sure, during a full moon, I took my box camera out to take the time exposure. I prepared up to take the camera with a rock, and I set the camera facing the moon.

In order to make the picture more interesting, I decided to take in part of the perspective that was also on the spot. After the camera was ready, I pulled out the time exposure.

Page 1 of 3 Page


- page 2 -

STATEMENT OF                                                 DATE 10 Jun 57

and went into the church, that was
near, to wait for the exposure.
Of didn't make to much difference
as to how long the exposure should
be, so I didn't keep track of the
time. I knew that it was there
now shorter than ten mins and now
longer than 20 mins. Within this
time, I went out again & clicked
the camera and turned the picture
for the next exposure.

Page 2 of 3 Pages

(Signature)


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

STATEMENT OF

DATE 10 Jan 57

I then took several other pictures of the moon, and other superways of candles etc. that was also part of the project.

S.R.H.

I further state that I have read this entire statement, initialed all of the pages and corrections and signed this statement, and that it is correct and true, as written.

(Signature)
(Address)

Witnesses:
(Address)

Subscribed and sworn to before me
This 10 day of JAN 1957
a person authorized by law to administer oath:

Andrew C. Gaffey
Signature of person administering oath
3/19 OSI
Official character, grade, etc.

Page 3 of 3 Pages


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

(1) [Top right area, partially illegible]

(2) Three General

(3) + Points from many dark colors (?) with ext. strip. Picture of light fixture fixing their

(4) Picture to next (??) of and shutter toward again

[Other partially legible notes include:]
"Line"
"Position of Moon"
"Comes was told slightly when"
"Near track"

There is also a hand-drawn diagram with various shapes, lines, and arrows, and what appears to be a sketch of a UFO or object near a line or tree.

The bottom right of the page has a number "8765" written.


- page 5 -

DISPOSITION FORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

FILE NO.: [blank]
SUBJECT (U): Review of UFO Photos Obtained by FBI
TO: APOIN-402a                FROM: AFCIN-484                DATE: 28 July 57
                                                            Capt G.M. Gregory/wm
                                                            69216

1. Attached herewith are subject photos and a report regarding the incident.

2. Request your comment concerning the preliminary analysis made by this office, which indicates the following:

a. Source's statement that the camera was not moved does not appear valid: a stationary, time-exposure of the moon would have been shown as one continuous line. Two directions of the moon are indicated on the photograph.

b. Both enlargements show a slender-like item, above and extending outward from the middle of the object.

c. The object resembles the glass fixtures usually found hanging from ceiling - lighting arrangements.

d. In our opinion, the shutter was tripped sometime before removal of the film, and in some room having the glass fixture. A dark-colored ceiling with a clean or frosted-glass fixture, would result in the fixture, being superimposed, with any slender fixture supports and the ceiling blending into the night sky of the original exposure.

[Signature] HENRY G. MILEY
           AFCIN-402a

TO: AFCIN-484                FROM: AFCIN-402a                23 July 57 Maj. Willner Cm 2

1. The comments above are in general agreement with this additional one. The moon path appears broken both in direction and exposure time. The moon appears as two, possibly three, separate images rather than a single wide line. This shows a lapse of time between separate exposures of possibly 2 - 3 minutes, a sufficient length of time for removal of the camera, a second superimposed exposure to be made, and the camera returned to nearly its original position. If the camera had not been moved, the moon path would have appeared as an uninterrupted, wide, nearly straight line.

[Signature] WILLIAM F. WILLNER, Major, USAF
           AFCIN-402a

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

[Bottom of form shows DD FORM 96, with notation that it replaces NME FORM 58, 1 OCT 48, WHICH MAY BE USED]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

AFOIN-4J4

SUBJECT: UFO Photographs Submitted by FBI on files - Bostonia, California

For: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters USAF
Washington 25, D. C.

1. Attached is a draft of a proposal letter to be forwarded by your office to subject person, reflecting the results of an analysis made by this Center on photographs originally submitted to your organization by the Federal Bureau of Investigations, Reference letter from 10th OSI District, Chula AFB, California, dated 18 June 1957, a copy which was forwarded to this Center with enlargements of the original prints.

2. Subject photography is highly suggestive of a hoaxy however, this could not be lipid with the attempt to show that it has not necessarily perpetrated by subject person.

3. Experience has shown that incidents of this type are of ten publicized, with allegations and statements detrimental to the Air Force, when explanations are not given to sources submitting photography. In to, therefore, the general policy of this Center, where possible, to provide a brief summary of our analysis to such individuals.

3 Incls
1. Proposed Ltr to
2. Cy Dist Dist OSI Ltr to Hqs
   USAF w/acct Intel Rpt & Statement
   of Witness
3. 3 (Cont) Close prints w/markings

When inclosure number (N) _____ is/are withdrawn or reclassified the classification on this correspondence will be changed in accordance w/ P. L. 86-36

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 7 -

Bostonia, California

Dear Miss

We are in receipt of a series of photographs to the Air Force by the Federal Bureau of Investigations, showing what is purported to be an unidentified flying object. A detailed analysis, which included both microscopic examinations and large-size projections, indicates the following:

a. The camera was moved sometime between the period the shutter was opened and closed. This is borne out by a study of the moon track, which would normally be a straight, unbroken-line image.

The track in the photographs is broken both in direction and time.

b. The "missing period" can be determined by taking the moon's approximate diameter of 1/2 degrees, and its known time-movement across the sky. A plot indicates that there was a lapse of time between exposures of 2 to 3 minutes. This would be sufficient time for the removal of the camera from its fixed position, after which a second superimposed image made, and the camera returned to its original position. As indicated by the broken track of the moon, the attempt to set the camera in its exact previous position was difficult to do.

c. Your attention is invited to the line slightly above the object. This appears to be part of a room ceiling, and is particularly suggestive of this assumption if a line is extended outward to form a corner. The object, in our opinion, is a conventional light fixture.


- page 8 -

d. A further examination of the photography indicates that a method of developing called "dodging" was used in one photograph, and a "burning in" process around the lighted area was used in another.

We have no grounds on which to suspect a deliberate fraud towards a government agency; however, there appears to have been some tampering by persons unknown with respect to the material submitted.

Your interest in reporting this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,

1 Incl
3 (8x10) Prints w/markings


- page 9 -

Fulcrum Productions
P. O. Box 606
Morristown, N. J., U. S. A.

RADIO AND TELEVISION PROGRAMMING
MUSICK MUSIC LIBRARY
U. F. O. NEWSLETTER
PRODUCT MARKETING
PUBLIC RELATIONS

12 December 1950

Lt. Col. L. J. Tacker, USAF
Public Information Div., OI
Secretary of the Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Colonel Tacker,

I am in receipt of your letter of 9 December, and the two glossy prints of the AVRO car. Thank you for these; any additional material you can send will be much appreciated, including any press release which accompanies or enlarges on those photographs and the general subject of the air car.

I understand you are not to release UFO case photos as they are returned to the owner. I find this difficult to reconcile with two distinct cases which have now come to my attention, and on which I would appreciate any comments or conclusions.

First, you note you are not familiar with the name of [redacted], who took a photograph on 16 January 1957, and it appears on page 48 of your book, clearly labeled as a hoax. I quite agree, as I pointed out in my earlier letter, although our analysis was not so complete as the Air Force one, and did not include the ceiling lines, etc. What puzzles me is how you can include this photo without even knowing the owner and, incidentally, copyright holding of the photograph. If you didn't know this, how could the photograph be "returned to the original owner as soon as the analysis has been completed"?

My second case refers to that photograph taken by [redacted] of Denville, New Jersey, and which we sent to ATIC in May 1959. To date I have received neither results of any study, nor photograph, nor anything else from ATIC or your office, and neither has Mr. Wilson. How does this fit in with your statement about photographs, which I note is repeated often in our past correspondence?

I also know of several other cases where prints taken from their owners by Air Force representatives have never been seen again. One is local, others are not. I find your current procedures, therefore, somewhat enigmatic.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Col Tuckey/mio/72231

16 December 1960

Dear Mr. Munsick:

This is to acknowledge your letter of 12 December 1960 concerning unidentified flying objects.

The next photograph on page 48 of my book entitled FLYING SAUCERS AND THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE was provided by the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center as an example of a photograph book available for publication end, in line with Air Force policy, no names were used in connection with this photograph. The original photograph or negative was, of course, returned to the original owner.

Air Force records indicate that you did submit on 23 May 1959 the UFO photograph taken by Mr. [redacted] of Danville, New Jersey. The records also show additional correspondence from you on 12 June 1959 and a later file of this office to you on 2 July 1959 will be an indication that in a subsequent telephone conversation with you the negative of this photograph was requested for completion of the evaluation. This negative has never been received. Analysis and evaluation of the photograph submitted indicates that there appear to be real images on the picture; however, the negative of the picture is needed for further analysis.

It is customary to return photographs to the owner when requested or upon completion of an analysis or evaluation unless the owner indicates that the negative is in his possession and he can, therefore, have prints made at any time. I regret any delay occasioned by our failure to follow up on this matter and suggest that you submit as soon as possible the negative with an identifying letter of transmittal to ATIC for completion of the analysis.

You refer to several other cases where prints have not been returned to the owner. I am sure in the Department of Defense or ATIC could retain possession of the prints. If this is not the case, I would appreciate knowing of the specific instance involved and we will make every endeavor to return such prints if they are marked by the original owner.

Comeback 01-31
Reader 01-1


- page 11 -

Lbr. 18th Dist. CSI 16 USAF, Subj: Unidentified Flying Object, Photographed by Miss _____, Bostonia, Calif., on 19 Oct or 2 Nov 50

BPM (18 Jun 57)                 1st Ind

HEADQUARTERS 12th AIR DIVISION, March AFB, California - 28 June 1957

TO: Commander, Fifteenth Air Force, ATTN: Directorate of Intelligence, March AFB, California

1. Forwarded as a matter pertaining to your agency.

2. When the inclosure is withdrawn or not attached, the classification of CONFIDENTIAL on this correspondence will be canceled IAW Para 37b, AFR 205-1.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
JAMES H. MATTHEWS
Major, USAF
Asst. Adjutant

4 Incls:
n/c

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVAL; DECLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

R0710250


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

3/26/61

Reporting Official, Intelligence Center
Hq 6250th Air Base Group
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Gentlemen:

I guarantee your staff that I am writing this letter in a completely natural and logical frame of mind. I have made many positive attempts to lay aside prejudice, panic, hysteria, and my ego's image of purpose.

I have been conducting a personal investigation into UFO's from records available to me. I have not found a definite, positive, or absolute proof of UFO's existence. I do not intend to draw any final conclusions. Our opinion turned about a topic as controversial hard sensitive to many people should not be of major importance. The truth, invariably, continued, and will have its genesis and research.

I have just read five books, discussing not the US flying saucers, but a good general study. This is a very good approach, it helps to understand the whole picture of UFO's between years 1947 and 1960.


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

It is a very plausible piece of work only as far as collection, analysis, and relaxed conclusions as to the nature of these many UFO sightings, but gentlemen, you are being very narrow minded and for that to consider the whole source speaks as being all nearly wrapped up, back to thick and hard. This just puts it!

I will tell you how can a single approach to this and how many people will possibly give up the entire effort to help the lower to a problem solution has a helpful moment hard for thousands of people. This to me is unpardonable. I think that one has accomplished much in light as ridiculous, true, investigating has to continue, but I remark that to arrive at such a light to conclusion such as it looks like started in his book that none of the UFO sightings can possibly be written from space in such a way as to much of a time productive by such a helpful conventional means.

We'll hope, well, gentlemen, we'll want to know more about this plan is very primitive. Objectively given began. Slightly years of presumed to nothing, comparable to the great potential of natural sources. Unless we face up to the fact that we are a primitive society in comparison with our

[There is a circled number "2" at the bottom right of the page]


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

greater possible achievements, prejudices, self-consciousness, and a so called sense of superiority which will come to cloud life from its narrowest immediate sphere. They will partly rationalize and mutate their approach to the problem of the UFO. Here the evidence appears to in the face. Yet the sight has proved to be the "truth". Possibly it seems nothing a priori, we completely phony this a posteriori possibility that we have established very close themselves of space and the frequency of these self things only confirm the whole. There is no high first that side is a old time purpose and the presence of the UFO. I would like to be most carefully involved evidence based on the above quotation and narrow miscellany to this and to plain the capacity of UFO significance as simply misinterpreting actions of perception. Clearly human data to be more sample and unbiased about this to be rigorous. Witty might one accept this point while being a little uneasy of the higher experience. If one views this as a

Note: Some words and phrases are difficult to read with complete certainty due to the handwritten nature of the document. The text appears to be discussing UFOs, perception, and human understanding, but parts of it are somewhat fragmented or unclear.


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

reacly defined source wing be ten-
thousand years old. How it seemed
wrong to the people to speak conceivable
with short space of life history of our-
selves and space of the less aware
ing yet desire which comes all quite thin
to the right might we are thing in the
can ally by some not real we
will likely would you say you were
went. How, however, you would have
do you want? Surely no we so
going at top line at 1950 and of how
at nearly in effect of your close up for you
and talk on this point to see. This
is impossible to accept what 1102's
are waiting from space only on the
watch now that in your organization
we, feels and feels once as your
neighbor. Surely going cannot be
that I think. So he can have by
comprehend will be appreciated. 1102
this position my competent and after
I will observe and to continuously
affect the force of it of invite from
space in the height of work the
clay and the meaning of right time
up to the horizon.

At this point, I would take
to relate as evidence, back in 1957
which I sincerely believe the U.S.
Air Force should to suppress my own
insight and will have light to the
personal character of the person who
we know that the 1102 might things.


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

20th Significant this to bring out while in Bostia, California
1957, I had known style photo of
low a level landscape. In my picture
was family contained the life the
mega shadow, precise point, typical of pre-
senting free a point of time I had known
before. as quite. Perhaps one gentle
mine. Noise point I would describe
these fire could not have possible
more of how it to point of life time
I was a typical type like this state
of life at the point. You will hold
will tell the life of my family. I using the point
a view of the to type of the point of my life
it will be the long. If you know the
number of life, speak this way, the
point of life, point. This is perhaps
of point time. I will make. This of point
are complicated yet could any note
we supply. I feel here, might not want
a point of my own, but was
simple, significant, snapshot of a
space vehicle happening in this immedi-
ate vicinity of this point.

Camera used: Simple, fairly crude.
Catch lens wide, wide picture was
taken.

Night time (significant say
time on sight) such more of type
might time... but not big of think
yet than of some car. About a 45°


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

angle from pointing the copier. Here turns
up on a copy of an experience
that was for the time. Experimentally
which is my method time appears able to
(part text of page illegible)

Close in center of photographic
a little at the right - was a very
definite and a profile at first view.
It appeared to be hovering possibly
about 1000 feet (altitude) height a bout
ground yet the triangle. There seemed
from horizon a date to some quite
distinct. now perhaps can date if site
under view of this apparent flight
was to date and place of close detail
a dense mass of dark to give me to say
how dense. Immediately he helped draw
a clean black sketch to see if
clear that on patch through long
upper left hand corner of note to
help add by patch of white might be
site not now clearly to expense. Seems
slight hazy center of photo's object
ting its of a appear then. Seems fairly
fast. of photographic people to say
type of unusual - not by some distance the
photographic was only effect and the
due slightly visible.

Just here I note these and
a gain - what some photographic way
of seeing. I know flying that often
of a - built since I know the

(6)


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: The text is handwritten and some words are difficult to discern precisely, so this is my best interpretation]

[The text appears to be a continuation of a previous document, with some words partially cut off at the left margin]

...personally and state I if they
told I have due here the things were
to the city concerning the page as family
in the light of May 6th, inspecting this
not in idle state. Upon here are
still some doubt possibly in the
case, today. The important point
here is the point in this I would
like to point out is that the effect
was of the few was of a way this and
with of the time was nothing effect
might well be it still quite nearly
necessary. The city of the inside
would. The time of the close quite
is doing quite the same is quite
to any that I tell this time could
a through investigation of these
have, immediately properly and sur-
rounding the things and not one
piece of evidence could be found of any
effect in which had the slightest not
satisfies at the place. There are just
only possible to influence from
near by of this.

The more also told to have been
quite from of the investigation, the
time there could not be come up with
an explanation of the promise of
the less if(?) from what at least
possibly could be brought to light
we might that would be of value
on the evidence of the question of
a vehicle of some such was again.

(3)


- page 19 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

the months go by they fall in for
to those oft told - scenes of you
furtive, and pride and artgance.

At that time if my statistic
characteristic we'll examine in the
my pick of so yet old selected mins.
I try write a having their skill's
ability, but perhaps they appeared
discourged for the time then many
syllable have gone unrecognized. So
is seen of quite-mingling ways O.

Endeavoring the Air here would
not follow de to my ways to effect
a feel half on the spirit of perhaps.
Like - those scenes of differ

Now you see this gentlemen
Bostonia with its reports you will
and that we were very far from and
due to the we sure of light was
an other, the Air here was found to
suppress only quite the time of the winding
due to the possible repercussions
which way the by thrown back on
the City here about perhaps investigated.

So me this photo, we admit,
were time had our face and asked me
and among people to the possibility
of we the form space. This is of
space of evidence. We have I have
long since to do, to that no matter
how much within to is so little
of land here are put - for it well
will send up at pointing the fact that
some in space we be to were placed that

(circle)


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

nights. It might purpose and
begin? Clarify these will enclose a
the average.

Gentlemen, Large fires the
early, we fairly said make the
middle of this letter and if you
can turn back missile. It is imper-
ative. You can do not see, open
and one of them are just as we
would acknowledge off the this
possible - that your office the that
you will be able to arrange. We
feel true this can only be easily
full, and give. We consider
ably would be greatly appreciate.

Sincerely yours,
Am alert H. citizen

Return address:
Escondido, Calif.


- page 21 -

Text found in the document:

Escondido, Calif.

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
U.S. Air Force
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio, U.S.A.

There is also a postmark/stamp in the upper right corner of the document, though its text is not fully legible from this image.


- page 22 -

UNCLASSIFIED

18th Dist. OSI IG USAF, 18 Jun 57, Subj: Report of Unidentified
Flying Object Photographed by Miss [redacted] in Bostonia,
California, on 19 Oct or 2 Nov 56

DI

Hq Fifteenth Air Force, March Air Force Base, California   08 JUL 57

TO: Commander-in-Chief, Strategic Air Command, Offutt Air Force Base,
Nebraska

1. Forwarded as a matter pertaining to your headquarters.

2. When the enclosure is withdrawn or not attached, the classification of CONFIDENTIAL on this correspondence will be cancelled
IAW AFR 205-1.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
M. Z. THORNTON
1st Lt
Executive Officer
Directorate of Intelligence

4 Incls
n/c

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 23 -

COPY                                                                9/26/61

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
U. S. Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Gentlemen:

I assure your staff that I am writing this letter in a completely rational and logical frame of mind. I have made every possible attempt to lay aside prejudice, panic, hysteria, and over-zeolousness of purpose.

I have been conducting a personal investigation of UFO phenomena for two years. As yet I have not formed a definite and positive opinion as to the nature, purpose, or absolute possibility of UFO sightings. I do not intend to form such an opinion for quite some time, if ever. An opinion formed about a topic so controversial and sensitive to many people should not be formed with any amount of haste. The "truth" warrants continued and exhaustive analysis and research.

I have just read the book, Flying Saucers and the U. S. Air Force by Lt. Colonel Lawrence J. Tacker. This is a very good attempt to explain and simply the "Flying Saucer Period" between June, 1947 and 1960.

It is a very plausible piece of work only as far as collection, analysis, and released conclusions as to the nature of those many UFO sightings, but gentlemen, you are being very narrow minded and foolish to consider the whole "saucer episode" as being all neatly wrapped up; lock, stock and barrel. This just isn't so!

Well me, how can a single organization such as yours possibly wrap up in ten and one-half years the answer to a problem that has baffled mankind for thousands of years. This to me is inconceivable. To think that one has accomplished such a task is ridiculous. True, investigation has to continue, but I sincerely believe that to arrive at such a definite conclusion such as Lt. Colonel Tacker has stated in his book that none of the UFO sightings can possibly be visitors from space is based largely on misconceptions produced by long established conventionalism.

Let's face it, gentlemen, our present race of man inhabiting this planet is very primitive. Our science is literally just began. Fifty years of refinement is nothing compared to the great potential of a material science. Unless we face up to the fact that we are a primitive society in comparison with our greatest possible achievements; prejudice, self-centeredness, and a so-called sense of self-pride will continue to cloud the most sincere insecure investigations of flying saucer phenomena. This is clearly a nonsensical and mistaken approach to the problem of the UFO.

Let's face the evidence squarely in the face. Not the slightest possible attempt should ever be made to cloud the "truth." Doesn't it seem rational, logical, and completely obvious that a definite pattern


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

has been established over these thousands of years and the frequency of these sightings by very competent observers gives very solid support that there is a definite purpose in the 'UFO's? I would like a very carefully considered and unbiased answer to the above question.

It is utter ignorance, prejudice, and narrow-mindedness to try and explain the majority of UFO sightings as simply misinterpretations of familiar objects caused by unusual viewing conditions. Gentlemen, let's be more sensible and unbiased about this whole situation.

Why can't you accept the possibility that our planet is being constantly surveyed by an intelligence far superior to ours? Our modern day science is fifty years old, another race's refined science may be ten thousand years old. This to me and many other people is quite conceivable. Why don't you stop kidding yourselves and face up to the ever increasing evidence which comes to your desk. To be ignorant is one thing, but to construe "obvious evidence" is another.

"Material" evidence you say you want. Gentlemen, how much evidence do you want? Surely no one is going to capture a UFO and deliver it nicely to your doorstep for you and the whole world to see. This is impossible. To accept that UFO's are visitors from space only on the conditions that your organization see, feel, and smell the pure nonsense. Surely man cannot be that "blind." To be continually confronted with repeated UFO observations by competent and often skilled observers and to continually reject the possibility of visitors from space is the height of irony. One day you will surely regret this repeated behavior.

At this point, I would like to relate an incidence back in 1957 which I sincerely believe the U. S. Air Force tried to suppress knowingly and without regard to the personal character of the persons who submitted the UFO sighting.

The family which I am referring to lived in Bostonia, California. In 1957 I had known the family for some years. In my opinion, this family contained the highest moralistic, sincere, and honest characteristics of any family I had known before or since. Believe me, gentlemen, this point I would like to stress. You couldn't have found a more honest family if you tried.

I was attending San Diego State College at the time. One weekend I visited the family. During the visit a series of photographs were brought to my attention. Yes, I know, the minute you hear the word photograph take, fraud, trick photography, flash into your minds. Well, you can immediately cancel any notions as such. The basic snapshot was not a fake of any sort, but was a simple, innocent snapshot of a "space vehicle" hovering in the immediate vicinity of their home.

Description of Photograph
Camera used: Simple, box-type camera.
Conditions under which picture was taken:
Night time(don't recall exact time or date) Full moon, Foggy condition, but not too thick.


- page 25 -

Position of camera: About a 15° angle from horizontal pointed toward moon. Lens set on exposure.

Reason for picture: Experimenting with a night time exposure shot.

Contents of Photo

Almost in center of photograph, a little to the right was a very definite and sharply defined disc. It appeared to be hovering practically above tree tops (actual height above ground not determined). Disc viewed from bottom. A dark dome was located in bottom center of disc. Outer rim of disc appeared to be of a metallic nature. Small, thin radial lines seen to extend from outer circumference of dome to outermost edge of disc. Immediately behind disc and trailing off into distance was a thin black streak as if disc had cut path through fog. Upper left-hand corner of photo occupied by path of moon caused by its motion during exposure. Lower right hand corner of photo occupied by top of a pepper tree. Lower bottom part of photograph occupied by roof tops of several nearby buildings. The photograph was very clear and the disc clearly visible!

Gentlemen, may I stress once again that this photograph was genuine. I know beyond the shadow of a doubt since I know the family personally and that fakery and fraudulent intentions were totally inconceivable from a family of such high character. Impossible? not in the least. You know, there are still some honest people left in this world today. An important point about the photo which I would like to point out is that the thickness of the fog was of a very thin and misty nature making any object immersed in it still quite easily recognized. The light of the moon making the vicinity of the disc quite illuminated.

Furthermore, the family related to me that the Air Force conducted a thorough investigation of their house, immediate property, and surrounding buildings and not one piece of evidence could be found of any object which had the slightest resemblance to the disc. This ruled out any possibility of reflections from nearby objects.

I was also told that upon completion of the investigation, the Air Force could not come up with an explanation for the presence of the disc (UFO). Immediately they called the photograph false! Confronted with almost unbeatable evidence of the existence of a vehicle of some sort, once again, the investigators fall victim to those age old enemies of prejudice, self-pride and arrogance.

What a pity that such characteristics still remain in the minds of so-called educated men. They aren't showing their skilled ability, but rather their apparent disregard for the "truth." How many "truths" have gone undiscovered due to such narrow mindedness?

Furthermore the Air Force would not allow Life magazine to print a full story on the photograph. For obvious reasons, of course.

My contention is this, gentlemen. Because the photograph was so real and had no evidence of fakery and due to the nature of the subject


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

-4-

matter, the Air Force was forced to suppress any publication of the evidence, due to the possible repercussions which would be thrown back on the Air Force about previous investigations.

To me, this photo, in all its unretouched surface awakened me and many people to the possibility of visitors from space. This is one piece of evidence, the best I have ever seen to date, that no matter how much ridicule or so-called explanations are put forth will ever weaken or destroy the fact that some "space vehicle" was present that night. Its origin, purpose and design? Only time will unravel the answers.

Gentlemen, I urge you to study, evaluate, and consider the contents of this letter with open and unbiased minds. It is imperative that you do so; for then and only then can your staff prove to me and thousands of other people that your efforts are truly for the sole purpose of showing forth "truth" in all its wonderful consequences. An immediate reply would be greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,
An alert U. S. citizen.

Return Address:
Escondido, Calif.


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

TD-2/Major Friend/vw/69216
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena

Hq USAF (SAFOI-3c - Major Coleman)

1. Reference the attached letter to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center from 431 North Juniper Street, Escondido, California, dated 26 Sep 51, discussing the USAF Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Program.

2. It is the PTD opinion that individuals who don't have the courtesy to write their names do not deserve a reply. However, if you plan to answer this letter it is suggested that the following points be considered for inclusion in your letter:

a. The writer indicates that he or she has not made up his or her mind concerning UFO's, but the entire tone of the letter is that of a believer.

b. The writer accuses the USAF of feeling that the UFO problem is completely solved and expresses wonder that the Air Force feels it is competent to do the job. The Air Force feels certain of two important points: (1) that UFO's do not constitute a threat to national security and (2) that all of the UFO's which have been reported to the Air Force to date can be explained as due to what can be termed natural causes. Further the writer should be made aware of the fact that the Air Force does not work on the problem alone but solicits the aid of other Government agencies, industry, educational institutions, or private scientists as the needs of any specific sighting dictate.

c. It should be pointed out that the Air Force is completely open minded and considers each case with the same care and attention and without preconceived notions of its outcome.

d. The writer indicates that a so-called pattern has been established by UFO's, and this is evidence that they are probably interplanetary space vehicles here for a specific purpose. This same approach is used to attack the Air Force position that to date no evidence is available which would indicate that UFO's are interplanetary vehicles, and that they are probably due, for the most part, to the misinterpretation of natural objects. It should be pointed out to the writer that one of the most consistent factors in nature is the adherence to pattern.

COORDINATION: TD-E
[Signature of Major Robert J. Friend]
Major Robert J. Friend    DATE: 17 Oct 51


- page 28 -

3. The case which is referenced in the attached letter is probably that which reportedly occurred in Bostonia, California, 19 Oct 56. Miss _______ daughter of ____________, while attempting to take a time exposure of the moon, allegedly inadvertently obtained a photograph of a UFO (attachment). The photograph was determined by PND to be a double exposure, the two images being a timed exposure of the moon and an exposure of a light fixture. Further evidence to support this conclusion is that if this was a fast-moving object as reported, it would show as a blurred streak on a time-exposed film. Further evidence that this photo was faked is the fact that there are two traces of the moon, indicating that the exposure of the light fixture occurred between two exposures of the moon.

4. The USAF did not directly accuse Miss _______ of attempting to perpetuate a hoax, but she was notified by letter that the Air Force was aware that the picture was a double exposure and that there were other indications that the film had been tampered with.

EDWARD H. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

2 Atchs
1 Ltr Fr Escondido, Calif, dtd
26 Sep 61
2 Two photos of a UFO.


- page 29 -

3. The case which is referenced in the attached letter is probably that which reportedly occurred in Bostonia, California, 19 Oct 56. Miss [redacted] daughter of [redacted] while attempting to take a film exposure of the moon, allegedly inadvertently obtained a photograph of a UFO (attachment). The photograph was determined by FTD to be a double exposure, the two images being a timed exposure of the moon and an exposure of a light fixture. Further evidence supports this conclusion is that if this was a fast-moving object as reported, it would show as a blurred streak on a timed-exposed film. Further evidence that this photo was taken is the traces on the moon, indicating that the exposure of the light fixture occurred between two exposures of the moon.

4. The USAF did not directly accuse Miss [redacted] of attempting to perpetuate a hoax, but she was notified by letter that the Air Force was aware that the picture was a double exposure and that there were other indications that the film had been tampered with.

EDWARD L. WINE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

2 Atchs
1 Ltr fm Escondido, Calif, dtd
26 Sep 61.
2 Two photos of a UFO.

2


- page 30 -

This case includes fourteen (14)
8"x10" photographs and light (3)
8"x10" negatives.


- page 31 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-E/Major Friend
SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Phenomena

TO: HQ USAF (SAFOI-3c - Major Coleman)

1. Reference the attached letter to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center from Escondido, California, dated 26 Sep 61, discussing the USAF Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Program.

2. It is the FTD opinion that individuals who don't have the courtesy to give their names do not deserve a reply. However, if you plan to answer this letter it is suggested that the following points be considered for inclusion in your letter:

a. The writer indicates that he or she has not made up his or her mind concerning UFO's, but the entire tone of the letter is that of a believer.

b. The writer accuses the USAF of feeling that the UFO problem is completely solved and expresses wonder that the Air Force feels it is competent to do the job. The Air Force feels certain of two important points, (1) that UFO's do not constitute a threat to national security and (2) that all of the UFO's which have been reported to the Air Force to date can be explained as due to what can be termed natural causes.

Further the writer should be made aware of the fact that the Air Force does not work on the problem alone but solicits the aid of other Government agencies, industry, educational institutions, or private scientists as the needs of any specific sighting dictate.

c. It should be pointed out to the writer that the Air Force is completely open minded and considers each case with the same care and attention and without preconceived notions of its outcome.

d. The writer indicates that a so-called pattern has been established by UFO's, and this is evidence that they are probably interplanetary space vehicles. For a specific purpose. This same approach is used to attack the Air Force position that to date no evidence is available which would indicate that UFO's are interplanetary vehicles, and that they are probably due, for the most part, to the misinterpretation of natural objects. It should be pointed out to the writer that one of the most consistent factors in nature is the adherence to pattern.

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page are illegible]


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

FBI PHOTOS

FILE CLASS
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

(U) Review of UFO Photos Obtained by FBI

AFCIN-124                                                                8 July 57
Maj/Capt G.I. Gregory/wm
69216

Attached herewith are subject photos and a report regarding the incident.

Request your comment concerning the preliminary analysis made by this which indicates the following:

a. Source's statement that the camera was not moved does not appear stationary. This-campoura of the moon would have been shown as one minus line. Two directions of the moon are indicated on the photograph.

b. Both enlargements show a slender-like item, above and extending outwards from the middle of the object.

c. The object resembles the glass fixtures usually found hanging from lighting arrangements.

d. In our opinion, the shutter was tripped sometime before removal of the film, in some room having the glass fixture. A dark-colored ceiling with a fronted-glass fixture, would result in the fixture, being superimposed, the original exposure.

[Signature]
AFCIN-124

Incl                                                                        Rpt w/incls

CONFIDENTIAL

Markings at bottom right:
PERM
TEMP
90 DAYS
INITIAL
757-17465


- page 33 -

UNCLASSIFIED

18th Dist. OSI HQ USAF, 18 Jun 56, Subj: Report of Unidentified
Flying Object Photographed by Hisa
California, on 19 Oct or 2 Nov 56

DING                                                      3rd Ind                                      20 JUL 1957

Headquarters Strategic Air Command, Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska

TO: Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Headquarters USAF,
Washington 25, D.C.

1. Although not in accordance with paragraph 7, AFR 200-2, this
correspondence is being forwarded as a matter of expediency.

2. This headquarters is directing resubmission by the originator
in accordance with the provisions of the above cited regulation.

3. This indorsement does not contain classified information.

FOR THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF:

[Signature]
Kenneth G. Hecht
Lt Col, USAF
Act. Chief, Collection Div
Directorate of Intelligence

4 Incls
n/c

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

SAC ADNS Control No.C-723                      UNCLASSIFIED


- page 34 -

16th Dist. OSI IC USAF, 18 Jun 57, Subjt: Report of Unidentified
Flying Object Photographed by: Master
Street, Bontonia, California, on 19 Oct or 2 Nov 56

DI                                                                   2nd Ind

Hq Fifteenth Air Force, March Air Force Base, California             08 JUL '57

TO:   Commander-in-Chief, Strategic Air Command, Offutt Air Force Base,
Nebraska

1.    Forwarded as a matter pertaining to your headquarters.

2.    When the inclosure is withdrawn or not attached, the classification of CONFIDENTIAL on this correspondence will be cancelled
IAW Par 37m, AFR 205-1.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

4 Incls
n/c                                                                  M. E. THORNTON
                                                                     1st Lt. USAF
                                                                     Executive Officer
                                                                     Directorate of Intelligence


- page 35 -

13th Dist, OSI TO USAF, 18 Jun 56, Subj: Report of Unidentified Flying Object Photographed by Miss. Street, Bontonia, California, on 19 Oct or 2 Nov 56

DING                                                                   3rd Ind                                                  2 0 JUL 1957

Headquarters Strategic Air Command, Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska

TO: Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Headquarters USAF, Washington 25, D. C.

1. Although not in accordance with paragraph 7, AFR 200-2, this correspondence is being forwarded as a matter of expediency.

2. This headquarters is directing resubmission by the originator in accordance with the provisions of the above cited regulation.

3. This endorsement does not contain classified information.

FOR THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF:

1 Incl                                                                                                                                                KENNETH G. HEBERT
n/c                                                                                                                                                Lt Col, USAF
                                                                                                                                                Act Chief, Collection Div
                                                                                                                                                Directorate of Intelligence


- page 36 -

SPOT INTELLIGENCE BRIEF

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object photographed by Miss [REDACTED] in Bostonia, California, on 19 October or 2 November 1956.

SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

1. SYNOPSIS: On 19 October or 2 November 1956, [REDACTED] made a time exposure of the moon at about 2100 hours from the yard in front of her father's church using the first of a new roll of film. This requirement was part of a class project for her photography course in school. Subsequently, the roll of film was completely used up. When the photography lab in her school began available to her, the developed film was made and one print at which time an unidentified object was observed on one of the prints. This object has the general appearance of a chandelier or 14 inch fixture. It can provide no explanation of how it comes to be in the photograph.

2. DETAILS: On 7 June 1957 at approximately 1545 hours, an agent of The Federal Bureau of Investigation, San Diego Division, delivered four photographs to this Detachment stating that they had been obtained by him during the course of an interview with [REDACTED] on 14th Street, Bostonia, California. The FBI has no further interest in the matter at this time.

3. On 10 June, Miss [REDACTED] a seventeen year old junior at El Cajon Valley High School, was interviewed by Special Agent [REDACTED]. She stated that as a part of her photography course she was required to make a time exposure of the moon and stars during the hours of darkness in order to observe their characteristics.

CONFIDENTIAL

T-57-17465


- page 37 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

1. D. 24.     14th Dist. 62 (U) CARS, memo:  Report of Unidentified
Flying Object Photographed by Miss [redacted] on 2 November 1956
[redacted], California, California.

appearance on film. [redacted] chose a night when the moon was full
and to the best of her recollection the photograph was taken either
19 Oct or on 2 November 1956, sometime between 2100 hours and
2130 hrs. The camera was placed on the ground in the yard in
front of her [redacted] Street, Bostonia, California. The
church located at [redacted] Street was propped up a block so that the lens pointed directly
at the moon at an angle of approximately 60 degrees from the horizontal. The shutter was placed in the camera approximately 15 to 20 minutes. [redacted] stated the
camera was in exactly the same position when she found it as when
she left it. This was the first occasion on the roll of film and
the balance of the film was used during the following week, at which
time the roll was removed from the camera. [redacted] stated that
she did not develop and print the roll of film until June 1957
because she was awaiting her turn to use the facilities available to
her at school.

4. Description of the camera follows:

Nomenclature: AGFA, Model 2-2 (box camera)
Size of Camera: 1" wide, 6" high, 8" long
Lens: Fixed (non adjustable)
Shutter Speed: Timed (non adjustable)
Shutter Opening: Fixed (non adjustable)

5. [redacted] advised that she maintained no written record of
the processing of this film, but that she had developed and printed
the film herself and from memory provided the following data:

Type of Film: Kodak, Paratone X
Temperature of Chemicals used: 75°
Type of Developer: Tropical
Developing Time: 15 minutes
Acid Fix Time: 15 minutes
Rinse time (approx): 24 hours
Drying: Usual 24 hours

[redacted] stated that when she developed this photograph she assumed
that the object appearing in the negative was a boat or water mark.
She made a contact print on 72 paper, at which time a mile fellow
student observed the print and remarked, "It was a picture of a
flying saucer". [redacted] advised that she did not believe it at
first, but further examination by the class and by the instructor
convinced her that an object of some kind other than a water mark

2

1-57-17465


- page 38 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

CONFIDENTIAL

LG 21-       LG 13th Dist 657 (72)       Report of Unidentified
Flying Object photographed by [REDACTED]
(west), Bostonia, California, on 19 October 1956 or 2 November 1956

was concerned. Enlargements were made by [REDACTED] upon the advice
of her instructor and her father, [REDACTED] notified the FBI, San
Diego Division.

6. The negative in question was obtained from [REDACTED] and is
attached. The contact print described above and three enlargements
of the unidentified flying object are attached.

7. Upon conclusion of the interview and in the presence of her
mother, [REDACTED] executed a signed, sworn statement, recapitulating
her story. She is a photography class at a [REDACTED] High
School. The instructor [REDACTED] assigned a project
involving a time exposure of the moon and stars, to allow students
to observe the pattern they make on film. [REDACTED] exposed a film
for about 10 or 20 minutes on the night of the full moon, either
1) October or 2 November 1956. Camera was placed on a stand in yard
of her father's church, 1260 Clarendon Street, Bostonia, in such
a manner as to include a paper tree. (These pictures were taken
of the moon, camera, etc., that was also part of the project.)

The original of the statement is retained in the files of Headquarters,
DO 720.

8. On 10 June 1957, S/A [REDACTED] examined the front yard of the
church and no place, lighting fixtures, or any other object was
observed other than the church building itself, and the trees that
are visible in the lower left hand corner of the photographs. These
trees are approximately 40 feet in height and approximately 20 feet
southeast of the spot on which the camera was placed.

9. On 10 June 1957, [REDACTED] art and photography
instructor at [REDACTED] High School, interviewed in his office
by S/A [REDACTED] advised that he is familiar with the photographs
submitted and that even though he is quite skeptical about flying saucers,
his examination of these negatives failed, in his opinion, to
reveal any indication of double exposure or alteration.

Further stated that he is not an expert in the field of photography
and although the object in question seems to lack serious detail,
nature, and above approach as to character and integrity.

Further stated that he is not an expert in the field of photography
and although the object in question reveals an electric light
fixture, he could offer no explanation as to how the object may
have appeared in the film. Of the opinion, nor how it could have been
placed there unknown to him. He attributes the lapse in time
between photographing the object and developing and printing, to
the fact that it was necessary for him to send the film to
use the facilities of the school photo lab.

2
CONFIDENTIAL     T567 17465


- page 39 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

CONFIDENTIAL

Hq 10th Dist OST (IO) WADC, Tech Report of Unidentified
Flying Object Photographs by 1st Lt [redacted] for 2 November 1956
through Bostonia, California, on 19 October 1956

10. [Redacted] has stated that [redacted] claims to retain possession
of the negative on which the unidentified flying object appears and
requests that it be returned to him at the earliest practicable
date.

11. On 19 June 1957, the Reverend [redacted] interviewed at his
church by [redacted], advised that his daughter had an object that
looked like a flying saucer. The Reverend [redacted] stated in his
church that the film was developed and an object was seen even though the
film tells like an inverted chandelier. The Reverend [redacted] next
stated that he conversed with his neighbor that was a possible witness
or in search of a chandelier or any other object. The
neighbor in a negative in question. No such object was observed. The
Reverend [redacted] advised that no one with knowledge has observed
this matter and has located no one or anyone he knows has observed
same. He stated that neither he nor any unidentified flying object previously
a flying saucer or any other object.

12. ACTION: No similar reports relative to this matter were
received and no action was taken at this district office.

13. This correspondence is classified [signature] in accordance
with paragraph 30c(2)(a), AFR 205-1.

PAUL W. GENS
Colonel, USAF
District Commander

Incls
1. Negative
2. Contact print
3. Enlargements
4. Statements, etc.

Copies furnished:
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Attn: ATIC-26-2

CONFIDENTIAL


- page 40 -

Here is the text from the document:

[CONFIDENTIAL header is crossed out]

FILE CLASS
OFFICIAL FILE
OFFICE OF REC

9 AUG 1957

SUBJECT: UFO Photographs Submitted by FBI on Mis. Bostonia, California

TO: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters USAF
Washington 25, D. C.

1. Attached is a draft of a proposed letter to be forwarded by your office to subject person, reflecting the results of an analysis made by this Center on photographs originally submitted by your organization by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Reference letter from 18th OSI District, Cheli AFB, California, dated 18 June 1957, a copy which was forwarded to this Center with enlargements of the original prints.

2. This subject photography is highly suggestive of a hoax, however, this about not is simply that the attempted hoax was necessarily perpetrated by subject person.

3. Experience has shown that incidents of this type are often publicized, with allegations and statements detrimental to the Air Force, when explanations are not given to sources submitting photography. It is, therefore, the general policy of this Center, where possible, to provide a brief summary of our analysis to such individuals.

FOR THE COMMANDER

T. J. CONNAIR, JR.
MAJOR, USAF
Adjutant

Incls:
1. Proposed Ltr to Mis.
2. Cy, 18th Dist. OSI ltr to Hqs
3. Spot Intel Rpt & Statement
4. 3(x10) glass prints w/markings

When enclosure number (1) 2 is/are
withdrawn or reclassified, the classification on this
correspondence will be changed to Cancelled
in accordance with P.R.G. AFR. 205-1

[CONFIDENTIAL footer is crossed out]


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

Bostonia, California

Dear Mis[redacted]

We are in receipt of a series of photographs to the Air Force by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, showing what is purported to be an unidentified flying object. A detailed analysis, which included both microscopic examinations and large-size projections, indicates the following:

a. The camera was moved sometime between the period the shutter was opened and closed. This is borne out by a study of the moon track, which would normally be a straight, unbroken-line image. The track in the photographs is broken both in direction and time.

b. The "missing period" can be determined by taking the moon's approximate diameter of 1/2 degree, and its known time-movement across the sky. A plot indicates that there was a lapse of time between exposures of 2 to 3 minutes. This would be sufficient time for the removal of the camera from its fixed position, after which a second superimposed image made, and the camera returned to its original position. As indicated by the broken track of the moon, the attempt to set the camera in its exact previous position was difficult to do.

c. Your attention is invited to the line slightly above the object. This appears to be part of a room ceiling, and is particularly suggestive of this assumption if a line is extended outward to form a corner. The object, in our opinion, is a conventional light fixture.


- page 42 -

d. A further examination of the photography indicates that a method of developing called "dodging" was used in one photograph, and a "burning in" process around the lighted area was used in another.

We have no grounds on which to suspect a deliberate fraud towards a government agency; however, there appears to have been some tampering by persons unknown with respect to the material submitted.

Your interest in reporting this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,

1 Incl
3 (8x10) Prints w/markings


- page 43 -

STATEMENT OF WITNESS

[Date] June 10, 1962

I, [redacted], hereby state that, [redacted] himself to me as a Special Agent of the Office of Special Investigations, United States Air Force, and that I do hereby voluntarily and of my own free will make the following statement without having been subjected to any coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful inducement, and without any promise of reward, benefit, or any immunity having been made to me:

I am in a Photography class at [redacted] Valley [redacted] High School, and our instructor gave us a project stating that we were to take a time exposure of the moon and stars so we could know the pattern that they make on film. On a Friday evening, either on Oct 19 or Nov 2, I was not quite sure, during a full moon, I took my [word] camera out to take the time exposure, I propped up the camera with a rock and set the camera saying the moon. Now in order to make the picture more interesting, I decided to take in part of the pepper tree that was also on the lot. After the camera was nearly I pulled out the time exposure [illegible word].

Page 1 of 3


- page 44 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DISTRICT COMMANDER
138th District (CG) USAF
Maywood Air Force Depot
Cahill Air Force Station
Maywood, California

138 240                                                                18 JUN 1957

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object Photographed by
Miss [REDACTED], Bostonia, California, on 19 October or 2 November 1956.

SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO:   Director of Special Investigations
        Headquarters USAF
        Washington 25, D. C.

1. Attached hereto as Enclosure 1 is a Spot Intelligence Report prepared by the San Diego Detachment concerning the above Subject.

2. Attached as Enclosure 2 to this letter is an enlargement of one of the photographs furnished by HQMC. Your attention is invited to the lighted object in the upper right hand corner of the panorama. According to the photo technical assigned to this office, the method of developing by [REDACTED] is described as "dodging". Whereas in Enclosure 2 the lighted appearance was achieved by "burning in". The overall exposure time on Enclosure 2 was about two seconds with an additional 40 seconds of "turning in" around the lighted area. No further action is contemplated by this office and it is requested that the negative be returned to [REDACTED] in Bostonia when it has served its purpose for further transmittal to Miss [REDACTED].

3. This letter is classified CONFIDENTIAL, pursuant to authority contained in paragraph 30c, AFR 205-1.

[Signature]
Lt Colonel, USAF
For and in the absence of
PAUL H. CREWS
Colonel, USAF
District Commander

2 Incls
1. Spot Intel Rpt (dups)
2. Enlargt of Photo

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED PER AFR 205-1

cc: Comdr, March AFB, California

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 45 -

STATEMENT OF                                                 DATE 10 Jan 57

and went into the church, that was
now, to wait for the exposure.
It didn't make to much difference
as to how long the exposure should
lie, so I didn't track up the
time. I knew that it was there
no shorter than ten mins and no
longer than 20 mins within this
time, I went out again & clicked
the camera and turned the picture
for the next exposure.

Page 2 of 3 Pages

(Signature)


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

STATEMENT OF [redacted]                                 DATE 10 Jan 57

I then took several pictures of the moon, and also wiped up candles etc. that was also part of the project.

S.R.H.

I further state that I have read this entire statement, initialed all of the pages an corrections and signed this statement, and that it is correct and true, as written.

[Signature sections are redacted]

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12 day of Jan 1957 at a person authorized by law to administer oath:

[Signature]
Charles C. Bates
Signature of person administering oath

Andrew C. Griffin
Name of person administering oath

3/90 C.S.T.
Type of person administering oath

Official character, grade, etc.

Page 3 of 3 Pages


- page 47 -

STATEMENT OF WITNESS

(Place)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ful

June 10, 1962
(Date)

I hereby state that I _____________ have identified myself to me as a
Special Agent of the Office of Special Investigations, United States
Air Force, and that I do hereby voluntarily and of my own free will
make the following statement without having been subjected to any
coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful inducement, and without any
promise of reward, benefit, or any immunity having been made to me:

I am in a Photography class at Calagon Valley High School. My
instructor gave us a project to taking our moon and stars as we would know
the pattern that they make on film. On a Friday evening, either on Oct
19 or Nov 2, I'm not quite sure) during a full moon, I took my lens camera
out to take the time exposure. I propped up the camera with a rock, and
set the camera facing the moon. In order to make the picture more interesting,
I decided to take in part of the people that also on the lot. After the camera was ready,
I pulled out the time exposure.

Page 1 of 3 pages


- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

STATEMENT OF

and went into the church, that was
near, to wait for the service.
It didn't make to much difference
so I didn't track of the
time, I know that it was there
more slower than ten mins and no
longer than 20 mins within this
time, I went out again & sticked
the camera and turned the picture
for the next exposure.

DATE 10 Jan 17

S.R.H.

S.R.H.

Page 2 of 3 Pages

(signature)

16 21 348


- page 49 -

Here is the text from the document:

STATEMENT                                                      DATE 10 Jan 57

I then took several other pictures up the moon, and other exposure of candles etc. that was also part of the project.

S.R.H.

I further state that I have read this entire statement, initialed all of the pages and corrections and signed this statement, and that it is correct and true, as written.

(Signature)
(Address)

Witnesses:
(Address) El Cajon
(Address)

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19 day of Jan 19 57
at 1234 Central St., the person authorized by law to administer oath:
Andrew C. Griffith
Signature of person administering oath
Type of person administering oath
S/12, OSI
Official character, grade, etc.

Pag. 3 of 3 Pages


- page 50 -

STATEMENT OF WITNESS

(Place) [Blacked out]

(Date) June 10, 1962

I, [Name blacked out], hereby state that I, [description blacked out] Special Agent of the Office of Special Investigations, United States Air Force, and that I do hereby voluntarily and of my own free will make the following statement without having been subjected to any coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful inducement, and without any promise of reward, benefit, or any immunity having been made to me:

I am in a Photography class at [location blacked out] Valley [additional text blacked out] High School. My instructor gave us a project, asking that we were to take a time exposure of the moon and stars as we would know the pattern that they make on film.

On a Friday evening, either on Oct. 19 or Nov. 20, [additional text partially illegible] with a full moon, I took my box camera out to take the time exposure. I propped up the camera with a rock and set the camera pointing the moon.

In order to make the picture more interesting, I decided to take in part of the people that were also on the lot. After the camera was ready, I pulled out the time exposure [remainder of text partially illegible]

[Page] 1 of 3 pages

[Signature blacked out]


- page 51 -

Here is the text from the document:

STATEMENT

and went into the church, that was
near, to wait for the exposure.
It didnt make to much difference
as to how long the exposure should
be, so I dont track up the
time. I knew that it was there
no shorter than ten min. and no
longer than 20 min. Within this
time, I went out against sticks
the camera and turned the picture
for the next exposure.

Date: 10 Jan 57

Page 2 of 3 Pages

S.R.M.

S.R.M.

(Signature portion is blacked out)


- page 52 -

Here is the text from the document:

STATEMENT                                                 DATE 10 JUN 57

O then took several other pictures of the moon, and other exposure of candles etc. that was also part of the project.

S.R.H.

I further state that I have read this entire statement, initialed all of the pages and corrections and signed this statement, and that it is correct and true, as written.

(Signature)
(Address)

Witnesses:
(Address)                                                 Subscribed and sworn to before me
                                                           This 10 day of JUN         1957
                                                           at                           by
                                                           person authorized by law to administer
                                                           oath:
(Address)                                                 Signature of person administering oath
                                                           ANDREW C. GRIFFIN
(Lucress)                                                 Type name of person administering oath
                                                           319 O.S.I.
                                                           Official character, grade, etc.

PAG 3 of 3 PAGES


- page 53 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a small white object (possibly a UFO or unidentified flying object) against a dark, grainy background with a large white/bright area in the lower portion of the image.


- page 54 -

Text found in the image:

"Calling or
should not?"

"Conner 6 5"

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or document with a blurry, grainy texture. There are arrows and markings on the image, and the text is handwritten.


- page 55 -

UNCLASSIFIED
Department of the Air Force
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Washington

The Inspector General USAF
4708 District Office of Special Investigations
Chelf AF Station, Box 310, Maywood, Calif.

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object photographed
by [redacted]
Bostonia, California, on 19 October or 2 November
1956

SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO: Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

1. SYNOPSIS: On 19 October or 2 November 1956, [redacted] made a time exposure of the moon at about 2100 hours from the yard in front of her father's church using the first of a new roll of film. This requirement was part of a class project of her photography course in school. Subsequently, the roll of film was completely used up. In her Photography Lab in her school became available to her, she developed the films and made prints at which time an unidentified object was observed on one of the prints. This object has the general appearance of a chandelier or light fixture. [redacted] can offer no explanation of how it comes to be on the photograph.

2. DETAILS: On 7 June 1957 at approximately 1545 hours, an agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, San Diego Division, delivered four photographs to this Department stating that they had been obtained by [redacted] during the course of an interview with one [redacted], Bostonia, California.

The FBI has no further interest in the matter at this time.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED

[redacted] and stated that as a part of her photography course she was required to make a time exposure of the moon and stars during the hours of darkness in order to observe the [redacted] seventeen year old junior at [redacted]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 56 -

Text found in the image:

"Ceiling or sleds mod?"

"Conon Celes?"

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or document with a blurry, grainy texture. There is a white or light-colored object in the center of the image with some lines or markings around it.


- page 57 -

The text I can discern on this image is:

"color is gray"

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of what seems to be a blurry, oblong-shaped object against a grainy background. There are some handwritten arrows and annotations on the image as well, but the text is partially illegible.


- page 58 -

Text found in the image:

"Calling or
slid not?"

The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a grainy, low-contrast appearance. There is a light-colored object with an irregular shape in the center of the image, which seems to be the main focus of the photograph.


- page 59 -

Text found on the document:

"Culling or
Slender nod?"

The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a grainy, low-contrast appearance. There is a light-colored object with a curved or angular shape in the center of the image, surrounded by a dark background.


- page 60 -

Handwritten text in top right corner:
"Culling or
slender not?"

The image appears to be a grayscale photograph with a blurry, indistinct object or shape in the center, surrounded by a grainy, textured background.


- page 61 -

Text found on the document:

"Clearing or
slender mod?"

The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a grainy, low-contrast appearance. There is a faint, roughly drawn shape in the center of the image that looks somewhat like a curved or bent object, but the details are very indistinct due to the poor image quality.


- page 62 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what seems to be a UFO or flying saucer-like object in a grainy, textured sky or background. The object is white/light-colored and appears to have a classic disc or saucer shape. There are some faint lines or markings in the background, but the text is not legible in this image.


- page 63 -

Here is the text I can read from the image:

Light Source

"to line"
Calling

There are also several arrows drawn on the image pointing to different areas, and a white object or shape in the lower center of the image. The rest of the text is difficult to read due to the low contrast and grainy nature of the black and white document.


- page 64 -

Handwritten text on the image:

"Culling or
slender nod?"

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or document with arrows and annotations, with a grayscale gradient and two white circular markers at the bottom of the page.


- page 65 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a grainy, low-contrast quality. There is a white or light-colored object in the center of the image that seems to be some kind of object or shape against a dark background, but the details are very unclear due to the poor image quality.


- page 66 -

UNCLASSIFIED

13th Plt. 4th Dist CSI (IG) SAC, Subj: Report of Unidentified Flying Object photographed by Miss [redacted] at 1st Street, Bostonia, California, on 19 October 1956 or 2 November 1956

appearance on film. Miss [redacted] chose a night when the moon was full and to the best of her recollection the photograph was taken either 19 October or 2 November 1956, sometime between 2100 hours and 2130 hours. The camera was placed on the ground in the yard in front of the church [redacted], Bostonia, California). The camera was propped up with a rock so that the lens pointed directly at the moon at an angle of approximately 60 degrees from the horizontal. The shutter was placed in "time exposure" and left in that position for a period of 10 to 20 minutes. Miss [redacted] stated that the camera was exactly the same position when she found it as when she left it. This was the first exposure on the roll of film and the balance of the film was used during the following week, at which time the roll was removed from the camera. Miss [redacted] stated that she did not develop and print the roll of film until 5 June 1957 because she was awaiting her turn to use the facilities available to her at school.

4. Description of the camera follows:

Nomenclature: AGFA, Model 3-2 (Box camera)
Size of Camera: 4" wide, 6" high, 3" long
Lens: Fixed (non adjustable)
Shutter Speed: Fixed (non adjustable)
Shutter Opening: Fixed (non adjustable)

5. Miss [redacted] advised that she maintained no written record of the processing of the film, but the lab developed and printed the film herself and from memory provided the following data:

Type of Film: Kodak, Panatropic X
Temperature of Chemicals used: 75°
Type of Developer: Dektol
Developing Time: 15 minutes
Acid Fix Time: 15 minutes
Rinse Time (water): 21 hours
Drying Time: 24 hours

Miss [redacted] stated that when she developed this photograph she assumed that it was a child's drawing or that a photograph was a spot or water mark.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS, on 22 papers, at which time a male fellow employee developed the same type of film and found a picture of a "flying saucer". Miss [redacted] advised that she did not believe it at first, but further examination by the class and by the instructor convinced her that an object seen kind other than a water mark

UNCLASSIFIED
2


- page 67 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what seems to be a white object or shape against a grainy, textured background. The image is very low contrast and appears to be an old, possibly damaged or poorly scanned document.


- page 68 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a grainy, low-contrast quality. There is a white or light-colored object, possibly a UFO or unidentified flying object, positioned in the lower right quadrant of the image. Several faint lines or trails are visible in the background, suggesting movement or trajectory. The left side of the image is significantly darker, creating a strong contrast with the lighter right side. No legible text is present in this image.


- page 69 -

Text found on the document:

"Curling or
Slender nrg?"

The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a grayscale object in the center, surrounded by arrows and with a dark vertical band on the left side of the image.


- page 70 -

The text I can discern in this image is very limited:

In the bottom left area, there appears to be some handwritten text that is partially illegible.

There are some hand-drawn arrows and what looks like a small cluster of circles (possibly representing something like clouds or objects).

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or document with grainy, low-contrast characteristics typical of mid-20th century documentation. There is a small white object near the top center of the image.

Most of the specific text is too blurry or faint to read with certainty.


- page 71 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ID 24-                                                 UNCLASSIFIED: Report of Investigation

Flying Object: Photographed                            Date of Report 1 October 1956 or 2 November 1956
Where: Bostonia, California, on                        Period

was concerned. Enlargements were made by Miss           upon the advice
of her instructor and her father, Miss               notified the FBI, San
Diego Division.

6. The negative in question was obtained from Miss       and is
attached. The contact print described above and three enlargements
of the unidentified flying object are attached.

7. Upon conclusion of the interview and in the presence of her
mother, Miss                executed a signed, sworn statement, recapitulated
below:

(Paragraph is a photography class assignment. The instructor, assigned a project
involving a time exposure of the moon and stars, to allow students
to observe the pattern they make on film. Miss           exposed a film
for about 10 or 20 minutes on the night of the full moon, either
19 October or 2 November 1956. Camera was placed on ground in yard
of her                 in manner to include a pepper tree. Other pictures were taken
of the moon, candles, etc., that was also part of the project.

The original of the statement is retained in the files of Headquarters,
DO #18.

8. On 10 June 1957, S/A GRIFFIN examined the front yard of the
church and no wires, lighting fixtures, or any other object was
observed other than the church building itself, and the trees that
are visible in the lower right hand corner of the photograph. These
trees are approximately 40 feet in height and approximately 20 feet
southeast of the spot on which the camera was placed.

9. On 10 June 1957, art and photography
instructor at El Cajon Valley High School, interviewed in his office
by S/A GRIFFIN, advised that he is familiar with the photograph and
admitted that even though he is quite skeptical about flying saucers,
his examination of Miss           's negative failed, in his opinion,
to reveal any indication of double exposure or alteration. He
stated that Miss           definitely is not the type of person who would
attempt to deceive anyone because she is exceptionally serious minded,
calm, and above reproach as to character and integrity. He
further stated that he is not an expert in the field of photography
and although the object in question resembles an electric light
fixture, he could offer no explanation as to how the object may
have appeared in the film of the camera, nor how it could have been
placed there unknown to Miss           . He attributes the lapse in time
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS                            necessary for Miss           to await her turn to

UNCLASSIFIED

-3-


- page 72 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

18D 24-
Hq 18th Dist
Flying Object Photographed by Miss S
Bostonia, California, on 29 October 1956 or 2 November 1956

10. Miss [redacted] was stated that she wishes to retain possession
of the negative on which the unidentified flying object appears and
requests that it be returned to her at the earliest practicable
date.

11. On 10 June 1957, the [redacted] interviewed at his
church by S/A GRIFFIN, advised that his daughter had, in fact,
taken a photograph of the moon on which appeared an object that
he would term "a flying saucer". The [redacted] stated it is his
firm belief that his daughter has a genuine picture even though the
object looks like an inverted chandelier. The [redacted]
escorted S/A GRIFFIN through the church and through his home next
door in search of a chandelier or any other object resembling that
on the negative in question. No such object was observed. The
[redacted] advised that he has conversed with his neighbors on
this matter and has located no one with knowledge of such an occur-
rence. He stated that neither he, nor anyone he knows has observed
a flying saucer or any other unidentified flying object previously.

12. ACTION: No similar reports relative to this matter were
received and no action was taken as a result of this report by this
district office.

13. This correspondence is classified [redacted] in accordance
with paragraph 30a(2)(h), AFR 205-1.

[Signature]
Lt Colonel, USAF
Colonel, USAF
District Commander

4 Incls
1. Negative
2. Contact print
3. Enlargements
4. Statement, [redacted]

Copies furnished:
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Attn: ATIC-2-2

Comdr, March AFB
California

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10


- page 73 -

