PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

DATE
1. 4-13 August 56

DATE-TIME GROUP
2100-2220 (13 Aug)
2100-0330 (14 Aug)

PHOTOS
* Yes

LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Total: Approx 5 hrs

2. LOCATION
Bentwaters-Lakenheath, England

3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground Visual
□ Air Visual
4. SOURCE
Radar Observers - Ground
Observers, AF Pilots

5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Varied

6. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
On 14 August, between 2100-2220 21 August, radar personnel 3 separate UFO tracks were seen on radar, appearing and disappearing to their screen, with 2 or more simultaneously. Radar station 60P was tracking simultaneously. On 14 Aug, the RAF unit reported only were observed intermittently from 2100, going from 6 to 7 miles per minute, then W, disappearing at 0330.

7. EVALUATION (ATIC)
At first glance, the 2 reported (7 Aug, 14 Aug) and the 3 Aug sighting appear to give but unrelated bits of observation. A review of detailed reports indicates that on 14 Aug, the observations were simultaneous. A review of the data, however, indicates that the observations cannot be considered as concurrent.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

RECEIPT FOR CLASSIFIED MATERIAL RELEASED TO CONTRACTORS AND BIDDERS

TO (Name and Address of Individual, Firm or Corporation):
Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
50 Garden Street
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

FROM (Name, Address and Code of Releasing Activity):
Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio
AFOIN-464

DATE
19 Oct 56

INSTRUCTIONS:
1. RELEASING ACTIVITY - Prepare form in quadruplicate and retain one copy for followup purposes. Clearly indicate if material is RESTRICTED DATA. Forward one copy of receipt to the AMA Inspector General and two copies with the material released.
2. AMA INSPECTOR GENERAL - Forward form to the proper authority having security cognizance of the facility.
3. CONTRACTOR OR BIDDER - Sign the original and return to the Releasing Activity, using complete address as indicated in (FROM) block above.

IDENTIFICATION NR
T56-21219

NR COPIES
original

CLASSIFICATION
Confidential

DESCRIPTION, DATE AND SUBJECT
Memorandum for Record, 17 October 1956,
subj: (C) B O L R

T56-21219-1

carbon
copy

Confidential

Memorandum for Record, 17 October 1956,
subj: (C) B O L R

T56-21219-A

original

Confidential

Letter transmitting Memorandum

RECEIPT IS ACKNOWLEDGED FOR THE MATERIAL LISTED ABOVE. It is recognized that this material is CLASSIFIED and comes within the purview of this COMPANY'S SECURITY AGREEMENT.

[Bottom of form has signature and date lines left blank]

AMC FORM
15 MAR 56 258

PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM ARE OBSOLETE.

AF-WP-0-13 APR 56 1500M


- page 2 -

SIGHTING LETTER

Dear Sir:

Reference your UFO Study: you probably already have this item in your file, but, in case you don't, I will briefly outline it and you can contact me for full details if you want them.

I retired (20 years service) 1 April 1967 from the USAF. I have placed my name, rank, and serial number at the top of the page if you want to check on my authenticity. I was an Air Traffic Controller throughout my service career and utilized radar the last 16 years in the control of Air Traffic. I won't bother listing the types and locations, although I could supply all this if needed.

I have never mentioned this incident, as I was pretty sure it is considered (or was) classified, and the only reason I feel free to give you details is because you are an official government agency.

In 1955, sometime between January and September (I can't remember the exact date or month), I was on duty as Watch Supervisor at Lakenheath RAF Station, England (a USAF base) in the Radar Air Traffic Control Center. It was the 5:00 p.m. to midnight shift. I had either four or five other controllers on my shift. A controller was sitting at the Supervisor's Coordinating desk and received a call on the direct line (actually, I'm not sure which line it was). Anyway, it was Sculthorpe GCA Unit calling and the radar operator asked me if we had any strange or unusual scopes appearing at 1,000 mph. They said they had watched a target on their scopes proceed from a point 30 or 40 miles east of Sculthorpe to a point 40 miles west of Sculthorpe. The target passed directly over Sculthorpe, England RAF Station (also an USAF Station). He said the tower reported seeing it; it go by and just appeared to be a "blurry light." A CAA flight center also reported seeing it as a blurred light that passed under his aircraft. No report as to actual distance below the aircraft. I immediately had all controllers start scanning the radar scopes. I had each scope set on a different range - from 10 miles to 200 miles radius of Lakenheath. At this time I did not contact anyone by telephone as I was rather skeptical. At first, we were using full 200 mile radar, which eliminated entirely all ground returns and stationary targets. There was very little or not traffic. We watched a stationary target on the scopes about 20 to 25 miles southwest. This was unusual as a stationary target should have been eliminated unless it was moving at a speed of about 10 to 15 knots. And yet we could detect no movement at all. We watched this target on all the different scopes for several minutes. I called the GCA Unit at Lakenheath to see if they had this target on their scopes also. They confirmed the target was on their scope in the same geographical location. As we watched, the stationary target started moving at a speed of 40 to 600 mph in a north, northeast direction until it reached a point about 20 miles north northwest of Lakenheath. There was no slow start or build-up to this speed - it was constant from the second it started to move until it stopped.

I called and reported all the facts to this point, including Sculthorpe GCA's initial report, to the 7th Air Division Command Post at London. They in turn notified 3rd Air Force Command Post and had them hooked into the


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

line. I also hooked in my local AFB Commanding Officer and my Unit (AFCS Communications Squadron) Commander on my switchboard. And there could have been others hooked in also that I was not aware of. I repeated all the facts known to this point and continued to give a detailed report on the target's movements and location. The target made several changes in location, always in a straight line, always at about 600 mph and always from a standing or stationary point to his next stop at constant speed - no build-up in speed at all - these changes in location varied from 8 miles to 20 miles in length - no set pattern at any time. Time spent stationary between movements also varied from 30 or 4 minutes to 5 or 6 minutes (possibly even longer as I was busy answering questions - listening to theories, guesses, etc. that the conference line people were saying). This continued for some time. After I imagine about 30 to 45 minutes, it was decided to scramble two RAF interceptors to investigate. This was done I believe by 3rd Air Force calling the RAF and, after hearing what the score was, they scrambled one aircraft. [The second got off after as I will mention later.]

The interceptor aircraft took off from an RAF Station near London and approached Lakenheath from the southwest. Radio and radar contact was established with the RAF intercept aircraft at a point about 30 to 35 miles southwest of Lakenheath inbound to Lakenheath. On initial contact we gave the interceptor pilot all the background information on the UFO, his (the interceptor) present distance and bearing from Lakenheath, the UFO's (which was stationary at the time) distance and bearing from Lakenheath. We explained we did not know the altitude of the UFO but we could assume his altitude was above 1,500 feet and below 20,000 feet, due to the operational characteristics of the radar (GCA-5 type radar). Also we mentioned the report from the C47 over Sculthorpe that relayed the story about the light which passed below him. His altitude was 5,000 feet.

We immediately issued readings to the interceptor to guide him to the UFO. The UFO remains stationary throughout. This vectoring of the intercept aircraft continued. We continually gave the intercept aircraft his heading to the UFO and its distance from the UFO at approximate 1 to 2 mile intervals. Shortly after we told the intercept aircraft he was one-half mile from the UFO and it was twelve o'clock from his position, he said, "Roger, Lakenheath, I've got my guns locked on him." Then he paused and said, "Where did he go?" You still have him?" We replied, "Roger, it appeared he got behind you and he's still there." [There were now two targets; one behind the other, same speed, very close, but two separate distinct targets.]

The first movement by the UFO was so swift (circling behind the interceptor) I missed it entirely, but it was seen by the other controllers. However, the fact that this had occurred was confirmed by the pilot of the interceptor. The pilot of the interceptor told us he would try to shake the UFO and would try it again. He tried everything - he climbed, dived, circled, etc., but the UFO acted like it was glued right behind him, always the same distance, very close, but we always had two distinct targets. [Note: Target resolution on our radar at the range they were from the antenna (about 10 to 30 miles), all in the southerly sectors from Lakenheath) would be between 200 and 500 feet probably. Closer than that we would have got one target from both aircraft and UFO. Most specifications say 500 feet is the minimum, but I


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-3-

believe it varies and 200 to 600 feet is closer to the truth end, in addition,
this figure, equipment, atmospheric conditions, etc., also help determine

The interceptor pilot continued to try and shake the UFO for about ten
minutes (approximately 1.5 recommended). He continued to comment occasionally and we could tell from the tonal quality he was getting
worked, excited and also pretty scared.

He finally said, "I'm returning to Station, Lakenheath. Let me know if
only a short distance, as he headed south southwest (UFO) following him
came a stationary. We advised the interceptor and the UFO stopped and
stopped following and was not stationary about 10 miles south of Lakenheath.
He radioed this message and almost immediately the second interceptor called
us on the same frequency. We replied and told him we would advise him when
[He was not on radar, so we could establish radar contact with his aircraft.
low for us to pick up, or too far away - we had most of the scopes on
short range, so we could watch the UFO closely on the smaller range.] The
whatever his name was) and the number one interceptor by name (Tom, Frank -
reply was, "I saw something." "Well, it will be scary if I know what it was." One
said, "What happened?" interceptor said, "I know (for it) got behind me and
I did everything I could to shake him and I couldn't. It's the dammest
thing I've ever seen." Number one said, "I can't make out what it was for
so there was something there that was solid. Whatever it was for just a few seconds
frequencies to his note see frequency. Number one then switched
UFO and advised him next to still didn't save Number 2 the location of the
have shortly. He details were used in a more ready, but probably would
then know if anything was contacted. The aircraft was still at a normal
then left our area. We let them know in a northerly direction. Speed still
if aircraft or target is to the north about 50 to 60 miles, which is normal
radiation rate of that type radar. Altitude below 5,000 feet (because of the
are they said they'd tell everybody for us.

I made out a written report on this, in detail for the offices in charge
of my facility, and was told that unless I was contacted later for any
further information, I would take care of it. I don't know if a CERVIS report
was submitted on this or not - I heard no more about it.

All speeds in this report were calculated speeds based on time and
distance covered on radar. This speed was calculated many times that evening
and although this happened quite awhile ago, the basic elements are correct.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

-4-

Hope this helps in some small way to assist in your UFO investigation.

Carpinteria, California 93013

WEST                                                                   EAST

50 miles
40 miles
30 miles
20 miles
10 miles

LAKENHEATH

• first sighting on radar

→ - - - - - first movement and stopping place seen on radar

O   Intercept point by RAF interceptor - point also at which
    RAF pilot reports radar gun-lock on UFO.

The document contains a circular diagram showing concentric circles with distances marked and annotations about radar sightings and an intercept point.


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

TO: [partially illegible]
FROM: [partially illegible]
SUBJECT: [blank]
DATE: 8-6-57

UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO
Interdepartmental
Memorandum

Most of the text in the body of the document is illegible or too faint to read clearly.


- page 7 -

EXTRANEOUS INFO.

March 15, 1966

[Recipient's address is mostly blacked out, but appears to be from the Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of Colorado, Boulder, Colorado 80304]

Dear Doc;

[The rest of the text is partially obscured or difficult to read in full. Some words and phrases are visible, but not enough to confidently reproduce the entire text without potentially introducing errors.]

The bottom of the page contains a few more lines of text, but again, the full content is not clearly legible.


- page 8 -

The text on this page is partially illegible due to the low contrast and image quality. I can make out some fragments, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text. The parts I can discern include:

"... having made out a government activity about a ..."

"... we have no confirmation whatever that was not ..."

"This is not all I can do various further information."

"Looking forward to seeing you soon, I am,"

"Sincerely yours,"

The rest of the text is too faint or blurry to read with certainty.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Box 9709
ATIC (ATTN)
Wright-Patterson A. FB.
Ohio
26 November 1956

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
60 Garden Street
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Dr. Hynek:

Reference is made to my letter of 20 November 1956 in which I stated that I would send you the finalized material on the Lakenheath case. Enclosed you will find A-112 on the final investigations regarding this sighting.

I am relieved to find that they carry it under an unclassified category. This, of course, helps us in both the discussion and transmittal aspects.

I have included a rough plot of the three radar and one visual observations of the sightings. This should be of some help for your review and comment. These sightings, in my opinion, cannot be considered as concurrent with respect to time. The several radar tracks appear to show divergent tracks. An attempted intercept by American airplanes, which lasted for 15 minutes, produced no physical evidence of any UFO in the area. The visual observation, as you know, was by two observers near Benson. Also, there appears to have been some contact (I do not wish to use the word "collision") between the operator of two radar stations since they both state speed of exactly 100 m.p.h.

I feel, therefore, that our original analyses of anomalous propagation and astronomical is more or less correct. I will consider this case closed upon receipt of your final comment, at which time I will make a compiled, final conclusion for the air force.

A word concerning our proposed visit. As things are now it seems improbable that my plans can be made before the middle of January.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
2 incls


- page 10 -

UNCL SSIFIED

SUBJECT: Report for Aug 56 - UFO Reports from Bentwaters, Lakenheath and
Lakenhurst, England

TO: AFOIN-AI1                                                 DATE 7 NOV 56 GOSSING NO. 3
ATTN: Col Hoffman                                             FILE NO 6Y/C16

1. Continued herewith is ANIC-1-56, Encl (Inclosure #1), containing pertinent information on the Bentwaters-Lakenheath sighting which was reported to this Center on 13 August 1956 with a request for an evaluation. The report was forwarded by Headquarters USAF, it is believed to be report 14 per Inclosure (2).

2. On the basis of the information available at that time, it was our conclusion that the sighting was the result of anomalous propagation, with the possibility of certain meteoric showers, which were contributing factors.

3. Inasmuch as Headquarters USAF has expressed a desire for an expeditious evaluation, remarks are invited on the sighting (Inclosure 3), it is requested that this evaluation be reviewed, together with the original data, for the purpose of arriving at a more firm conclusion.

4. A rough plot of the three radar and visual observation indicate that the sightings cannot be considered as conforming with respect to time, location, or a local intercept. A ground observer in the area saw no physical evidence of any unidentified object in the sky.

5. Attached for your information is an evaluation by Dr. Hynek and Dr. Menzel, astronomical and optical experts, which will clarify, with available data, the incident. It may be of some additional viewpoint from the facts in your overall study of the incident.

[Signatures and additional notes partially obscured]

Inclosures:
[List of inclosures partially obscured]

UNCL SSIFIED


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

10. (Continued)

1. An amber-colored object was observed visually with 7 X 50 binoculars near the horizon toward E. SE. This object, the operator's site of Bentwaters, remained in sight for approximately 1 hour.

2. Two pilots of a local AF Interceptor squadron who were vectored to the area returned after a 45 minute search. Nothing found. Both stated, however, that there was a bright star in the horizon East of Bentwaters, that could have been mistaken for a UFO by visual observers.

3. Ground observers reported an unusual amount of shooting stars in the sky during this period.

11. Continued

This is confirmed by the original report 801-185, which states that the radar sightings occurred at a later time than the ground sightings. Comments, on the basis of specific aspects of each sighting:

Radar: The widely different tracks and speeds observed on the scopes (5N to NE, P to W, SE to NW, and 60-100 W(?) in the sudden appearing, disappearing, intermittent, strange, darting and remaining motionless) and other characteristics cannot be explained by lack of capability of reporting personnel.

Visual: Ground: It should be noted that the visual sighting by the control-tower chief, was 7 X 50 binoculars, in the degree above horizon towards the SE. Degree over surface places what might be this object approximately 1/2 degree above horizon for approximately 1 hour.

(CONTINUED)


- page 12 -

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD                                                  21 Sept 56

SUBJECT:  (U) Lakenheath-Bentwaters UFO Sighting -- Review and Comment
          by Dr. J. A. Hynek.

1.  On 13 September 1956, at the Harvard Astrophysical Observatory,
Cambridge, Massachusetts, Dr. Hynek and the undersigned held discussions
regarding this case.  All teletype messages and the various factors and
aspects were treated in some detail.

2.  Dr. Hynek was in agreement with the undersigned's comment to the
SAC Commander in England and Headquarters USAFE, considering the many
variables and other seemingly conflicting data involved in the UFO report.

3.  Upon receipt of this sighting, Dr. Hynek was unavailable to re-
view this report as one of the applicable USAF consultants normally re-
quired in cases of this kind.  Dr. Hynek was en route to Harvard Universi-
ty from the U. S. Astronomical Society Conference held in Berkeley, Calif.

4.  The following action was taken in attempt to resolve this matter
to a better conclusion:

    a.  Copies of all teletype messages from England were left in
    the custody of Dr. Hynek (deposited in safe for classified material as-
    signed Dr. F. E. Whipple, Director of Astrophysical Observatory).  A hand
    receipt signed by Dr. Hynek was obtained for the UFO case file.

    b.  Dr. Hynek will discuss the matter with Dr. Whipple who is
    now in Spain on IGY matters, and with Dr. Gerald Hawkins, British astro-
    physicist, now with the observatory in Cambridge.  Dr. Whipple is consid-
    ered the foremost authority on radio echoes and other radio-radar aspects
    of astronomical bodies in the world.  With Dr. Hawkins participating as an
    interested party (the annual UFO sighting being observed over England),
    the conference social provide something of note.  This conference arranged
    by Dr. Hynek will be at no expense to USAF.

                                                    GEORGE T. GREGORY
                                                    Captain, USAF


- page 13 -

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Date of Report: 13 Aug 1956
Date of Info: 11 Aug 1956
Date of Orig: 27 Aug 1956

Location: USAF Personnel, Bentwaters, England

Subject: (Unclassified) Unidentified Flying Objects Reporting (UFO)

Between 2102 and 2222, 11 August 1956, Unidentified Flying Objects were reported observed visually and by ground electronic means by USAF personnel at RAF Station Bentwaters, England.

Was significant as the report of three sources of UFOB's tracked on the Bentwaters GCA Radar. Those in the Bentwaters area were approximately 40-45 miles NE of Bentwaters at a 10 nautical mile radius. A group of 12 to 15 miles of Bentwaters at a speed of approximately 15 miles NE of the center at a speed of approximately 4000 mph. A third object was tracked by the Bentwaters radar approximately 30 miles NE of Bentwaters flying a westerly course at approximately 600 mph.

[Signature section at bottom of page]
Major, USAF
Wing Intelligence Officer

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 14 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

On 27 August 1956 the following information concerning subjects Bentwaters and Lakenheath, RAF Station Bentwaters, England, was received:

[Several lines are blacked out]

Substantiated that his attention was first called to the objects by the ground visual color. He was also able to see the objects near Bentwaters as a pie-shaped wedge at arm's length. At approximately 0200 hours, he sighted the objects which were described as amber colored. To determine scale or features were observed and an estimate of size was made. The objects were first sighted at approximately 2000 hours and remained visible until about 2030 hours. The objects were not in a fixed position but moved about. The object was initially stationary, appearing as a bright star-like object. Later it moved across the sky in a westerly direction. The white disc-like object was also sighted by other ground personnel.

[Several more lines are blacked out]

The large object appeared to be hovering and then moved away at high speed. The movement was described as being very fast and smooth. The object was estimated to be 20-30 feet in diameter and appeared to be metallic in nature.

[Several more lines are blacked out]

The document appears to be a military intelligence report about unidentified flying objects (UFOs) observed near RAF Bentwaters in England on 27 August 1956, with multiple sections blacked out.


- page 15 -

UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION REPORT

[Several lines of text are blacked out]

Since it was sighted at another UFO and sighted at the radar at almost the same time, this was a tracked case. This was approximately 15 seconds. Cause of the just noted sighting from an unknown object was not clear. 25 miles of the radar at Bentwaters showed a speed of 4000 miles per hour. All radar returns appeared digital weaker than the rest, etc. [Some text blacked out]

A/2C Vacancy:

The following information pertaining to an unidentified flying object at Bentwaters RAF at 1200, 13 August 1956 was transmitted electronically to [blacked out] at Lakenheath, England, RAF Station.

[Remaining text contains several blacked out sections, making full transcription difficult. The visible text discusses a UFO sighting and radar tracking, but many details are obscured.]

The bottom of the page has a handwritten note that appears to read "13 Aug 56" but the text is somewhat illegible.


- page 16 -

The text on this page is partially illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. I can make out some fragments and partial text, but not a complete, clear reading. Some visible text includes:

[Top of document appears to have some header/title text, but it is not clearly readable]

Partial visible text in the middle section includes:
"...velocity 9 to 10 knots"
"...velocity 43 knots"

There is a table or list with some numbers and abbreviations, but the full details are not clearly discernible.

The bottom portion of the document is mostly blank or too faint to read.


- page 17 -

SUBJECT: (C) Evaluation of Lakenheath Reports (Cont)

UFO societies and other "publicity artists" would make of such an incident.
It is, therefore, of great importance that further information on the technical aspects of the original observations be obtained, without loss of time from the original observers.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
USAF UFO Scientist-Consultant
17 October 1956


- page 18 -

SUBJECT: (C) Evaluation of Lakenheath Reports (Cont)

6. Meteors, however, as pointed out by Capt Gregory, can lead to radar returns because of the ionization of the gases in their trail. Accordingly, it would be extremely important to know whether the Bentwaters and Lakenheath radars have ever in the past observed meteors on their scopes and, if so, how such returns differ from the blips reported here.

7. Dr. Walpple and the writer discussed the Lakenheath incident at length and Dr. Walpple pointed out immediately the statement that "radar reported these facts to confirm a later hours than the ground observers". This statement needs clarification inasmuch as it contradicts other portions of the report which indicate that at least at certain times visual and radar sightings were simultaneous.

8. Dr. Whipple stated that as far as the report at hand is concerned, no obvious physical solution is suggested. He deplored the inadequacy of the typical UFO report as a scientific document. He further stated that the nature of such reports is not likely to change and urged that if the Air Force was serious in its attempts to resolve this problem, both scientifically and in the public mind, that the Air Force do more than continue its passive investigation activities. He suggested that, in any scientific procedure, facts are the raw material from which one must work and that in general the investigator in any particular case must assume an active roll in the obtaining of scientific data. In short, Dr. Whipple asked the writer whether the Air Force had ever considered or was now considering the possibility of initiating, for a limited time, an actual sky patrol by photographic and visual means of precisely those areas which the maximum UFO reports originate. The writer responded that this had indeed been suggested in the past but that because of considerations of expenses and of possible public misinterpretation, it was abandoned.

9. Dr. Whipple urged that a more modest proposal of the same general type be considered at this time. For instance, an area, such which numerous reports have come in might be patrolled by a dozen or so "fish eye" cameras, operating automatically, which would give a total record of all bright moving objects at night within a given area or sector. A simple device would suffice to yield the angular rate of motion so that fire balls (bright meteors) could be distinguished from airplanes and from other astronomical objects.

10. The present writer submits that it might be of considerable, potential use to the Air Force to be able to state, at some future time, that a careful patrol of an area rich in UFO reports" had been patrolled and nothing of a mysterious character photographed. This would be especially true if, during the time of patrol, UFO reports from untrained observers continued to come in from that area.

11. The Lakenheath report could constitute a source of embarrassment to the Air Force, and should the facts, as so far reported, get into the public domain, it is not necessary to point out what excellent use the several dozen

2 1


- page 19 -

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD

SUBJECT: (C) Evaluation of Lakenheath Reports

1. The original Lakenheath reports and the preliminary evaluations made by ATIC were submitted to the undersigned for examination, evaluation and comment. Writer requested permission to discuss these with Dr. P. L. Whipple, Harvard University, and director of Smithsonian Astronomical Observatory, in view of the fact that sightings occurred at the time of Perseid meteors and Dr. Whipple is a world-recognized authority on meteors. Following comments will accordingly be invited to cover the three points separately.

2. It is to be regretted that so unusual a sighting report did not contain more factual material on which to base an evaluation. The Lakenheath reports in one of the more unusual UFO reports, involving electronic and visual observations and subsequent pursuit by fighter plane. Yet, report does not state whether it was definitely established that visual and electronic sightings referred to same object or even if they occurred precisely simultaneously. Further, report does not give exact weather information which might enable one to charge weather conditions, with any prediction relative to "anomalous propagation" such as frequency occurs with radars.

3. It would be of extreme value to have independent statements from the various observers both at Bentwaters and Lakenheath. Report states that observers were traffic controllers and intelligence specialists. An analyst would be greatly aided by having independent statements from such highly trained observers as the original report indicates the observers were.

4. The implication of the original report is that the objects were sighted simultaneously by ground-visual, air-electronic and ground-electronic means. Yet, report nowhere states the nature of visual sightings or nature of radar blips. Angular rate of motion of objects is likewise not included.

5. With the above in mind, the preliminary reports submitted by Capt. Gregory covers the case as well as it possibly could, under the circumstances. After careful review, upon accepting the implications of the original report, and accepting the implications of the original report in the absence of specific statements, it is led to differ somewhat from a preliminary report. It seems highly unlikely, for instance, that the Perseid meteor could have been the cause of the sightings, especially in view of the statement of observers that shooting stars were exceptionally numerous that evening. Thus implying that they were able to distinguish the two phenomena. Further, if new evidence can be given to the maneuver of the objects as sighted visually and by radar, the meteor hypothesis must be ruled out.

CLASSIFICATION CHANGED TO UNCLASSIFIED, SPO MTNG 17 MARCH 1963, UNDER THE AUTHORITY OF AFR 205-1, PAGE PARA (16), HQ MAIN NETWORK COMMAND, A.F.


- page 20 -

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

At the top of the document, it is marked "UNCLASSIFIED"

The form contains several sections with partially legible text:

FROM: (Originator) appears to be "CONAR ATC"

TO: appears to be partially obscured

INFO: section has some partially legible text, but not fully readable

The document appears to be a military communication form from the 1950s, with some text blacked out or obscured. The majority of the body text is difficult to read clearly due to image quality and potential redactions.

At the bottom of the page, there is a page number indicator, but the specific page number is not clearly visible.


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

UNCLASSIFIED

FROM: (Originator)
COMDR USAF IC

TO: DI HQ USAF WASH DC

INFO: (Rest of top section partially illegible)

(Main body text is partially obscured/illegible, but appears to discuss some type of sighting or incident, with references to "SIGHTLOC" and various observations)

The document is a Joint Message Form, marked as "UNCLASSIFIED", with some sections blacked out or obscured. The text is difficult to fully read due to image quality and redactions.


- page 22 -

1. (Continued)

hour, and moved in a SE South direction. This coincided with the general location, elevation and movement of Mars for the one hour period in question. (NOTE: Mars, right and red, was making the closest approach to the Earth in 32 years.)

Visual Airborne: The two AF pilots who were vectored to search the area, remained aloft for 45 minutes. Both stated that a very bright star was observed near the horizon to the west, which, quoting these pilots "could be mistaken for a UFO by visual observers."

Astronomical: Of considerable significance is the fact that an annual meteor shower was in progress. The first report (TR-166) states conclusively that ground observers reported that there was an unusual amount of shooting stars in the sky at that time. And subsequent astronomical consultation cannot explain the sightings, stopping, and then changing course immediately...

Paragraph 2: The part that may have contributed to the sightings is not clear. The perilous cannot be determined conclusively. However, meteors can produce radar returns because of the ionization of their gaseous trail, which "trace" on radar.

CONCLUSION: On the basis of the above, and the limited data provided, there is no compelling reason to conclude that the radar UFO sightings were other than the result of naturally occurring phenomena, which could be explained by meteors, the period. The investigation is not considered valid.


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

FROM: (Originator)
COBAR AFJG

TO:
DI 14 USAF WASH DC

INFO:
COMDR 4028 AIFS, NT 28
USAF STATION, BENTWATERS, ENGLAND

CIRCULAR:
BERLIN, GERMANY

VERY LATE ON CASE WAS SPACE PROJECTED ONTO SAID AIRLAND AND PICK OF
ACTIONS AT THE SCENE. WAS A CASE OF SIGHTED. DETECT IN WAS ACCEPTED. UNITS
CONCERNED CONTINUE. LOW LEVEL MAY CAUSE INTERFERENCE TRACK TO MAIN TOPICS
CASE RECORDS DRAFT. TO CALL GROUP BY CONSIDER BY FORCE ATTACHED TRACK 20
TO 40 MILES, SO. REPORTED SIGHTED. THE JETS AGAIN WERE ORDERED OVER
POSITION. VISUAL SIGHTING MADE OVER SIGHTED. JETS SCRAMBLED TO INTERCEPT
SAME. JETS WERE SIGHTED. AIRCRAFT WERE VECTORED TO AREA OF SIGHTED
AEP. JETS NOT ABLE TO GAIN VISUAL ON OBJECT SIGHTED AT NIGHT.
JETS WERE UNABLE TO GAIN VISUAL CONTACT WITH OBJECT. RADAR TRACK
THAT WILL REMAIN DEFINITIVE ALSO IS GIVEN TO ATTACHED TRACK. JETS IS
APPLIED AS JETS SCRAMBLED. WILL BE USED FOR TRACKING. JETS WILL
ATTEMPT TO TRACK 11 MILES 1945 HRS AND PICK UP TRACK. IT IS SUPT
TRACK IS UNIDENTIFIED.


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

FROM: COMER ATIC

TO: HQ USAF WASH DC

INFO: COMER 1606TH AIR, INT WG
CAMERA, WRIGHT-PATT AFB, OHIO

UNCLASSIFIED

T. HAS BLAT AT THIS LK A THE NIGHT OF 13TH AUGST, 1956 INT UFO SIGHTING.
FULLY LRG MUST BE COLLECTED RELATIVE TO PREVIOUS LR BLAT REPTS. IN THEIR TIG-
TIVE ALL SIGHTS ARE LATE SPTS, COLD WAR TO ALARM TO CLOSE OVER AT LARGE, ADDED TO THE
OF THE METRIC (INT SPTS). LR ABOVE CHATS WILL JOINED CASE IN
TELE WHICH ARE TO TRACE AN EARLY SPTS. LR TRACE HAS INDICATED THAT
ACTUAL SAUCER FACILITIES IN THE EARTH AREA THE FIELD AREA ARE INCLUDED IN
MARG TIC ESTIMATE. EARLY SPTS INDICATE NEAR ACTIVITY. LR A STUDY MADE IN
1950 DISCLOSES THAT THE WESTERN REPORTS OF SAUCER POLICE ARE IN THE 13TH AND
14TH OF AUGUST.

PART TWO: LR ABOVE O UNDER DATA, NOT COVERED IN PREVIOUS LR BLAT REPTS, ABOVE
UNCLASSIFIED AS TO SMALL ITEMS OF LOCATION, SEALED TO WATCH WORLD
IN PART I ABOVE WILL TEND TO POINT A MORE PRECISE CAUSE OF A VALUE
TZ JL.

The document is a Joint Message Form marked "UNCLASSIFIED" and appears to be discussing a UFO sighting from the night of 13 August 1956.


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

1. Name of Dr. Wiley

2. Organization and Location APOL-4-54

3. Col Hoffman

4. AFO:L-4-21

5. Col Gilbert

6. AFO:L-4

7. Director

8. AFO:L-4-EN

REMARKS:
1. APOL-4-EN

1. Coordinated.

2. This package to forward a reply is considered warranted under the circumstances, particularly when additional investigation is field possible cannot be made for various reasons.

3. In this case, concern is the case in England at Lakenheath. Every possible approach to be explored.

FROM NAME OR TITLE Capt. J. R. Martin

ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION AFO:L-4

DATE 24 Aug 56

TELEPHONE 05216

DD FORM 95 (BACK)
2


- page 26 -

SUBJECT: Report for Analysis - UFO Reports from CINCUSAFE, Wisconsin and Lakenheath, England

TO: AFOIN-481 FROM: AFOIN-481 DATE 31 Aug 56 COMMENT NO. 2
(Attn. Capt. Gregory)                                 AFOIN-HQ/A-B, Brynn/w/p/2181

1. From the incomplete information submitted, it is impossible to make a definite determination of the sources of these sightings. Certain facts and available, however, do tend to indicate that the targets were due to weather conditions. For example, the fact that a number of blips appeared and disappeared incrementally are characteristic of weather returns. It can be reasonably concluded to a mistaken observation that one target has moved at tremendous speed, were in reality one has faded out or disappeared and another appeared at a different location on the scope. This is explained by careful analysis of the propagation of the characteristic of weather returns is the disappearance of all the targets in question at about the same time. This is due to rapid atmospheric changes wherein conditions change from "probable for anomalous propagation" to normal conditions.

2. The fact that the visual and radar sightings were not simultaneous tends to preclude the possibility of the targets being material targets.

3. A more thorough analysis of these UFO sightings would have been possible if more complete information were available. Tentative data which is necessary for such analysis includes scope photographs, weather information indicating presence or lack of temperature inversion, velocity types data, and an accurate tabulation of related flight activities. This is a preliminary analysis (as between visual sightings and radar data). This is at tentative to infer negligence or lack of capability of reporting personnel; such oversight or omissions are natural during such times, as lack of this type may not be available even if considered.

Incls
5 Incls w/1 - 5                                       GORDON C. HOFFMAN
                                                       Colonel, USAF
                                                       AFOIN-481

CLASSIFICATION CHANGED TO UNCLASSIFIED, EFFECTIVE 15 MARCH 1966, INRAN AFR 205-1, PARA 2-175(11), BY Maj Hector Quintanilla, Jr.


- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The following information was derived after discussion with
certain USAF personnel in England during 1956 concerning the possibility of
unidentified summered over England being mistaken for ground installations.

a. The Perseids are constant and apparently could be quite
spectacular over England.

b. The Perseids are at their visual peak between the 11th
and 20th of August.

c. These meteors, in their individual flights, could appear
to cross over large angles in their meteors.

d. It is possible that individual meteor in the Perseids
might be traced in similar angles.

e. Although only limited information is given on these
reports, the possibility of the Perseids over Lakenheath and Bentwaters
cannot be excluded.

L.V. Robinson
Major, USAF

Sgt. Heil:
1. File
2. Proofs of my approval to Dr. Altman - & Dr.
Byers to the possibility of meteors, indicating
their type (directly or indirectly) on radar scopes.

[Signature]


- page 28 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

[Top of document has a blacked out section]

1. Unidentified Flying Objects reported from RAF Stations Bentwaters and Lakenheath, in England.

2. Study of reports was considered according to existing policy on flying saucer reports, continued to await the attention of higher levels.

3. References attached telegraphic message from Salinas. It was one that Commanding Officer, 81st Strategic Reconnaissance Wing, as officer to investigate two phenomena during all visual sightings; ground observers, radar and aircraft intercepts.

4. Substantially the same sighting is reported by ATIC CASE.

5. The many variables and somewhat conflicting data make it a little difficult to form an immediate conclusion from this one of the sightings.

6. Although numerous are characteristic of single sightings are done, it is to be noted that this report is first of its kind. The report (a purely military report) seems to add weight to our evidence in this latitude.

7. It is notable that, undoubtedly, there further investigation at RAF Stations will arrive at more definitive conclusions.

8. Copy of report is being forwarded to Wisconsin for additional study.

[Signature section at bottom is partially illegible]

The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" and appears to be a report about UFO sightings at RAF Bentwaters and Lakenheath in England.


- page 29 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

21 AUG 56 1321

CLASSIFICATION CHANGED TO UNCLASSIFIED, EFFECTIVE 15 MARCH 1959, UNDER THE AUTHORITY OF AFR 205-5, PAR 4B, BY MAJ HECTOR

UNCLASSIFIED

24


- page 30 -

Text found on the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Detailed Radar cleaning

UNCLASSIFIED

[Large sections of text are redacted with black markings]

IDD-252
29

[Note: Some text is very faint or partially obscured, so not all text could be definitively read.]


- page 31 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

17 AUG 56 88 02

CLASSIFICATION CHANGED TO UNCLASSIFIED, EFFECTIVE 15 MARCH 1963, UNDER THE AUTHORITY
AFR 205-1, PARA 2-176 (11), by Maj H.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 32 -

The text on this page is mostly illegible due to poor image quality. The only clearly readable text is the word "UNCLASSIFIED" at the bottom of the page.


- page 33 -

REPORT NO.: IR-1-56                     EXTRACT "A"                     UNCLASSIFIED                     BBE

ORIGINATING AGENCY: 81st Fighter Bomber Wing, England
DATE OF DOCUMENT: 6/31/56
SUBJECT: (Unclassified) Unidentified Flying Objects Reporting (UFO8)

RETRIEVAL INFO: 4641/1 - England/--------/UFO8/-----------

Most significant are the reports of three courses of UFO8s tracked on the Bentwaters GCA Radar, these UFO8s flew courses as follows: 1 group of 12 to 15 UFO8 first at a point 5 miles SW of Bentwaters to approximately 40-44 miles NE of Bentwaters at an estimated speed of 80 to 125 miles per hour; a single UFO8 was tracked by the Bentwaters GCA from approximately 25 miles SW of Bentwaters to approximately 15 miles N of Bentwaters at an estimated speed of more than 4,000 miles per hour; third UFO8 was reported as tracked by the Bentwaters GCA from approximately 30 miles E. of Bentwaters flying a westerly course to about 30 miles west of Bentwaters at an exceptionally high speed.

The GCA Operators making these radar sightings were of the opinion that malfunctions of the GCA equipment did not cause these radar sightings.

The following information was obtained from USAF personnel assigned to RAF Station, Bentwaters, Lakenheath: Actual radar sightings of Unidentified Flying Objects in the vicinity of their assigned station during the period 2122Z to 2226Z, 13 August 1956.

The reliability of all the following sources of information is estimated to be usually reliable.

[UNCLASSIFIED]
PAGE 1 OF 6


- page 34 -

UNCLASSIFIED

At the bottom of the document, there is a partially legible line that reads:

"CLASSIFICATION CHANGED TO UNCLASSIFIED, EFFECTIVE 15 [rest is illegible]"

There is also a date stamp visible that reads: "21 AUG 56"

The rest of the text on the page is too faint or illegible to accurately transcribe.


- page 35 -

UNCLASSIFIED

17 AUG 56

CLASSIFICATION CHANGED TO UNCLASSIFIED, EFFECTIVE 15 MARCH 1959, UNDER THE AUTHORITY
OF AFR 205-1, PARA 2-176 (11), BY MAJ HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 36 -

At the top of the document, there are two visible markings:
1. "NO" (on the left side)
2. "UNCLASSIFIED" (on the right side)

Most of the text on the page is illegible due to poor image quality and faintness of the typewritten text. A large portion of the bottom of the page is redacted with a black bar.

The page appears to be from a document related to Project Blue Book, specifically referencing an incident in Bentwaters-Lakenheath, England in 1956, as indicated by the filename.


- page 37 -

The text on this page is partially obscured by black redaction lines. The only clearly visible text is:

BOL-4958
16aug56

Most of the document text is illegible due to the heavy redaction. The page appears to be a document from Project Blue Book with significant portions blacked out.


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

Lakenheath - Bentwaters Sightings

Between 2150 and 2155

Visual Sighting 3/4 mi NE
2120 - 2220

Obtained for one hour - S-SE of
1st + 2nd interceptor. Out to later: "80"
Appearance - high of project: "?"

Note: Many bright and red, and near to the horizon at this time.

Scope Presents

GTS


- page 39 -

REPORT NR:   IR-1-56                                EXTRACT "A"           UNCLASSIFIED           BEB

ATIC NR:     29664
AF NR:       1025624

On 27 August 1956 the following information concerning subject Unidentified Flying
Objects was received from S/Sgt [redacted] from Control Tower Shift Chief, 126th AGS
Squadron, RAF Station Bentwaters, England.

Sgt [redacted] indicated that his attention was first called to the object by its position,
size and unusual color. He was also aware that the Bentwaters GCA was tracking Unidentified
Flying Objects by radar at this time. Sgt [redacted] described the UFOB as spherical and the
size of a pin-head held at arm's length. He sighted only one object which was described as
having color and first observed large changes to bluish-white. No discernible details or
features were observed and no sound from the object was noted. Sgt [redacted] sighted the object
from the Bentwaters Control Tower visually with the aid of 7 x 50 power binoculars. Time of
observation was approximately 2120, and 2220, 13 August 1956. He indicated that the object was
first observed at about 10° elevation toward the south-east. The object was in sight for
approximately one hour during which time it intermittently disappeared and reappeared. At
times the object would appear stationary, at other times it would move slowly above the horizon
south-south-easterly direction. Light conditions during sighting dusk to night. Sgt [redacted]
indicated that the sky was clear with unlimited visibility during the time of this
observation.

1/Sgt [redacted]
(page 2)

1/Sgt [redacted], 126th AACS Squadron, RAF Station Bentwaters, England reports the following information relative to subject Unidentified Flying Objects.

PAGE 2 OF 6


- page 40 -

REPORT NR.: 1h-1-56                EXTRACT "A"                UNCLASSIFIED                BBB

Sgt [redacted] stated that 12 to 15 unidentified objects were tracked by the Bentwaters GCA (AN-WEN-11A) between 2150Z and 2155Z, 13 August 1956. This group was picked up approximately 8 miles southeast of RAF Station Bentwaters and were tracked on the radar scope clearly until the objects were approximately 14 miles northeast of Bentwaters. At the later point on the course of these objects, they moved considerably on the radar scope. However, the 12 to 15 objects were tracked to a point about 10 miles N.N. of Bentwaters. At the approximate 40 mile range individual objects in this group appeared to converge into one large object, which appeared to be several times larger than a B-36 aircraft due to the size of the blip on the radar scope. As the time that the individual objects seemed to converge into one large object, the large object appeared to remain stationary for 10 to 15 minutes. The large object then moved approximately 2 or 3 miles then stopped its movement for 3 to 5 minutes then moved north disappearing off the radar scope.

Sgt [redacted] stated that the 12 to 15 unidentified objects were preceded by 3 objects which were in a triangular formation. At an estimated 100 feet separating each object in the formation, the object appeared to be of a triangular configuration with the whole group simultaneously covering a 6 to 7 mile area. Prior to this, one object 10 miles N.W. of Bentwaters. Course taken by this group of objects and slight deviations from S.W. to N.E.

Sgt [redacted] stated that these objects appeared as normal targets on the GCA scope and that several checks were made to determine position of the ECM Radar to Lakenheath. Sgt [redacted] estimated that the unidentified objects in this

UNCLASSIFIED
PAGE 3 OF 6


- page 41 -

REPORT NR.: IR-1-56                EXTRACT "A"                UNCLASSIFIED                BSB

group moved at the rate of between 80 and 125 miles per hour. We computed this speed by using the range margins on the GCA scopes.

Sgt. [redacted] added that another UFOB was sighted on the GCA radar at about 2200Z, 13 August 1956. This object was tracked on the radar screen for approximately 16 seconds over an object 30 miles west of this station. Speed of this object was estimated to be in excess of 1000 miles per hour. All radar returns appeared normal on the scopes except for the last return which seemed slightly weaker than the rest. Sgt. [redacted] explained that object suddenly disappeared off the radar screen by rapidly moving out of the GCA radiation pattern. Light conditions were night. Weather was clear with good visibility and light winds.

A/20 Vacarro. [redacted]

The following information pertaining to an Unidentified Flying Object sighted electronically on the Bentwaters GCA at [redacted], 13 August 1956 was submitted by A/20 [redacted], 126th Air Control Squadron, RAF Station Bentwaters, England.

Airman [redacted] indicated that he tracked one Unidentified Flying Object on the Bentwaters GCA for approximately 10 seconds at 21:00, 14 August 1956. The size of the blip when picked up was that of a normal aircraft target. The blip diminished in size and intensity to the vanishing point before crossing the entire radar screen.

7 UNCLASSIFIED PAGE 4 OF 6


- page 42 -

REPORT NO.: 14-1-56.                     EXTRACT "A"                     UNCLASSIFIED                     DBB

The unidentified flying object was picked up at an estimated 35 to 50 miles east southeast of Bentwaters on a constant course of 255° to the vanishing point on the scope which was 15 to 20 miles west northwest of Bentwaters at an undetermined altitude. Airman Vaccaro estimated the speed of this object to be in the vicinity of 4000 miles per hour. This speed was calculated by computer. The speed of the object on the GCA scope with speeds that the operator is familiar with on the electronic simulator. A/2C Vaccaro said that some loss of the speed of the object could be computed from the fact that each time the GCA antenna completed a revolution once every two seconds. The weather was reported as clear with unlimited visibility.

Its Mot. and Move.

On 14 August 1956 the following information was received from 1st Lt. [redacted] and 1st Lt. [redacted] concerning the aerial search for unidentified flying objects. Lt. [redacted] and Lt. [redacted] are pilots assigned to the 12th Fighter Interceptor Squadron, Bentwaters, [redacted]. They above named officers interviewed that they were vectoring to Bentwaters. They flew their cloud ship. At time above stated they were vectored to the north - west of Bentwaters to search for unidentified flying objects which were being reported. [redacted] at Bentwaters NAS stated that they searched the area to the northeast, west, and southeast of Bentwaters. At altitude of flight was between 2000 and 3000 feet. Results of this aerial search were negative, both officers reported that they observed a bright star on the horizon to the west of Bentwaters.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 43 -

REPORT NO.: IR-1-56                    EXTRACT "A"                 UNCLASSIFIED                     BBE
                                                                            ATIC NR.: 239634
L. Rowe also stated that a flashing beacon was flashing through a low      AF NO.:   1025624
haze along the east coast of England from the vicinity of the village      REF:
of Orford.

Weather report from the Bentwaters weather detachment for the period 21002 to 2200Z
19 August 1956 for the Bentwaters area follows:

Winds:

Surface - Direction 220°, velocity 6 to 12 knots.
5,000 ft - Direction 230°, velocity 15 knots.
10,000 ft - Direction 270°, velocity 40 knots.
15,000 ft - Direction 260°, velocity 35 knots.
20,000 ft - Direction 250°, velocity 25 knots.
25,000 ft - Direction 260°, velocity 35 knots.
30,000 ft - Direction 260°, velocity 45 knots.
Ceiling - 5,000 ft
Visibility - 3 miles

No thunderstorms were located in the area of the sightings.

Several aircraft were in the Bentwaters area at the time of these sightings, but these
can be have been mistaken for the unidentified Flying Objects.

No physical evidence of the sightings is available.

UNCLASSIFIED
PAGE 6 OF 6


- page 44 -

