Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE
21 June 1956

2. LOCATION
Cincinnati, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 0636

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☒Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual     ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes   ☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian - Radar

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
9 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1 then several

9. COURSE
Radar

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object sight radar for 9 seconds, Observers were checking

11. COMMENTS
See case file, Radar analysis indicates ground clutter as most probable cause.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Ground clutter
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 20 miles ______ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Cincinnati City   Zone Ohio   State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

What is your present job? Staff Meteorologist at [redacted]

Age 31   Sex male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school X
b. High school X
c. College Physics & Math
d. Post graduate Meteorology
e. Technical school _______ (Type)
f. Other special training ____________

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: August 10 1956
                                           Day  Month  Year


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Blacked out]
SIGNATURE: [Blacked out]
DATE: August 10, 1956

On the morning of June 21st., at 0636, two meteorologists and an electronics engineer were watching the radar scope to observe clouds moving in from the west. An echo appeared at 065 degrees, with the center of the reflective field on the 20 mile range ring. The brightness of the echo was the same as that of the ground clutter. On the second sweep of the scanner(6 sec.) the center of the reflective field has moved about 4 to 5 miles. The first echo still retained much of its brightness. The second echo was due north east of the first. By the time the scanner made another sweep the sharp echoes had scattered and faded out. The scattered areas had the shape of small wings before the area went completely blank.

Cincinnati, Ohio


- page 3 -

Text found in the document:

Cincinnati 2, Ohio

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Dept. of the Air Force
Wright-Patterson A.F.B.
Ohio


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

CHIEF METEOROLOGIST
WITH RADAR

The wishes to express appreciation for your recent communication and friendly suggestions concerning the weather services offered by the radio and television stations.

Your Weatherman

TV SCHEDULE
TIME (EST)
7:25 AM
8:55 AM
12:30 PM (Appx.)
7:10 PM
11:12 PM

DAILY

RADIO SCHEDULE
TIME (EST)
6:55 AM
7:10 AM
12:10 PM
2:15 PM
5:55 PM
6:25 PM
7:25 PM
8:15 PM
10:06 PM
11:16 PM

DIAL
ADDITIONAL


- page 5 -

Text found in the document:

CINCINNATI 2, OHIO

The rest of the document appears to be a schematic or technical drawing of some equipment, with a vertical line and a stylized representation of what seems to be a piece of machinery or equipment mounted on a stand.


- page 6 -

UFO Case 21 Jun 56
WEN- Committee Ohio.

1. Archiving resolved by Electron
Draw(Grand Clutter)

2. Make Case file

3. Evaluate and see for
4602nd - Since day
out and receive copy,

4. Close Closed ——

975

35. This is for work by Elect Div.
and a function since/was
that not stand up at my
later date.


- page 7 -

DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO.                  SUBJECT
                          (U) Request for UFO Report Analysis

TO    AFOIN-484           FROM   AFOIN-484     DATE 21 Aug 56   COMMENT NO. 1
ATTN: Mr.                                      484/Capt Gregory/12/6216

1. In accordance with established ATIC policies for the analysis of UFO reports, 
request your review and comments regarding the attached report of a radar UFO.

2. Subject sighting will be tentatively placed in a "unknown" category, pending 
your written opinions or conclusions.

                                                HENRY G. MILEY
1 Incl                                         AFOIN-484
USAF Tech Info Sheet

TO:   AFOIN-484           FROM:   AFOIN-481    DATE: 21 Aug 56   COMMENT NO. 2
                                               481a/MF:PCKGNY/pm/72131

1. Based on the information reported, it is the opinion of this office that 
the signal reported was caused by ground clutter. A variation in the index of 
refraction in the propagation medium, in this case the atmosphere, causes the RF 
beam to bend and strike the ground. The phenomenon reported in sweep three is 
most likely caused by changes in the characteristics of the index of refraction.

2. In future reports involving radar detection of UFOs, it is requested that 
the radar be identified, if possible, and the target size be estimated from the 
spot seen on the radar indicator.

                                                GORDON C. HOFFMAN
1 Incl                                         Colonel, USAF
n/c                                            AFOIN-481

DD FORM 96    REPLACES NME FORM 98, 1 OCT. 42, WHICH MAY BE USED             16-84901-1    U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1958 O-383881


- page 8 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
21    JUNE    1956

2. Time of day:    06    36
                Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
            b. Central            b. Standard
            c. Mountain
            d. Pacific
            a. Other _______

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted]    CINCINNATI,    OHIO
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or Country

Additional remarks: OBJECT OBSERVED ON TECA MODEL NO (3 CH.) RADAR SET IN THE

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:    0    0    9
                                        Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain    c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?    N/A
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
            b. Dull daylight    e. No trace of daylight
            c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?    N/A
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
            b. In back of you    e. Overhead
            c. To your right    f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 9 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw this object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One):   a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
               b. Several blocks away?
               c. A block away?
               d. Several yards away?
               e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Seem to spin or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One)   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other


- page 10 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound                 N/A
b. Color                 

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Three concentric circle diagrams labeled:
1st Sweep
2nd Sweep
9 sec. +]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember                 N/A

a. Other                 

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?                 
Draw a picture showing how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[A horizontal line at the bottom of the page]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
[blank line]
feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other: ____________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
REFLECTIVE AREA SCATTERED AND FADED

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct that object as you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

NOT WEATHER PHENOMENON.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other: WEATHER STATION

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
OBSERVING WEATHER ON RADAR SCOPE.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes ___   No ___

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest
N/A

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest
N/A

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 065 degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 065+ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.


- page 13 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

N/A (handwritten in top right corner of page)

Page 6 (printed in top right corner of page)


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions on the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One) PARTLY CLOUDY    34.2 WIND (Circle One) WEST 7mph.
    a. Clear sky                            a. No wind
    b. Hazy                                 b. Slight breeze
    c. Scattered clouds                     c. Strong wind
    d. Thick or heavy clouds                d. Don't remember
    e. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)                  34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
    a. Dry                                  a. Cold
    b. Fog, mist, or light rain VISIBILITY  b. Cool
    c. Moderate or heavy rain               c. Warm
    d. Snow                                 d. Hot
    e. Don't remember                       e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
    JUNE    21ST     1956

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
    (Circle One) YES   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
    (Circle One) YES   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
    [Redacted text]... Electronics engineer...
    [Redacted text]... Meteorologist...

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
    (Circle One) YES   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
    [Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
    All agree that this refractive field was not caused by weather or other types of interference.


- page 15 -

