PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
25 August 1956

2. LOCATION
South Salem, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Lea 45 EDT (PM)

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTO
☐ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
NE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object, bullet shaped, size of half dollar, color like polished brass. Object had long tail of smoke and sparks. Object moved with about the same speed as an airliner. No sound and flat straight and level 1111 out of sight, but tail of smoke still visible after object disappeared.

11. COMMENTS
Probable A/C

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☒ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? I would say it was going at
(Circle One) Yes   No   the cruising speed of a commercial
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Airliner.                 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?                feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] N.Y.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? House wife
Age 60   Sex F

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school                 e. Technical school
b. High school                  (Type)
c. College X                    f. Other special training
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   8   Sept   1956
                                             Day  Month  Year


- page 2 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE [REDACTED]
DATE Sept. 6 - 56

Saturday 25th

If was in early evening nearing to a clear warm day in August. I was sitting on our highway, in back of our house, looking out toward to garden, and beyond. Suddenly, then like some time in the sky right appeared a high, built, shaped object traveling to long list of what seemed. A to be dark and simple. I thought at first someone was sitting if two miles because of its long bright tail but be by first, while was able a slight view of the more, involved in a straight course of range its sky swirled if was not fire under. The thing had no glittering wave, and glowed from end to end with a deadly light. did not flicker or rock off my senses.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The object was long and narrow, rather like a cigar wider in center to

to decrease in brightness. How were a few scattered clouds and the sky faded in part of sky.

sky was or large shining and very long rose still as I could have heard a sound but then high

sting made no noise of any two kind. It was real would to watch if say it bright and we silent

agree. He only then spirit saw the spot of called by

hushed and we watched it for a while then went on

night time garden with to saw this. I continued to

point hit they and was got up and walked

for several all lawn or I could watch it as far

as possible. Only saw near it not of my right then

I started blind or saw rock no sky down. How it

different and I watched until it faded into the

distance. As I only made it commercial glance

what pass yet live daily I could estimate that it

not short its same from sky to pass out of

sight so it takes for sky air high our effort

called to begin we to object its long high long

sting started across sky after sky then disappeared

around 7:30 P.M. E.D.S.T. we were had set all up

rising to going. Half appeared. It was the bright

twilight. The thing traveled in a N.R. direction.

Again comparing to commercial planes it judged this object to have been


- page 4 -

6 September 1956

Dear Mrs. [redacted]
New York

This is in reply to your letter of August 28, 1956, concerning your sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object.

We are most certainly still interested in these sightings. Enclosed is a USAF Technical Information Sheet for you to complete regarding the phenomenon you have observed.

Any aerial objects, so long as it remains unidentified, represents a potential threat to the security of the United States; therefore, it becomes of great concern to the Air Defense Command which is charged with aerial protection of the United States.

It has, for some time now, been the joint responsibility of the Air Defense Command and the Air Technical Intelligence Center to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects and to determine whether or not they represent developments outside our own scientific knowledge.

It is requested that you forward the completed form directly to:

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Attention: AFOIN-4E4
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Your interest is greatly appreciated.

Sincerely,

TIMOTHY R. JOHNSON
Lt Colonel, USAF
Directorate of Intelligence

Incl:


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25   August   1956
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:  7    45
             Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
South Salem   N.Y.
Nearest Postal Address         City or Town       State or Country

Additional remarks: I was sitting on breezeway looking out toward the garden.

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
                Hours    5    Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
                        d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
              b. Dull daylight     e. No trace of daylight
              c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. Sun had set beyond hill. It would have been
              b. In front of you    c. To your right   d. To your left
              e. Overhead           f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 50)


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Combination Smoke Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Spark-like exhaust Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: Out of Sight for a few seconds behind a tree.

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved in front of: Thin cloud formation

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No f. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No h. Other
d. Window glass Yes No


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: Absolutely NO SOUND
    b. Color: Like a bar of molten substance, glowing steadily.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially what trails or vapor trails. Please on arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A handwritten sketch with "exhaust-vapor trail" written next to it]

The vapor trail stretched clear across the sky and was real bright for the first 1/3 way.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One)
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The bottom section of the page is blank]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Grapefruit
i. Basketball
j. Other:

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Simply kept A Straight Course Across the sky Until it was so longer Visible.

24. In order that you can give as close a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe to you own words some object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The best I can do is to say that it would be if a real bright, highly polished brass, somewhat in the shape of a bullet but tapered at both ends. As for the size I'd have no idea - it did not appear to be as large as the average airliner. More perhaps like a jet or DC-4.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was sitting in our back yard looking out over garden 10 yards the sky. Suddenly from behind the trees appeared this bright object with a long trail of sparks smoke. At first I thought someone was shooting fireworks because of this trail.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 135° degrees.
b. From horizon 45° degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 45° degrees.
b. From horizon 45° degrees.


- page 10 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds - very sparse
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
18 August 1956

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
My husband. [redacted] N.Y.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[blank]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I have no idea. I do know it was no ordinary aircraft as I live in an area where commercial planes, jets, and Army planes pass daily regularly, day and night, and none has ever appeared like this. Furthermore, all of those have an accompanying noise, no matter how distant, but this was completely silent. They also have riding lights which blink on and off. This whole thing glowed steadily from end to end.


- page 12 -

