UFOBS INDEX CARD

1. DATE
22 Jul 56

2. LOCATION
Lakeport, Calif

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
22/1300Z Jul 56

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
✔ Ground-Visual   □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual      □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes (Drawing)
□ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Three to four seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

9. COURSE
Westerly

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Two objects seen flying in a westerly direction. Objects were observed visually for 3 - 4 seconds.

11. COMMENTS
This report was received by AF Form 112 from Hq MADS. A copy has been forwarded under separate cover. A pastel drawing is also being forwarded for your analysis.

This sighting falls into category of "Insufficient data for evaluation." One to the shortness of length of time in sight.

AISOP Form 5 (15 Oct 54)

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
✔ Was Astronomical (Meteor)
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other: ____________
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation


- page 1 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a landscape, showing what seems to be trees or forest in the background and some vegetation or ground in the foreground. The image is quite grainy and low contrast, making details difficult to discern.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

The Air Force is now ready to concede that many saucer and fireball sightings still here Life offers some scientific evidence that there is a real case for interplanetary

by H. B. DARRACH JR. and ROBERT GINNA

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to poor image quality. The image appears to show a blurry black and white photograph with a light-colored object against a dark background, possibly a UFO or astronomical phenomenon.]

The bottom of the page contains a partially cut-off line of text that seems to be a photo credit or caption, but it is not fully readable.


- page 3 -

This Case Includes
Four (4) 9" x 11½" Drawings and
One (1) newspaper clipping.


- page 4 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph or document with a vertical rectangular shape that looks like a blurry or degraded image or document fragment, positioned in an L-shape against a white background.


- page 5 -

The image appears to be a very low quality, blurry black and white document or photograph. Most of the text is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy distortion. I cannot confidently read any text on this page.


- page 6 -

Chuck
Anderson
ADVERTISING ART
870 MARKET ST. SAN FRANCISCO
SU 1-4424


- page 7 -

The only legible text on this page is a signature at the bottom right that appears to read "Chuck Nicholson".

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or document with significant contrast and graininess, making most details difficult to discern. The image is mostly white/light gray with black/dark gray areas, but the specific content is not clearly identifiable due to the poor image quality.


- page 8 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely low quality and mostly illegible. There are some dark and light areas, with what seems to be a black vertical section on the left side of the image, but no clear text or discernible details can be read. The image looks like a very poor quality photographic or scanned document with significant degradation or poor contrast.


- page 9 -

... See UFO Case File ... 22 July 1956, Lake Port, Calif.


- page 10 -

