PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
6 June 1956

2. LOCATION
Banning, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 06/13307

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes □
No ■

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8-10 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
circling auto

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
See preliminary report.

11. COMMENTS
UNIDENTIFIED.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other: UNIDENTIFIED
■ Insufficient Data for Evaluation


- page 1 -

Witness

1. Description of the object:

a. As seen page 02, the object appeared to be this size, appeared on either end as shown below:

[Hand-drawn sketch of a UFO/disk shape]

Later on, the object appeared to bank left and presented the following appearance:

b. Although the object was reported to be about the size of a present day jet fighter, it is estimated that this would be the equivalent of a silver dollar held at arms length. The observer seemed very positive that the flying object would have been more than 100 yards away from him at any time.

c. Shimmering:
The color was silvery in appearance. This was when the object was down-sun. As it moved up-sun, it took on a bluish hue.

d. One object was sighted.

e. (omitted since only one object was sighted)

The object appeared relatively smooth, with no breaks such as natural, metal, or other type. The object was in a banked attitude, a wing-bundle type wing was seen. This is shown in the sketch herewith. Noise for can't be heard at this time.

f. There was no tail or disturbance on the object other than object's own exhaust. No smoke, fire, or other near exhaust was seen, so no view of propulsion system or explosion.

g. There was no noise of any kind emanating from the object. The drive seemed to be so quiet and smooth that may be the object was so quiet that it was little or no wind.

The observer distinctly remembers that the object, as it moved around him, did not change its shape or size-form noticed, but could have changed by the objects position.

A. Description of source:

a. The observer was by himself in his car. He was on his way from Banning, California to Beaumont, California on "..." (illegible) first road to right, about 1/2 mile out of Banning. He was driving about 35-40 miles per hour. In the first part of his trip, it appeared to be hovering about 100 yards away.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Text off the ground and was about 100 yards away from him. He seemed to be quite sure of this range to the object and was right. As soon as he saw the object, he was about 1 1/2 miles from it. He was so frightened that he braked his car to a halt and sat there and watched it in fascination.

3. He gave no elevation angle on the object; however, he was very low to the ground.

4. The object finally returned to approximately the same position where it was first sighted, then suddenly zoomed upward at a tremendous angle of about 20 degrees in a west-northwesterly direction to a position angle of about 20 degrees and disappeared from sight. The observer states that the object didn't just slowly fade away, but it disappeared almost immediately. He estimated that the object, from the time it started up until it disappeared, was less than a second. He seemed to be genuinely amazed that he could have disappeared so suddenly.

5. The object was either hovering or moving very slowly when he first sighted it. An 8-inch stop, the object slowly moved across the highway in front of him moving in a counter-clockwise direction. After sighting the highway in back of him, it banked again and moved up to approximately the same position. He sat in his car and watched the entire incident. He estimated that it took about 3 or 5 seconds. The entire was constant at the same height and position. He was quite certain that the object was not a balloon or signal.

6. Manner of observation:

a. Ground-visual.

b. No optical aids were used. The observer was not wearing glasses.

c. He stated that he was definitely at windows clear.

d. At applicable time sighting was on from the ground.

7. Time and date of sighting:

a. Object sighted at approximately 0315, 14 June 1956.

b. Light conditions: Day

8. Location of observer:


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

6. Identifying information of person:

[Large section blacked out]

a. [Partially legible text] west of west air conditions.
   [Partially legible] that it was a beautiful day, no clouds and
   visibly warm. Visibility was good, alt. about 5000 ft. Clear sky was
   warm. [Some text illegible]

b. Weather report from Wickam, Point Huenme, California:

Note: Some text is blacked out or illegible, so I have only transcribed the parts that are clearly visible.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

8. There is no explanation or identification of the object other than it was in color.

9. Since the observer did not see it for a week, it is doubted that any interaction action took place.

10. There was no time given as to when, during or after the alleged encounter.

11. Lt Marvin G. Blair, MSC, USAF/110, West Hqs-Charge, Guided Missile Plt, 1st Lt Sherman, took the information for this report. He stated that he should make a delivery, so went to the Beauty Shop to make a delivery. He reported his meeting to the security Force Officer who referred him to Capt Blair. Capt Blair tried to ask him many pertinent questions as he will think of later. The police out thought that there were no witnesses.

12. No physical evidence exists to corroborate this sighting.

Note: Some parts of the text appear to be partially obscured or blacked out, so the OCR may not capture all text perfectly.


- page 5 -

