PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
11 August 1956

2. LOCATION
Boston, Massachusetts

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1900-0302

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
13 to 15 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
NE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object was without wings, speed, color, and flight side respectively. Obj was evidently cigar-shaped west to southeast. Obj appeared to observer for 13 to 15 min.

11. COMMENTS
Possible of wings, speed, sound, duration, and height path. Obj was sighted, possible cause of sighting, possible aircraft. Although not clear, it seems that o/the obj coming direction, made no sound, prevailing light conditions of sunset, that color blades were not visible. Evaluated as possible helicopter.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
[X] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 25 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

LG-OSI 24-Q-351                                                  31 AUG 1956

SUBJECT:    (Unclassified) Sighting of Unidentified
            Flying Object
            SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO:         Commander
            Detachment #3
            4622d Air Intelligence Service Squadron
            Stewart AF Base, New York

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, the attached letter, which was furnished to this district by the Boston Federal Bureau of Investigation, is forwarded for your information and any action deemed appropriate.

2. The Federal Bureau of Investigation has acknowledged Mrs. [redacted] letter and advised her that the matter was referred to the Air Force.

3. No investigation has been conducted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the Office of Special Investigations.

1 Incl:                                                GORDON G. GRIFFIN
1st Ind, OSI                                           Colonel, USAF
                                                        District Commander


- page 2 -

DISPOSITION FORM

Date stamp in top right corner appears to read: 13 1 56

The visible text in the body of the document reads:

"The enclosed documents that were received at this time on 10 May 55 and 14 Sept 55 from Formosa, we note, is a subject matter being taken at note."

The rest of the document appears to be mostly blank or illegible.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Partially illegible date at top, appears to be August 19, 1956]

Dear Mrs.

At the "tail" of being so addressed "helplessly" I wish to report that the events of August 17 (Sat.) or son Michael (age 9½) and I were sitting out of our 4th floor apartment's balcony watching big silvery trajectory or long horizon arc, then up N.W. sky observed a white, fast approaching from a west-southwest westerly direction. Coming or strewn of silvery. In view, I believe, that has been referred to as a "flying saucer."

Then first I realized that I could not define. I wanted to carefully see distinct. I was reaching straight toward it in its arc. I still noticed o floor? ridge across sky. I precisely then 25 to 30° up from horizon, saw to N.W. a 2-3 disc of silvery white utilities. Been after that some 30° I could distinctly see it light on sky watch and red light on the right wing.

I did listen to 11 listen with you along we Clean (rest of paragraph is illegible)

[The rest of the document becomes increasingly illegible, with only fragments of words and sentences discernible]


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Most of the text is redacted/blacked out]

Sincerely,

[Signature] Joseph A. Machypowsky

A certified true copy (of what has been written)

Note: Large portions of the text are obscured by black redaction marks, making most of the original text unreadable.


- page 5 -

