UFOB INDEX CARD

1. DATE
9 28 Aug 56

2. LOCATION
Woburn, Mass.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
10/0230Z Aug 56

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Ninety minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Relatively
Stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One or one circ shaped yellow object. Object was initially sighted at 300 elevation and 3600 azimuth. Motions of object were left and right, up and down. Object disappeared in the same location by fading. Object was viewed visually and through binoculars or 20 minutes.

11. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
☒ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

COMMENTS
Opinion of this Headquarters is that cause of sighting was possibly a star shining through an acute temperature inversion. Shape, size, color, motions, and stationary position tend to support this hypothesis. However, disappearance of the object, presumably due some location after 90 minutes, is not in agreement with the hypothesis. Therefore, evaluation of this Headquarters is "Possibly astronomical"

AISOP Form 5 (15 Oct 54)


- page 1 -

Case 182, Ipswich, Mass. Aug. 7, 9, 10, 1956—Mysterious lights were first seen by Edwin Damon and Russell Green on Tuesday night. The lights reappeared more brilliantly on Thursday when the skywatchers were joined by two more neighbors. Green who watched till 2:45 am Friday said that it was a ball of light, very bright. He said that it changed shape from a disc to a crescent and faded away only to return. He described it as moving slowly from right to left and up and down. Following it with binoculars Green said that it appeared to have a nimbus or colored light around it. Cpl. Defense said radar had been involved in the sightings and that the results were being scrutinized at top headquarters of the Eastern Air Defense Command. Temperature inversion was considered as an explanation.


- page 2 -

