PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 16 July 1956

2. LOCATION: Homerville, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP:
Local: 2400 EST
GMT: 17/0500Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (X)

5. PHOTOS: No

6. SOURCE: Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: two

9. COURSE: SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
two objects with lights similar to a/c light. Object had humming sound. Size of object between a pea and dime. Disappeared over trees faded from view. Maintained constant altitude.

11. COMMENTS: Aircraft.

12. CONCLUSIONS: Jets (checked)

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [Handwritten note: "Faster than an automobile"] ______ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [Handwritten note: "approximately 1/2 mile"] ______ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]

ADDRESS [Partially filled: "Homerville", City: "Homerville", State: "Ohio"]

TELEPHONE NUMBER [Noted as "no telephone"]

What is your present job? [Redacted]

Age 23 Sex female

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school [Checked]
b. High school [Checked]
c. College [Blank]
d. Post graduate [Blank]
e. Technical school (Type) [Blank]
f. Other special training [Blank]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
20 July 56 Year


- page 2 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME: [blank]
SIGNATURE: [blank]
DATE: [blank]

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE: [blank]

Handwritten notes on the page include:
- "Under undercast"
- "red" with an arrow
- "white lights" with an arrow
- Some additional illegible handwritten notes on the right side of the page

Page 9 is written at the top right corner of the document.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

NEVER USE FOR APPROVALS, DISAPPROVALS, CONCURRENCES, OR SIMILAR ACTIONS

[Most of the routing slip fields are blank]

Remarks:
Record long distance from (looks like "2008") who wrote
a newspaper report - Yes.
- who reports the UFO
for a Miss [blacked out] her notice.
After numerous out - offs and write
in the office - manage to get
report - but I don't see - it's tough
and have been able to or [illegible]. Believe
she says in a/c red lights blinking after
lights steady

[Bottom of form]
DD FORM 95
1 FEB 50 Replaces DA AGO Form 506, 1 Apr 44, and AFPG


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
16 July 56
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 2400 0
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
1 Mi. South of Homerville, Ohio
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town       State or Country
Additional remarks: On farm site - Sows + heard

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight     e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember
Very dark - Bright nearest - so moon

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember
N/A

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few (near at two stars)
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes    b. No    c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car?)
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    If you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):    a. Solid?    b. Transparent?    c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No

e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope    Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: Slight & a large vacuum cleaner - sporty
    b. Color: Dull faint metallic

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    [Handwritten notes on the sketch include:
    - "RED, BLINKING in succession (1,2,3)"
    - "WHITE, NO BLINKING on constancy"
    - Other notes about altitude and movement]

18. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember
    e. Other: fairly clear

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

    [Handwritten note: "see above"]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten notes: Constant, Slanted]

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
Between five and three

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

[Handwritten note: Between two]

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Disappeared one time
Faded from view

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The page is blank for the response to question 24]


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. inside a building
b. in a car
c. Outdoors
d. in an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. in the business section of a city?
b. in the residential section of a city?
c. on countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? [partially illegible handwritten text]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 123 degrees.
b. From horizon 30 degrees.


- page 9 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
    a. Clear sky
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds
    e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
    a. No wind
    b. Slight breeze
    c. Strong wind
    d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
    a. Dry
    b. Fog or light rain
    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Snow
    e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
    a. Cold
    b. Cool
    c. Warm
    d. Hot
    e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
    [Blank table for Day, Month, Year]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
    (Circle One) Yes    No
    36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
    (Circle One) Yes    No
    36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
    [Blank space]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
    (Circle One) Yes    No
    37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
    [Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
    [Handwritten: "No opinion"]


- page 11 -

