PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
28 April 1956

2. LOCATION
Old Bridge, New Jersey

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 8-30 EST
GMT 29/0130Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
E to NW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
1) Object appeared to be a bright star getting brighter. Motionless in the NE for 30 seconds then object dimmed and began to move to the NW. It turned red then dull red, traveling slower than an airliner passing. Then it accelerated to a tremendous speed and vanished.

11. COMMENTS
Duration & maneuvers indicate that the sighting was possibly due to a/c. Nothing conflicting with this analysis other than the rapid burst of speed. Possibly jet which turned on afterburner accounting for added speed. This indicated by the object's turning red.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
■ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
feet. can't - don't know altitude

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length:
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin g. Silver dollar
b. Pea h. Baseball
Little less than a Dime i. Grapefruit
d. Nickel j. Basketball
e. Quarter k. Other
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certainly c. Not very sure
b. Fairly Certain d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Transverse this & to frame best it went - and was transparent, occasionally accelerating, with manner & way, faded - fully and gradually at great height.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Since at was night time I have no idea of construction. Perhaps a huge electric globe would best describe it. Round and capable of varying its brilliance, after initial brilliant glow which would give impression of great size it would dim to dull red less than half original apparent diameter.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Sitting out front porch steps. Was low enough on horizon to attract attention due to being larger + brighter than another stars, increased in brilliance fixed attention.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

Some handwritten notes appear to be partially illegible in sections 31.1 and 31.2.


- page 3 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
7     May     1956     THEN TAG BN

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No
36.1 IF you answered Yes, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No
37.1 IF you answered NO, Then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially illegible text, but starts with "It was not..."]


- page 5 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? At a distance, still, in motion, about 6-7000 mph, last leg of flight must have been 300 mph, though was at height.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Apparently several thousand feet above military.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS Old Bridge, N.J.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
What is your present job? Dir. Advertising, Intern. Div.
Age 26 Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College Colum. Univ.
d. Post graduate X

e. Technical school Cath. Univ. Tech. Inst.
f. Other special training Johns Hopkins
                           studies

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 21 JUNE 1956


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE: [redacted]

DATE: 5 21 June 1956

My wife & I were sitting on our front porch steps on a hot, clear, moonless night when our attention was attracted by what appeared to be a bright star getting brighter. It was motionless, in the Northwest. After maybe 30 seconds it started to dim and then began to move to the Northwest. It turned red and then slowly traveling slower than an airliner passing. Then, it was sort of tremendous speed and vulnerable. It was mainly the speed - that convinced me that the light was not conventional.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

A later-talked to a radar man who said I should report it because Fort Monmouth have radar scanning the area involved. Also, he stated that there are many unexplained radar pick-ups and it is helpful to have them confirmed visually.

If this sighting was of a UFO it should be confirmed by the records of the radar stations at Monmouth or perhaps Newark airport. The light, or object, was in sight long enough to be spotted.

My firm is on a heavily traveled air base where airlines are climbing and descending, so they are probably under radar searching.

I am glad these things are being studied because if they are real and passed the apparent powers we don't have, they could be a U.F.O., menace or a source of great knowledge.

I am interested with the Air Force records that indicate I saw a conventional performance and silent ridge it.

Page 10 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 8 -

11 MAY 1956

Mr. [redacted]
NITROGEN DIVISION
Allied Chemical and Dye Corporation
40 Rector Street
New York 6, New York

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is in acknowledgement of your letter of May 7, 1956.

Your report of your unidentified sighting has been forwarded to The Air Technical Intelligence Center, Dayton, Ohio, for investigation and evaluation.

As you know, any aerial phenomena, so long as it remains unidentified, is treated as a potential threat to the United States.

Your initiative and prompt action is greatly appreciated.

Sincerely,

FRANK B. CHAPPELL
Colonel, USAF
Directorate of Intelligence

cc: ATIC


- page 9 -

Nitrogen Division
ALLIED CHEMICAL & DYE CORPORATION
40 RECTOR STREET
NEW YORK 6, N.Y.

May 7, 1956

United States Air Force Headquarters
Unidentified Flying Objects Project
Pentagon Building
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I would like to report an unusual aerial sighting. Saturday evening, April 28th, at approximately 8:30 p.m., my wife and I were sitting on our front porch steps in semi-darkness when we were attracted by what appeared to be a bright star getting brighter. For more than ten seconds its light increased to a white brilliance, then it began to dim to a medium dull red.

This observance was casual until the light started to move from east to west. A transport aircraft bound for New York was passing in the same line of sight at a few thousand feet altitude and was noted to be moving at a little more than double the speed of the light. The brightness of the light diminished after about 30 seconds of travel and it became dull red. Then its movement accelerated to what must have been enormous speed, considering the estimated high altitude. Then its light became faint as it wobbled and disappeared. The elapsed time from first noting the growing brightness of the light did not amount to more than three minutes.

Lacking any equipment to record this phenomenon, I immediately drew a map of the sky as it was at the time of the occurrence. The enclosed map also details the movement of the light and other estimates which may help locate the area of the odd sighting.

As to credibility, I can offer the fact that aviation was my business throughout the late war. I was a technical representative for Lockheed Overseas Corp. and Curtiss-Wright Corp. in England and Europe. Also, I was a scientific consultant to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Technical Industrial Intelligence Committee, that evaluated German aviation development after the end of the European war in 1945. I have a Certificate of Appreciation from the Army for this.

Speaking from this background, I can assure you that the aerial object was not an aircraft of any revealed type and it was not a meteor nor a comet. I have always been skeptical about these things until now and decided to write only after I talked with a radar man.

X


- page 10 -

U. S. Air Force Headquarters
Unidentified Flying Objects Project

May 7, 1956

I am sure that if what we saw was a solid body, it would have appeared on Metropolitan ten area radar screens. The viewing was from Old Bridge, New Jersey, about 50 miles from New York City.

Yours sincerely,

JDWsep
encl.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

N

No distinguished
stars in this
area of sky.

Med. bright
steps

Travel

faint
dull

changed to
med. red

Object first
sighted here
not at least
brit. white

Very bright
star
(Venus?)

Evening was hot,
and exceptionally
clear.

Tree
tops

Newark airport 40 mi. NW
Fort Monmouth 20 mi SE
Old Bridge, N.J.

At route to Newark &
Lakehurst, passing directly
over reservoir.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY

424/M/Sgt Oliver D. Hill/4th-OFFICE OF RECORD
69216

24 MAY 1956

Nitrogen Division
Allied Chemical and Dye Corporation
40 Rector Street
New York 6, New York

Dear Mr.

Your letter of 7 May 1956 addressed to USAF Headquarters has been received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center for analysis and investigation.

However, the information submitted by you concerning the sighting is insufficient upon which to initiate any investigative action or to definitely identify the object reported.

Enclosed is the USAF Technical Information Sheet which you may accomplish and return to us for further action.

Attached for your information is the "U.S. Air Force Summary of Events and Information Concerning the Unidentified Flying Objects" and the USAF News Release.

You may be assured that your interest in this matter is greatly appreciated.

Sincerely,

WALLACE W. ELWOOD
1st Lt. USAF
Assistant Adjutant

Incls:
1. USAF Tech Info Sheet
2. USAF Summary
3. USAF News Release/Jst


- page 13 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusion, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Sept 28th Night 1956

2. Time of day: 8:00 30
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Rd. Old Bridge N.J.
Additional remarks: In the country, no city lights, open view of sky - no city lights at street lights.

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: appr. 3 Minutes

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

8. IF you saw this object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes    b. No    c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes    No    Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):    a. Solid?    b. Transparent?    c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No

e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope    Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound:        NO SOUND
    b. Color:        Very bright white then dimmed to red & dull red

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
    Hard to say - shape of a bright except for roundness.
    Whoosh!
    Speed like a green bullet

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):    a. Fuzzy or blurred
                    b. Like a bright star
                    c. Sharply outlined
                    d. Don't remember

    (The option "Like a bright star" is circled)

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

    (This section is left blank)


- page 16 -

