PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
15 July 1956

2. LOCATION
San Bernardino, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 11:00

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XGround-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15-30 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
north

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Observer reported he was lying on grass taking pictures with new camera. Object shaped object passed in view only one picture taken for he observed. His 1st in analysis looks over-disappeared to the north. Silver gray or metallic in color. No sound. First observed approximately 500 yards (1500feet) away. Reference: ATIC-01-56 27 Air Division 5 August 1956

11. COMMENTS
Analysis of negative and numerous blow-ups of photo of various densities disclosed 1 slender shadows across diameter of saucer with 1/2 of the object in shadows. This unusual for object almost 1/4 of a mile away and in mid air. Also, all objects in picture clear, sharp and in focus except object which is very blurred and apparently very near camera lens.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☒Other: Looks
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ltr. ATIC, Subj: Analysis of UFO Report, EN-01-56

slender wire lines between these two points are all clear and in sharp focus, in contrast to the object which is somewhat fuzzy and indistinct in outline.

f. Photo analysis strongly suggests that the out-of-focus, indistinct appearance of the object is not caused by any apparent motion through space, but because of its very close proximity to the camera. As any optical experiment will show, an object will appear lighter in color as it recedes into the distance. The object here, alleged to be approximately 2000 feet or over one-third of a mile away, is as dark or darker than any object in the field of view.

g. The direction of the light and shadows on the object does not appear to be consistent with that of the surrounding objects, as a study of all the photographs attached indicates.

h. A magnification of the image into three different densities reveals an object just inside the left edge of the print and on the object which resembles a thumb or some odd protuberance.

i. The opinion submitted in the IR that the sighting may have been caused by a "temperature inversion" cannot be remotely considered as creating the optical phenomena i.e. the object. While such inversion can create surface objects or blips on radar scopes, the object shown here is a dark, solid, tangible one and against a fairly clear sky. Optical phenomena created by unusual weather or temperature conditions and inversion usually tend to blend in, or have the general coloration or hue of, the sky or cloud formation which they are a part of.

4. In view of the foregoing, the opinion of this Center is that the photographs strongly suggest a hoax; and typical of the many 16 receives, resulting in a considerable waste of government time, money, and man-power in the investigations and analysis required.

5. In accordance with established policies for providing field units and related agencies with guidance and assistance on UFO matters, suggest the following be considered in the investigation of this type UFO photograph:

a. Investigative and interviewing personnel "mentally" frame or study the immediate area and surroundings shown within the UFO photograph.

2


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

HQ/Capt G.T.Gregory/ltc
69216

Ltr, ATIC, Subj: Analysis of UFO Report, IR-01-56

b. Exact time of the exposure, if possible. This will assist in determining the sun's position at that time and whether the sun was out among other factors, statements of the source to the contrary notwithstanding, as our case files often disclose.

c. The direction and angle of elevation which the camera was facing. Not given in AF 112.

d. The type, make, lens size of the camera, shutter speed, and exposure settings used. In all cases, where the source states he does not know what "f" stop or speed used, the minimum and maximum scale of these camera gradients should be obtained, and given in the AF 112.

e. Type of film used.

f. Where an object is not shown in mid air, as in this case, determine whether any object or means just outside the picture area could have been used to support the supposedly "flying saucer," such as overhanging tree limb, post, red inserted in the ground, etc.

g. Consider the source's age (35, in this case), in this opinion or interest regarding "flying saucers," whether any motion pictures having this subject as their theme were recently shown in his location; and whether he has done any extensive reading on "flying saucers" books. This information can only be determined at the source location, and is pertinent as supplementary data for formulating sound conclusions. There are at the present time 10 to 15 science-fiction motion pictures, and almost 20 books dealing with "flying saucers." Investigators must consider the impressionable characteristics, and the influence of such media on one of source's age.

h. Refer to AFR 200-2, "Intelligence Photography," for guidance on collection involving photography, with specific reference to paragraph 137 and Appendix C. This manual is also used by investigative units of the Army, Navy and FBI.

1 Incl
4 prints w/neg.

Copy furnished:
Cmdr Hq, 27th Air Div. (Def)
Norton AF Base, California


- page 3 -

HEADQUARTERS
4602D AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON (ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ENT AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO

AI50C

11 December 1956

SUBJECT: Negative of UFOB

TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
ATTN: APOIN 1484
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

1. Enclosed is a letter from Commander, 27th Air Division (DEF), Norton AFB, California, forwarded for your information and appropriate action.

2. The subject negative was recently forwarded to your organization attached to the UFOB Index Card for AISS-UFOB-469-56.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

1 Incl
Ltr fr Comdr 27th AD
w/1 Incl

CHARLES W. GOSSEY
Captain, USAF
Assistant Adjutant


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
27TH AIR DIVISION, (DEFENSE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Norton Air Force Base, California

2701

SUBJECT: Negative of UFOB

TO:   Commander
       Air Defense Command
       Ent Air Force Base
       Colorado

1. Reference is made to Air Intelligence Information Report (Form 112) No. TR-01-56, dated 8 August 1956, with source: San Bernardino, California. A photographic negative of the United Flying Object was attached to this report. A specific request was made in the report to the effect that this negative should be returned to the source at the address given in the report. At the time of the initial investigation, the observer was reluctant to give up the negative and did so only upon the express assurances of the reporting officer that subject negative would be returned as soon as possible. As of this date, subject negative has not been returned as requested; the source is now concerned about the possibility of never receiving this negative.

2. On 14 October 1956, an article appeared in the "Aviation Week" column of the Los Angeles Examiner newspaper based upon the possible significance of the San Bernardino UFOB negative belonging to [redacted]. This article has been clipped from the newspaper and is attached to this letter.

3. It is possible that considerable publicity adverse to the best interests of the Air Force could result from this situation if subject negative is not returned to the "source" as soon as practicable.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

1 Incl
Newspaper Clipping

[Signature]


- page 5 -

484/Sgt O.D. Hill/vm
69216

AFOIN-484

SUBJECT: (U) Negative of UFOB

TO:   Commander
       27th Air Division (Defense)
       ATTN: Major J.M. Ahlstrom
       Norton AFB, California

1.  Reference is made to your letter dated 5 December 1956, 
concerning the return of UFOB negative to source.

2.  Enclosed herewith are copies of reply to source and to the 
27th Air Division (Defense) with regard to subject UFOB negative. 
This section was completed by the Air Technical Intelligence Center 
as of 10 December 1956.

3.  In regards to paragraphs 2 and 3 of your letter, you are 
quite right in that this type of publicity could very well be 
adverse to the Air Force. Thank you for the clipping. You may 
be assured that this incident will be brought to the attention of 
the D/F.

2 Encls
1. Cy of ltr to 27th AD
2. Cy of ltr to Mr. Savage


- page 6 -

COVER SHEET

ORIGIN OF BASIC
4602d AISS, Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

DATE
11 December 56

TYPE
Letter

SUBJECT
Negative of UFOB

ROUTING
[Routing table with columns for IN/OUT and various office codes]

TO:
AFOIN-X, Lt Col Green

FROM:
AFOIN-484

DATE
27 December 56

COMMENT NO.
1

COMMENTS:

1. Enclosed herewith is complete case file on subject UFO sighting for your information and necessary action.

2. Regarding the statement purported to have been made by PRO, this office was not contacted at any time in relation to report on action taken.

3. Accordingly, it is requested that positive action be taken to bring to the attention of Mr. Tom Towers, that the negative, and prints therefrom, were processed, analyzed, and the results made known to source, Mr. [name], on 10 Dec 56. For your information, it should be pointed out that Mr. Towers was the individual cast in the leading role of the controversial documentary film produced by Green Rouse Studios "UFO". The implications in not informing Mr. Towers are therefore obvious.

4. Request case file be returned to AFOIN-484 for retention in our files.

2 Incls
1. Ltr fr 4602d AISS w/Incl
2. Case file

[Signature of Robert E. O'Connor, Capt, USAF]


- page 7 -

AFOIN-434

SUBJECT: Copy, Analysis of UFO Sighting, IR-01-56.

TO: Commander
    27th Air Division (Defense)
    Headquarters (ADC)
    ATTN: Maj J. W. Walstrom
    Norton Air Force Base, California

1. Attached herewith for your information and guidance is a copy of the analysis made of a photographic or unidentified flying object, reported by your organization per Air Intelligence Information Report, IR-01-56, dated 8 August 1956. Also attached are three copies of the original prints.

2. In accordance with instructions submitted in subject IR, the relatives and prints, together with pertinent portions of the attached analysis and comments, were forwarded to source of subject sighting.

2 Incls
1. Cy, ltr to USAAF AIS,
    subj: Analysis of UFO Rpt
2. 3 prints

[Handwritten note at bottom partially illegible]

Note:
Commd


- page 8 -

Case 174, San Bernardino, Cal., July 19, 56 - In San Bernardino readers of the Daily Sun got an eyeful: in four columns was the story and a large photo of a saucer. AP carried a wirephoto which was printed in the Los Angeles Daily Mirror and The Times. Briefly, the story is centered around one 15-year-old son of a doctor. According to the Daily Sun, Michael's story ran like this: "I was lying on the grass in my backyard when suddenly a movement caught my eye. I turned to see a kind of a dish-shaped object not far away which was receding rapidly. Immediately on seeing it, I turned my camera and took a quick shot at it because of its strange shape. After taking the picture I tried to watch the object and crank my film at the same time. The result was that I overexposed the film and the next shot turned out to be a blank. The object did not disappear over the horizon, but seemed to shrink or dwindle as it disappeared. It was gone within 30 seconds after I spotted it."

Ed. (Michael at George AFB expressed interest in the photo and wanted to see negatives. Of interest also is the fact that the photo was taken on the same date as sightings over Kansas.) (See case 16, Aug., 1956)


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

14 Sec I, Part A Sun, Oct. 14, 1956 Los Angeles Examiner

Aviation News:

Stir in Hawthorne
Over Airport Deal
By TOM TOWERS
Aviation Editor

Reports that the city-owned Hawthorne Airport, might be sold to the Northrop Aircraft Company for use as a parking lot have caused some concern among private pilots and business firms now using the landing space on the premises.

If the deal goes through, it will reduce the active and available airports in metropolitan Los Angeles (the Airport and Orange Counties) to 13, with Mines Field (Los Angeles International) in operation and the airport in operation in the metropolitan area.

According to Hawthorne City Manager M. L. White, sale of the airport "probably will not take place before next year."

AIR FORCE REPORT—(Illegible text follows this heading)

The rest of the text continues but becomes increasingly illegible towards the bottom of the page. The article appears to be discussing a potential sale of Hawthorne Airport to Northrop Aircraft Company and the implications for local aviation.


- page 10 -

The text on this page is illegible. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with trees and what seems to be an unidentified flying object or disk-shaped object in the left side of the image, against a light background.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

10 DEC 1956

San Bernardino, California

Dear:

We are returning a negative and four prints of an unidentified flying object which you photographed on the 19th of July 1956. Four photographs and a report of the circumstances surrounding the observation was referred to this center for analysis by Air Force personnel who analyzed the matter.

Some of our comments, based on a photo analysis of the photographs and review of the information given by you to investigators, is outlined below for your information:

1. With a negative size of 2 9/16 by 1 11/16 inches, the focal length of the lens are assumed to be approximately 3 inches (75 mm). This is based on the general rule that the focal length is usually equal or larger than the diagonal of the negative area.

2. The image size of the object on the negative is 5/16 inch, overall or larger.

3. The distance of the object as given by the source in the report is estimated at 650 yards, i.e. 1950 feet. On this basis of the focal length, the object would then be approximately two-thirds the size of a football field, or over 200 feet in diameter.

4. An object of such size appearing over a populated city or area of California would certainly have been noticed, and reported, by a large number of persons. No reports on UFOs were received for this particular day or area.

5. A study of the photographs shows that the foliage in the foreground, the leaves on the tree in the background, and the two slender wire lines between these two points are all clear and in sharp focus. In contrast to this, the object appears fuzzy and indistinct in outline.

6. Close analysis strongly suggests that the out-of-focus, indistinct appearance of the object is not caused by any apparent motion through space, but because of its very close proximity to

PERM
TEMP
90 DAYS
INITIAL

AF FORM 144 (REV 20 FEB 56)    ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET    AF-WP-G-29 M3


- page 12 -

19 July 1956

San Bernardino
California

Evaluation

Data Mssf/

[Note: There are large black redaction marks in the middle of the document that obscure text]


- page 13 -

No Case (Information Only)                                1 or 2 July 1956
                                                                   Bromley, Kentucky

Case 163, Bromley, Ky., July 1 or 2, 1956—The sighters, Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] are not sure of the date, but they are certain they saw a huge glowing object about a quarter the size of the moon shining through their bedroom window about 3 a.m. Both were awakened at the same instant by the intense yellow glow and Mr. [redacted] estimated that it was about 30 degrees above the horizon. To him it appeared round and self-luminous. Reassuring himself he was not being deceived by Mars or a bright star, he watched again, same time, the following night, but saw nothing.


- page 14 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   8 July 1956
                                                                   Little Rock, Arkansas

1956, July 8-Little Rock, Arkansas-Great "Balls-of-Fire" attack the 12-room home of the Prather Family. Said to be Lightning, but it lasted for three whole minutes. Neighbors said the house appeared to be "a sheet of flame" with balls of fire popping out the windows. "It looked like someone was shooting big Roman-Candles right over our heads," said one of the Family who was inside at the time... (Well...???)


- page 15 -

No Case   (Information Only)                                10 July 1956
                                                                    Washington, Indiana

Case 172, Washington, Indiana, July 10, 1956—Frank Edwards of WTTV, Indianapolis sent CRIFO the following item which appeared in the Washington Daily Times:

The observers have withheld their identity for "obvious reasons". We quote thus: "It all started at 3:40 a.m. when I stepped and awoke from a deep slumber. As I opened my eyes and looked out of the window I saw this bright, star-like object moving in a fast direction. Suddenly it stopped dead still. I awakened my wife. I pointed it out to her by aligning a nearby stone's neighbor's chimney. The object had a bluish cast and appeared to pulse—it was brighter than most stars. I focused binoculars on the object and made it out quite clearly. It consisted of eight lights. One bright light in the hub with two smaller ones on each side of the hub in all four directions of the compass. Then there were two smaller lights are spaced to the furthest of the hub and one to the southwest. The center light was brighter than the rest and emitted a pulsating light that would change from red to blue and blue to red. All the lights would pulsate in unison, causing a twinkling effect although all of the other lights except the hub remained black. Finally it started moving again toward the east, made a semi-circle and stopped. Vanished again. The sky was getting lighter and the stars disappeared but the object remained as clear as before at 5:15 a.m. the object began to climb higher and moved off in a southwesterly direction.


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

U. F. O. Seen Early This Morning Over Washington

(Editor Note: This is an incident that happened locally early this morning. It is related in exact detail although the observer with that their true identity be withheld because of obvious reasons. We present it to our readers as a true happening but they, naturally, are entitled to draw their own conclusions.)

Today I will have to admit I have been converted to the rapidly growing number of people who have seen U.F.O.'s (Unidentified Flying Objects.) On two other occasions I have seen this same type of "light", resembling a star, moving across the sky at lower altitudes, but early this morning, one stepped and wavered for 1 hour and 35 minutes — long enough to observe it carefully.

It all started at 3:40 a.m. when I sneezed and awoke myself from deep slumber. As I opened my eyes and looked out of the window I saw this "bright, star-like object" as a great height, moving in the east direction. It moved much slower than a comet and faster than an airplane. I got out of bed and started watching it. Then I stopped, dead still. I awakened my wife and she sleepily, peering into the sky, studied sky. "There," she asked, "I don't see anything."

I pointed it out to her by almost directly above a neighbor's chimney. Then she saw it too.

The UFO looked so much like a bright star that it was quite difficult to make out unless one had seen it moving across the sky. Here it stopped, it had a bright glow and appeared to pulsate or twinkle like a true star. The only difference between its appearance and that of a star was that it was brighter than most stars.

I told my wife to keep watching the object and I searched for my binoculars. They are quite powerful and with them I have often observed the motions and craters on the moon.

I focused my binoculars on the object and was successful in marking its outline quite clearly. It consisted of eleven lights. One bright light was the hub with two smaller ones on each side of the hub in all four directions of the compass. Then there were two smaller lights, one spaced to the northeast of the hub and one to the southwest of the hub. The center light was brighter than the rest and emitted a pulsating light that would change from blue and blue to red. All of this was quite clearly visible in almost perfect focus.

(This is an artist's conception of the way the U.F.O. appeared against dark sky.)

+ + + + + + + + + +

causing a twinkling effect although all of the other lights except the hub remained bluish.

"Finally it started moving again toward the east, made a semicircle and stopped motionless again, changing its relation to the stars where it had been seen previously. All the while I observed the object through the binoculars and wondered who in the world I could telephone about the U.F.O. while finally I gave up and went back to bed only after observing it through the binoculars and wires its movement.

"I continued to observe the object. The sky was getting lighter and finally all of the stars disappeared — but the bright object remained as clear as before. It was not light enough to make out any sort of outline, only the formation of the lights. At fifteen minutes to 6 a.m. the object began to climb higher and higher. It was a gathering light and the birds were starting. Traffic was moving on a nearby highway and the roar of cars and trucks were quite audible. All the while the object climbed slowly and moved off in a southeast sky and moved off in a starless morning sky."

"I went back to bed to catch a few winks wondering if anyone else had been watching this same object."

"I personally believe that this is some sort of secret flying object of the U.S.A., so maneuverable that it can fly in any direction or hover in a stationary position and yet be so well camouflaged that to the casual observer, it is only a star."

"Others wonder if it could be a secret flying object from another country or even another planet."

THE WASHINGTON DAILY TIMES, Washington, Indiana


- page 17 -

No Case (Information Only)                                10 July 1956
                                                        Cincinnati & Northern Ky.

Case 164, Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky, July 10, 1956—Two Cincinnatians witnessed a circular object "lit up like a lantern" pacing an air transport plane heading for Boone County Airport, Kentucky. They said the object was bigger and brighter than the landing lights shown by the aircraft, and when the plane landed the object continued its course, then swerved and blinked out. Both sighters had been skeptical of saucers, but were changing their minds.


- page 18 -

No Case (Information Only)                                14 July 1956
                                                                   Gary, Indiana

Case 173, Gary, Indiana, July 14, 1956—Said the Gary
Post Tribune in part: "... The brilliant stranger appeared
high in the southeastern sky, was visible for more than an
hour and then moved into 'the infinity' of the south. ...
Five substantial citizens of Gary saw it and were 'en-
thralled and amazed.' According to the Post Tribune one
of the sighters, August Harnett said it was 'as a beautiful
jewel. He described it as big as a full moon and that it
seemed to have a bright white light in its center. He
added, 'the outer edges could have been dotted with
rubies it was so brilliant.'" At 12:45 a.m. (Saturday)
Barnett called the civil defense director, Paul Sandwalk
and told him to look. According to the Post Tribune,
Bardowski saw it too and reported it to the Air Defense
Command at Truax Field.

P.S. The Post Tribune dispatched an artist's conception of the "jewel"
over Gary and there is a striking similarity to other sightings in
the UFO area just preceding this and previously in the Washington,
D.C. July Times. Both Harnett and Bardowski saw the craft.
                                                Frank Edwards WLW Cincinnati


- page 19 -

GARY POST TRIBUNE SUNDAY JULY 15TH 1956

Saucer or Jewel? Sky Visitor A Mystery
Bright Light Seen
On Gary Horizon

Stays for Hour,
Moves to South

By GEORGE BRAY
Gary had a mysterious visitor early Saturday morning, and "weather permitting" it was not. Don't argue with those who did.

The brilliant stranger appeared high in the southeast sky for an hour and then moved into the south, leaving behind cone-shaped, glowing and now vanished object to the puzzled populace.

Five persons saw it! First, I know now how these others viewed it. They include Charles Hanak of 1506 Buchanan and his wife.

I know now how these others viewed it. They include Charles Hanak of 1506 Buchanan and his wife.

They didn't call it a flying saucer - it was strong as those being used by Mr. Barcroft but I can see plainly enough, the girl described it.

"It was big as a full moon to me," one viewer shared. Another said "a bright white light in its one end that the other could have been dotted with radium."

He said he was on his way home at 12:30 a.m. when his attention was called to the phenomenon by Mr. and Mrs. Karl M. Larsen of 1400 Broadway.

They were on the porch watching it. I wouldn't have seen it if they hadn't pointed it out to me and asked me to look. They can tell you more about it if you ask them.

But neither Mr. nor Mrs. Larsen was available for comment.

All right then, said my son Karl, he came along about 12:13 and watched it with us.

The rest of the text is partially illegible or cut off at the bottom of the page.

The image contains a dark, somewhat blurry photograph of what appears to be a circular or oval-shaped object in the sky, with a bright center point.


- page 20 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
Source: Fawcett

19 July 1956
Wichita, Kansas

On July 19, 1956 the same aerial phenomena appeared on film over San Bernardino, California and over Wichita, Kansas.


- page 21 -

20 - 31 JULY 1956 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                           OBSERVER           EVALUATION

20       Terre Haute, Indiana (CASE MISSING) Civilian          Balloon
20-22    Guatemala                          Civ Press Hqts    Astro (METEOR)
21        Auburn, California                                  Aircraft
22        Challenge, California                               Insufficient Data
22        Md of Monterey, Calif (Pacific) PAA Airlines         Astro (METEOR)
22        Lake Port, California                                Astro (METEOR)
22        Seattle, Washington                                 Balloon
23        Hollywood, California                               Astro (METEOR)
23        Alpena, Michigan                                    Balloon
23        Oakland, Arkansas                                   Astro (SPICA)
23        Pensacola, Florida (CASE MISSING)   Civilian         Aircraft
23        San Antonio, Texas                 City & Mill       Aircraft
24        Pretoria, South Africa             Press (PHOTO/NR)  Other (HOAX)
25        Brasilia, New Mexico (CASE MISSING) Civilian         Astro (VENUS)
26        Atlantic 43.12N 49.30W                               Astro (METEOR)
26        Macon, Georgia (CASE MISSING)       Civil Airlines   Astro (METEOR)
27        Mechanicsburg, Ohio                                  Balloon
27        Dayton, Ohio                                         Balloon
27        Brooklyn, New York                                   Aircraft
28        Carlton, Wisconsin                                   Astro (VENUS)
28        Cadillac, Michigan                 Multi (Vis & RADAR) Astro (VENUS)
28        Ocala, Florida                                       Balloon
28        Columbus, Ohio (CASE MISSING)       Civilian         Insufficient Data
28        Meriden, Connecticut                                 Insufficient Data
28        Syracuse, Michigan                                   Balloon
28        Vancouver, B.C. Bellingham, Wash. (CASE MISSING)     Balloon
         Puget Isle, Maine                                     Astro (VENUS)
         New York, N.Y.                                        Insufficient Data
         Indianapolis, Ind.                                    Balloon
         Jacksonville, Fla.                                    Astro (VENUS)
         San Diego, Calif.                                     Other (GROUND LIGHT)
31        Angus, Texas                                         Aircraft
31        Syncrude, Florida                                    Balloon
31        Syracuse, Georgia                                    Aircraft
31        Carrollton, Ohio                                     Other (HOAX)
31        Castillo, Texas                                      Other (ARTILLERY FIRING)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                             SOURCE            EVALUATION

20      SF Kansas                            Newscliping       
22      Milpas, California                   Newscliping       
22      San Joaquin Valley, California        Newscliping       
22      Marin, California                    Newscliping       
24      Plymouth, Ohio                       Newscliping       
26      Lowell, Massachusetts                Newscliping       
28      Redwood, California                  Newscliping       
28      Oak Hills, California                Newscliping


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

As any optical experiment will show, an object will appear lighter in color as it recedes into the distance. The object here, alleged to be approximately 2000 feet or over one-third of a mile away, is as dark or darker than any object in the field of view.

7. The distortion of the light and shadows on the object do not appear to be consistent with that of the surrounding objects, as study of air photos attached indicates.

8. Magnification of the image into three different densities reveals an object just inside the left edge of the print and the object which resembles a thumb or some odd protuberance.

Your interest in this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,

ROBERT E. O'CONNOR
Captain, USAF
Assistant Adjutant

Incl:
3 Prints w/mg

The document appears to be a routing and coordination sheet with various file classification codes on the left side.


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Handwritten at top left: "Witness"]

[Stamped date: -9 JUL 1956]

NNNN WPA°38 YD5002 TY8°35 TYA°26NYA°10
PP RJEDEN RJEDWP RJEPHQ RJEPNP
DE RJEPNY 12
P 0905532
FM HQ 26TH ADIV ROSLYN AFS NY
TO RJEDEN/COMDR ADC ENT AFS COLORADO
RJEDWP/COMDR AIR TECH INTEL CEN WRIGHT PATTERSON AFS OHIO
RJEPHQ/DIR OF INTEL HQ USAF WASH 25 DC
RJEPNB/COMDR DET 3 4662ND AISS STEWART AFS NY
RJEPNB/COMDR FLT 3 4662ND AISS STEWART AFS NY
INFO RJEPNP/COMDR EADF STEWART AFS NY
BT
/UNCLASSIFIED/CITE NBR 4698. ATTN: CIC EADF. SUBJ: UFOB.

1. (A)   RED CHANGING TO WHITE BACK TO RED
   (B)   N/A
   (C)   RED AND WHITE
   (D)   1
   (E)   N/A
   (F)   N/A
   (G)   N/A
   (H)   N/A
   (I)   LATER BECAME TWO SEPERATE LIGHTS ONE RED ONE WHITE


- page 24 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

HQ 27th Air Division (Defense)    IDCIL-56    Page 2 of 3

I. SOURCE:
Address: San Bernardino, California
Age: 15 years
Occupation: Student
Education: 9th Grade
Qualifications: None

II. RELIABILITY: Good. In a personal interview, appeared to be sincere and positive in all his statements. He was calm and completely relaxed and rational in his thinking of the subject.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: Source was lying on the grass in the backyard of his home looking southwest when a strange white or silver object appeared to the left. The single disk-shaped object was receding rapidly from approximately 500 yards to the North of position of source. Source took a picture (Refer Incl 1, 1st Ind).

This third paragraph continues with details about the object's movement, describing how it seemed to drift or disappear directly away from the source, and providing additional observations about its appearance, size, and color.

The final paragraph describes weather conditions at the time of sighting: warm, hot, dry, with a slight breeze. The source had no explanation for the object and did not believe it to be a balloon.

At the bottom, there are notes about the number of copies and distribution instructions.


- page 25 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

PART TWO

SUPPLEMENTARY INVESTIGATIVE REPORT:

1. An interview was conducted on 27 July 1956 and photograph negative of object was obtained on 29 July 1956 (See Incl A, PARC 0815 of this report).
Note: Source requests the return of this negative upon completion of analysis.

2. Capt. E. Bostick, Operations Plans, Air Force Flight Test Center, Edwards Air Force Base, California was questioned as to the possibility of test aircraft in the vicinity at the time of sighting with possible results of experimental aircraft. He was of the opinion that base was not sighting.

3. Detachment 7, 4th Weather Group, Norton Air Force Base was contacted and the following information was obtained:

a. Two (2) temperature inversions were noted on the 18th of July 1956 at the Los Angeles Weather Gp.

(1) Inversion at 1,920-2,242 feet between 1,000 feet at 46.0° and
3,200 feet at 229° light cloud deck observed

(2) A double inversion existed at 12,000 feet July 1956. The first between 500 feet at 270° and 1,300 feet at 36.5°C and the second between 8,000 feet at 13° C and 9,000 feet at 11° C. Winds during these inversions following:

[The rest of the document contains tables with altitude, wind direction, and wind speed data]


- page 26 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

47th Air Division (Defense)    13-01-56

Estimated Speeds:
9,000
10,000
15,000
20,000
25,000
30,000
35,000
40,000
50,000

Surface Winds recorded at Norton Air Force Base were as follows:

Time        Wind Direction    Wind Speed
(Z)         (in degrees)      (in knots)

192128 Jul 56    250           20
192229 Jul 56    255           12
192228 Jul 56    255           32
200307 Jul 56    253            5
200228 Jul 56    250            6


- page 27 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Hq 2782 Air Ogp.base (Advance)    15 Jul 54    PAGE 3    OF 3

PART TWO:

COMMENTS OF THE PREPARING OFFICER:

1. It is the opinion of the preparing officer that the temperature inversion investigation which was recorded at Los Angeles (Refer to par 3b, PART TWO of this report) could have moved to the area of sighting for a possible optical phenomena solution to this sighting.

Charles R. Hardin mst
for JOHN H. KELSEY
Major, USAF
Dir of Intelligence


- page 28 -

AFOIN-124

SUBJECT: Analysis of UFO Report, IR-01-56

TO: Commander
4602d Air Intelligence Service Squadron (ADC)
Ent Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. Reference 4602d AISS UFOB Report Nr. 469, originally submitted under AF Form 112, IR-01-56, from Headquarters, 27th Air Division, 8 August 1956.

2. Attached hereto is a negative and photograph of an unidentified flying object photographed by source, over San Bernardino, California on 19 July 1956. Also appended are three "contrast" print enlargements of varying densities used in the analysis of the object photographed.

3. Comments of this Center, on the basis of a review of the information submitted and a photo analysis of the photo material submitted, are as follows:

a. With a negative size of 2 9/16 by 1 11/16 inches, the focal length of the lens are assumed to be approximately 3 inches (75 -f). This is based on the general rule that the focal length is usually equal or larger than the diagonal of the negative size.

b. The image size of the object on the negative is 5/16 inch, over-all size.

c. The distance of the object as given by the source in the report is estimated at 600 yards, i.e. 1800 feet. On the basis of the focal length, the object would then be approximately two-thirds the size of a football field, or over 200 feet in diameter.

d. An object of such size appearing over a populated city or area of California would certainly have been noticed, and reported by a large number of persons. No reports on UFOs were received for this particular day or area.

e. A study of the photograph shows that the foliage in the foreground, the leaves on the tree in the background, and the two


- page 29 -

