PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
12 September 1956

2. LOCATION
Buffalo, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 13/0925Z
GMT: 13/0925Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Visual ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐Yes
☒No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
One hour

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
bobbing up and down

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object round, larger than a star. Color yellow. Object was bobbing up and down, was quite low. One A/C scrambled negative results.

11. COMMENTS
Positional data not included object stationary. A/C scrambled for identification. No object in area. Sighting characteristic of astro body, such as star or planet.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐Was Balloon
☐Probably Balloon
☐Possibly Balloon
☐Was Aircraft
☐Probably Aircraft
☐Possibly Aircraft
☒Was Astronomical/Star/planet
☐Probably Astronomical
☐Possibly Astronomical
☐Other:
☐Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   6 September 1956
                                                                                       Mainz, Germany

1956, Sept. 6 Mainz, Germany-10:30pm(Central European Time)-A Bell-Shaped saucer seen crossing sky from Cassiopeia to Mars and there diminishing in size and vanishing! It glowed a dark-red, changing to orange. It was about the size of Mars. Viewed for about 50 seconds, by Herr & Frau Koenig...


- page 2 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   7 September 1956
                                                                                       Burlington, Wisconsin

Case 211; Burlington, Wisc., Sept. 7, 1956—Several residents called the sheriff's office Friday afternoon after they saw a UFO traveling eastward at a high rate of speed. Coast Guard observers at the Wind Point Station also saw the object. They tentatively identified it as a weather balloon, but said they knew of no agencies in the area which launched such balloons.


- page 3 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   7 September 1956
                                                                                       Twin Falls, Idaho

Case 212, Twin Falls, Idaho, Sept. 7, 1956—Said the Idaho Falls Post Register: "A Twin Falls attorney reported that a flying saucer swooped down on his ranch and apparently made one 'whirling ground circle'. S. L. Rayburn reported this story to the sheriff's office. I was at my ranch about 40 miles south of here when I saw a strange object about 200 feet in diameter flying overhead. It had a whirling effect on top and gave off an orange glow. It came in fast overhead and swooped to the ground near a spot where a 400-pound whiteface steer was standing. Then the object sped off like a streak of light and the steer was gone." Rayburn said two employees on the ranch, Joe and Dick Parker, also saw the object. He said no trace has been found of the steer.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

USAF TIS*

FLAMING RED SAUCER

Saints Preserve Us, I Had It In Me Mits, Then Poof!

MONEYMORE, Northern Ireland, Sept. 8—An Irishman named Thomas J. Hutchinson swore to police today that he captured a flaming red flying saucer—but it got away.

"I had difficulty in holding it down," he explained.

Hutchinson said the incident occurred one of the most intriguing County Derry cops have heard in years—perhaps this way:

He was sitting at home with his wife about noon yesterday when an object dropped from low clouds to the only piece of ground in the middle of a bog 200 yards from his front door.

He said "his" saucer was about three feet high and 18 inches in diameter.

"It was bright red," said Hutchinson, "with two dark red marks at the end and three dark red stripes. It had a saucer-shaped base."

The Hutchinsons watched the gadget for a few moments.

"I kicked it over," said the Irishman, "but it returned to its original position."

When he got down on his hands and knees to examine the baffling object more closely it started to spin.

He put a hammer lock on the saucer, but it was pretty powerful. "The police station," said Hutchinson, "was the only place for such a wicked-looking thing, so this, and I started to carry it there."

But on the way to the village of Loup, Hutchinson had to get through a thick hedge.

"I put the saucer down for a moment," he said, "and what do you think? It started spinning again."

Before he had time to throw himself on the queer-looking invader it rose quickly and disappeared into the rain laden clouds.

The cops at Loup called the Royal Air Force station at nearby Aldergrove.

The commander said the object did not belong to the RAF. When the police officer sergeant asked for his opinion as to what the gadget might have been, he replied: "I would not even hazard a guess."

A Saucerer's Apprentice
Odd Object Spins Away From Irish Captor

By the Associated Press

MONEYMORE, Northern Ireland, Sept. 8—An Irishman named Thomas J. Hutchinson swore to police today he captured a flaming red flying saucer—but it got away.

"I had difficulty in holding it down," he said.

Mr. Hutchinson said the incident happened this way:

He was sitting at home with his wife, Maud, about noon yesterday when an object from low clouds to the only piece of ground 200 yards from his front door.

He and his wife fished, across the bog and found the object lying motionless. It was egg-shaped, about three feet high and 18 inches in diameter.

"It was bright red," said Mr. Hutchinson, "with two dark red marks and three dark red stripes. It had a saucer-shaped base."

The Hutchinsons watched the gadget for a few moments.

"I kicked it over," said the Irishman, "but it returned to its original position."

When he got down on his hands and knees to examine the baffling object more closely it started to spin.

He put a hammerlock on it, but it was pretty powerful. "The police station," said Mr. Hutchinson, "was the only place for such a wicked-looking thing as this, and I started to carry it there."

But on the way to the village of Loup, Mr. Hutchinson had to get through a thick hedge.

"I put the saucer down for a moment," he said, "and what do you think? It started spinning again."

Before he had time to throw himself on the queer-looking invader it rose quickly and disappeared into the rain-laden clouds.

1956, Sept. Early-Ireland— Farmer says he almost captured a red, egg-shaped object that landed near his backyard. It SPUN out of his grip. (I read the REPORT on this, said a "Monitor" device)....bbc (Grey Barker)


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Couldn't Hold It--So Flyin' Saucer Got Away!

MONEYMORE, Northern Ireland, Sept. 8 (AP)--A "level-headed, God-fearing" Irish farmer says he was running to the police station with a captured flying saucer in his arms, but it escaped.

"I had difficulty in holding it down," Thomas Hutchinson said.

A Royal Air Force officer was skeptical.

Thomas Hutchinson said his wife Maud saw a flying saucer drop into a bog 200 yards from his front door.

It was saucer-shaped, about three feet high and 8 inches in diameter. Colored bright red, pulled my husband off his feet.

Thomas Hutchinson is "not the sort of man who would make up a flying saucer," the desk sergeant said.

SAW IT DROP:
Hutchinson said his wife Maud saw a flying saucer drop into a bog 200 yards from his front door.

He and his wife started for the police station but he put it down for a moment to negotiate a hedge. Mrs. Hutchinson continued the story:

"Then all of a sudden the monster rose and it nearly pulled my husband off his feet."

The Hutchinson farm is located in a bleak land near Loch Neagh, where Leprechauns have been sighted through the ages.

Sing Sing Reports Slump
Sing Sing authorities disclosed today that 117 offenders were booked at the prison during August and that this is the smallest monthly influx in some years. The average age was 43 less than received in July.

There It Was
In Me Mits,
Then Poof!!

MONEYMORE, Northern Ireland, Sept. 8--An Irishman named Thomas J. Hutchinson swore to police today that he captured a flaming red flying saucer--but it got away.

"I had difficulty in holding it down," he explained.

Hutchinson said the incident one of the most intriguing County Derry cops have heard in years--happened this way:

He was sitting at home with his wife Maud about noon yesterday when an object dropped from low clouds to the only dry piece of ground in the middle of a bog 200 yards from his front door.

He and his wife sloshed across the bog and found the object lying motionless. It was egg-shaped, about three feet high and 18 inches in diameter.

"It was bright red," said Hutchinson, "with two dark red marks at the end and three dark red stripes."

THE HUTCHINSONS watched the object for a few moments.

"I kicked it over," said the Irishman, "but it returned to its original position."

When he got down on his hands and knees to examine the baffling object more closely it started to spin.

He put a hammer lock on the saucer, but it was pretty powerful.

"The police station," said Hutchinson, "was the only place for such a wicked looking thing as this, and I started to carry it there."

But on the way to the village of Lough, Hutchinson had to get through a thick hedge.

"I put the saucer down for a moment," he said, "and what do you think? It started spinning again."

Before he had time to throw himself on the queer colored invader it rose quickly and disappeared into the rain laden clouds.

The cops at Loup called the Royal Air Force station at nearby Aldergrove.

The commander said the object did not belong to the RAF. When the police sergeant asked the Air Force officer for his opinion as to what the gadget might have been, he replied:

"I would not even hazard a guess."


- page 6 -

No Case (Information Only)

8 September 1956
Batavia, Ohio

Case 213, Batavia, Ohio, Sept. 8, 1956—Driving over Highway 132 at 9:30 a.m, Mrs. Harold Thomas, watched a round, tailless, wingless object, its color a dull silver. She did not stop her car but had the impression that it was motionless. No sound was audible, save that of her car's engine.


- page 7 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   8 September 1956
                                                                       Cincinnati, Ohio

Case 214, Cincinnati, Ohio, Sept. 8, 1956—A steady orange light, "brighter than Arcturus" was seen by a lone observer at 9:40 p.m. traversing 90 degrees of sky in about a minute. No sound.

Ed. Cases 213 and 214 are interesting in respect to the International Flying Saucer Sighting Day program which set aside the dates, June 30 and Sept. 8 for special observation. All sightings will be correlated by the editors of the British magazine Flying Saucer Review. See letter by Derek Dempster, June 1956 Orb.


- page 8 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   9 September 1956
                                                                       Cut Bank, Montana

Case 215, Cut Bank, Montana, Sept. 9, 1956.—The Great Falls Tribune reported that a moonlit, Don La Grande, saw a "bright blue light which went straight up, then down, then circled toward Great Falls." He said it moved at "tremendous speed". The Helena Filter Center said a Malmstrom AFB jet was dispatched to the Cut Bank area to identify "mysterious object" in the sky.


- page 9 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   9 September 1956
                                                                                       Florence, Kentucky

Case 216, Florence, Ky. Sept. 9, 1956—Jack Juelg and two witnesses, while parked in a drive-in theatre, observed an "extremely bright light" following another light, the latter of which was quickly identified as an aircraft. Curious, the trio watched the strange light and to their surprise, when the aircraft circled, the light followed to their own—then with a burst of speed shot straight away and disappeared. Soon another plane, easily identified, came into view—but to the astonishment of everyone, it was also being followed by the mysterious light. During this incident, the plane continued on a straight course, while the UFO, suddenly accelerating, cut off to the right. Then making a gradual circle, the unknown pursuer disappeared. Said Jack Juelg, "The most unusual thing I've ever seen."


- page 10 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   12 September 1956
                                                                       Aburiri, New Zealand

1956,Sept.12-Aburiri,New Zealand-Three UFOs high in the sky. First object was slow, small & white, and hovered occasionally. 1/2 hour after first object was sighted,2 more discs were seen by several, speeding southward... (Monitored Report)


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

1 Witness

13/0225-2     2J4416
                3-4X2a

13 SEP 56  14 26

HQ WGIC/PF174 THE 355THA/73
DIR RJDPN RJDPNP RJEPNR RJEPNR
DIR RJDPN 2T
1313157

COVER 7630 ACRON LOCKPORT AFS LOCKPORT NY
RJDPN/CODIR ADC HQ AFS COLORADO SPRINGS COLORADO
RJEPN/CODIR 3TW AD P WILLOW RUN AFS MICH
RJEPN/CODIR AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
ACPN/DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE HQ USAF WASHINGTON 25 D C
RJPN/CODIR RADF STEWART AFS PITTSBURGH PA

PLAYTIF


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No Case Information Only Hismore, California 12 September 1956

SIGHTINGS, SILENCE AND THE STATUS QUO

C. R. I. F. O.
The Official Publication of Center Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects

NOVEMBER 2, 1956

[Partial text continues, but some parts are difficult to read clearly]

CONTINUED FROM COL. 2

[The document appears to be a newsletter or report about UFO sightings, with text discussing various UFO-related observations and accounts, including mentions of specific sightings in Riverside, California involving an individual named Lewis]

The text includes discussions of UFO sightings, observations, and accounts from various sources, including newspaper reports and personal testimonies.

The bottom of the page has a note "CONTINUED IN COL. 1" handwritten.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case - Information Only                12 September 1956 New Orleans, Louisiana

C.R.I.F.O. ORBIT
The Official Publication of Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects

NOVEMBER 2, 1956                                                VOL. III-No. 9

SIGHTINGS, SILENCE AND THE STATUS QUO

[Much of the first paragraph is partially illegible, but appears to discuss UFO sightings]

Case 217, New Orleans, La. Sept. 12, 1956-Said the Times-Picayune, in part: "Jose Rodriguez, night watchman with Commercial Bolivarria Corp, reported four round lights. He said they started out in a 'Y' formation, stood still five to ten minutes, formed a vertical up and down position, then scattered toward the lake. Other reports were basically similar. Sometimes it was a diamond-shaped formation, sometimes other shapes. Some said the lights looked like stars. Others mentioned a long hazy trail." Added the Times-Picayune, "The air route traffic control center at New Orleans said the lights were simply aircraft from regional military bases on a routine training mission..."

Richard Hall writes: About 9:55 p.m. Jim Kincaid saw some motionless lights as bright as Mars from a parked car. Observed about 30° high and to the NE of the moon in the southwest. Observed for about a minute. Spectro and now returned. At about 10 p.m. while driving away, Jim heard newscaster that hundreds of calls had come in about objects above downtown buildings. He returned to his original parking place and the objects he had seen were gone.

[The rest of the text continues but is partially cut off or illegible]

The document appears to be a newsletter about UFO sightings, with details about a specific sighting in New Orleans on September 12, 1956.


- page 14 -

12 - 30 SEPTEMBER 1956 SIGHTINGS

[The document contains a table with three columns: "PLACE", "LOCATION", and "OBSERVER", and a third column "EVALUATION"]

The table lists numerous locations including:
- Naples, Florida
- Dayton, Ohio
- Stockton, California
- Highlands, North Carolina
- Vincennes, Indiana
- Altus, Oklahoma (CASE MISSING)
- New Castle, Delaware
- Floridaville, Crane, Vincennes, Indiana
- Pueblo, Colorado
- East Rochester, New Hampshire
- Ashford, Kent, England
- Iona, Island, New York
- Brooklyn, New York
- Albany, New York
- San Francisco, 131.19N (Pacific)
- Brooklyn, New York
- Ellwood, Pennsylvania
- St. Petersburg, Florida
- San Antonio, Texas
- Freeport, Michigan
- Dayton, Ohio
- Ft Collins, Colorado
- Pueblo, Colorado
- Cincinnati, Ohio
- Cumberland, Virginia
- Ft. Walton, California
- Hanover, Kansas (CASE MISSING)
- Brooks AFB, Texas
- Craig, Colorado
- Colorado Springs, Colorado
- Hancock, Maine
- Hamilton, Ohio
- Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
- West Palm Beach, Florida
- Ft Prescott, Arizona
- Milwaukee, Wisconsin
- Pales, Pennsylvania

At the bottom, there's a section titled "ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (10* CASES)" with additional locations including:
- El Paso, Texas
- Richmond, Indiana
- Cincinnati, Ohio
- Bloemfontein, Africa
- Lincolnshire, England
- St. Paul, Minnesota
- Williston, North Dakota
- Yorkshire, England

The "OBSERVER" column includes entries like United Airlines, Military, Multi, Civilian, and (PHYS S)

The "EVALUATION" column includes entries such as:
- Insufficient Data
- Astro (METOR)
- Balloon
- Unidentified
- Aircraft
- Astro (VENUS)
- Astro (STAR)
- Other (MEVOR RESIDUE)
- Astro (METEOR)
- Astro (CAPELL*)
- Astro (MARS)


- page 15 -

A. ROUND

B. BIGGER THAN A STAR
C. YELLOW
D. ONE
E. N/A
F. N/A
G. N/A
H. NONE

PAGE TWO QUERIED AT

(2) A. N/A
B. QUITE LOW
C. N/A
D. ONE MILE WEST OF NIAGARA FALLS, NY
E. N/A
F. ONE HOUR

(3) A. SECOND VISUAL
B. TELESCOPE
C. N/A

(4) A. 15 DEG SUP 55
B. NONE

(5) A. 416 THIRTHY ST. BUFFALO, NY

(6) A. [Partially obscured/blacked out text]


- page 16 -

AIR TECH INDEP 24

(1) A. NONE

B. 558 WATTS

C. 1955 FEET BOOKED

D. 5 K

E. 2 TENTHS

F. NONE

F. NONE

(2) A. NONE

(3) A. SUBJECT 14 T-55 A/C AT TIEIO, COULD NOT FIX ANYTHING.

(4) A. NONE

(5) A. 1/LT ROBERT C. BRANDT, AC 8-39353

1/1345TH SUP SQDRN


- page 17 -

No. Case (Information Only)

September 1956
Severall, Idaho

And another Texas paper, the Fort Worth Sunday News Texan (11/10) printed for the first time a photo-telephoto lens in September, 1956 by Officer William Van Dyke of the Idaho State Police, at Severall, Idaho (on the Utah border). It shows two distinct disc-shaped objects; and according to reports, they were taken over a spot where an automobile accident had taken place at the same time. The victims of the accident told State Police that they had been forced off the road by a "saucer." Their car was covered with a peculiar white substance, and an investigation was supposed to have been made. (We are checking this and hope to report more fully later.)


- page 18 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   3 September 1956
                                                                       Irvington, New Jersey

1956,Sept.3-New Jersey-9pmST-A huge, reddish-orange disk & a tiny white disk by four boys out to watch Mars with their Telescope. The tiny disk moved steadily to the west, where it grew very red before disappearing. The large disk hovered over a factory, 10 min. later...then 16 min swiftly south in a blaze of light... (Thank RM)

Case 207, Irvington, N.J. Sept. 3, 1956—Said the Newark Star-Ledger: Thomas Gann, private pilot, and Joseph Malenowski, both employees of RCA, reported seeing two mysterious objects while driving. Said Gann, "We saw a Piper cub at about 3000 feet altitude, coming in for a landing. Then we noticed two shimmering discs, hovering about 4000 feet higher than the plane. After a moment, they both went with incredible speed into space."


- page 19 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   3 September 1956
                                                                                       Norwood, Ohio

Case 208, Norwood, Ohio, Sept. 3, 1956—Eugene Kingman, flight radio operator in the Air Force during World War II, was coming down a ladder outside his home. Looking up he saw the sun and to his surprise, another object, colored orange which was stationary. Shortly, another object, bluish white came into view and passed near the orange object. With Kingman were two other observers, one a former skeptic of saucers. Together they watched the skies, then suddenly three more objects appeared all bluish white. These were joined in a triangular formation—the two in rear less intense in luminosity than the leader and according to Kingman, flew away from the motionless orange object, which was larger than the others. After innumerable minutes a stranger passed by and joined in watching the spectacle and immediately pointed out two more luminous objects, looking like spinning balls. Said Kingman, the oddest feature about these two objects was the "streak of lightning" which seemed to connect them in their flight. The large orange object remained in view for about 20 minutes, during which time, no sound was heard.


- page 20 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No Case 4 September 1956 New Zealand "Article from Fate Magazine" Prob Meteor (?)

1956,Sept.3-Whenuapai, New Zealand-56:42pm-A glowing UFO with a white nose flashed across the sky as a Squadron-leader was landing his Hastings-Aircraft. Another Pilot saw it, too!...

FATE

The majority of Americans are no longer skeptical about UFO's. Not so overseas. On the other side of the world: The following reports reached us from New Zealand via John E. Andrews of Parahin, Pa. They aren't new; they occurred on September 3...

The sighting began at 6:42 p.m. when Squadron-leader K. B. Smith, commanding officer of No. 40 Squadron, was coming in to land at Whenuapai, near Auckland, N.Z. Squadron-leader Smith, a member of the Queen's Flight during the Korean war, clearly saw a member from base...

[Left side text is partially illegible due to poor image quality]

said they saw an object with "about four windows in the side" traveling west across the harbor from Devonport. They said it was cigar-shaped with blue flame shooting from the rear.

Other observers mostly agreed the object was flying very low - maybe only 500 to 1,000 feet high, had a white light in front and a reddish or pinkish or orangeish tail. Everyone agreed that it was flying straight and level.

One of the most detailed descriptions came from Bert Thomson, a farmer of Kaponga, near New Plymouth. Thomson estimated the object to be 70 feet long, 30 feet wide and to be flying at 300 to 400 m.p.h. at around 1,500 feet. He said it passed over his farm about 7:19 A.M., when he got up to administer to a sick animal. He heard a hissing sound, and saw a white light followed by a blue light.

As the noise and lights came closer, Thomson said, he was able to make out the outline of the object. He said it had a turretlike "glass" nose, from which the white light came, delta-like rounded wings, a larger glass turret on the middle of the main body, from which the blue light came, and a tapering tail that he could not see.

If Mr. Thomson's object was the same as that reported by Squadron-leader K.B. Smith, then he had one of the closest views of a UFO ever reported. He could see two wheels or markings on the object and claims he has "two perfectly good eyes."

Whatever the object may have been, there was no doubt about its identity in the mind of R. A. McIntosh, president of the Auckland Astronomical Society. "You know what, Mr. McIntosh said it was obviously a meteor." - Curtis Fuller


- page 21 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   5 September 1956
                                                                       Stormont, North Ireland

1956,Sept.5-Stormont, North Ireland-Evenings-Irregularly-shaped UFO observed in a misty sky, by several. Moved fast AND slowly, hovered over Parliament buildings for two hours. Man to first see it went outside to escape persistent barking of his dog!(Said to be a cloud by Meteorological officials).


- page 22 -

