Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
5 April 1956

2. LOCATION
A/V sighting between
Schenectady & Oswego, NY

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical Venus
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 09/03152

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
■ Air-in-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian
Commercial Pilot

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
forty-five minutes

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

8. COURSE
E to W

9. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object, shape unknown but estimated to be size of an aircraft on the ground as viewed from 6000 feet. Object was orange in color. Object appeared to fly parallel to the aircraft and disappeared over Lake Ontario.

11. COMMENTS
This sighting was generated by the planet Venus, setting in the West.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

CASE:

Source: Heck March 13 ltr to ATIC 23 Aug 53 Heck's folder

With reference to the case, there is definitely as seen and probably two errors, though in our opinion with an abundance of caution. In the first place, the mean azimuth of the line connecting Schenectady and Syracuse is not 113 degrees but well under 300. I don't have time to check this value exactly, but I shall do so on my return from Europe. I am dictating this note late at night on the eve of my departure. I return on January 2, and it is equally true that the existing azimuth of Venus is just slightly greater than 300 degrees. We do know, however, that errors of azimuth from the ground and astronomically easy to make. See the reference to the Presque Isle case, where experienced observers made a serious error. Moreover, we have found that the Air Force's ephemeris was an easy analog to the precision of azimuths. In some cases, the observers gave not the azimuth of the sighted object from themselves, but the azimuth they estimated on which the UFO was supposedly flying. And, since these UFOs occupy overeative sectors, since they are controlled on the ground, this means that they place it to take a case in point 25 degrees off the observer, parallel to his own. This is perhaps too lenient, but I would say that there was an extremely bright object in this region. Many reports have been received identifying it as a UFO. I am inclined to consider an error of 25 degrees significant, although you will doubtless say that I am stretching the facts. Even so, if I were not the planet Venus, we are completely sure that the observers would have reported that he observed a UFO so many degrees north of the bright planet Venus or, if he did not know Venus when he saw it, of its extremely bright star that must have been at about the same altitude.


- page 2 -

"Meet the Millers" Program
WBEN-TV, Buffalo, New York
April 16, 1956

Subject: Pursuit of unidentified flying object (UFO) by American Airlines plane.

Appearing on the program: Mr. & Mrs. Miller, Interviewers
Capt. _______, American Airlines pilot
First Officer William Neff, co-pilot
Bruce Foster, Bell Aircraft Co. engineer

TRANSCRIPT

Miller: Seated next to Mildred (Mrs. Miller) is Mr. Bruce Foster of Bell Aircraft. Next to Mr. Foster is Capt. of American Airlines and First Officer Neff of American Airlines. Now you fellows had a real experience. What date was this?

[Redacted response]: This was a week ago last night, on April 8th.

Miller: Was that a regular flight of American Airlines?

[Redacted response]: Yes it was.

Miller: From Buffalo to New York?

[Redacted response]: This flight comes out of New York and lands at Albany, Syracuse, Rochester, and terminates in Buffalo.

Miller: What was your first idea that anything was happening--that you were seeing something?

Neff: This very brilliant white light--like an approaching aircraft with its landing lights on. Naturally we moved away from it thinking that's what it was. Then we noticed it was standing still at the time and we got sort of curious.

Miller: Just about what location was this?

[Redacted response]: This was just about over Schenectady. We were coming out of Albany. We took off north and we made a left turn and we noticed this light over Schenectady. It seemed to be standing still.

Miller: A light? Now when you say a light, do you mean a light like a light bulb--about that color?

[Redacted response]: Oh yes, very fluorescent--a very bright light...

Mrs. Miller: A big what?

[Redacted response]: A large light. It looked more like a light coming into Albany air-


- page 3 -

WBEN-TV.....2

Mrs. Miller: And both of you saw it? At the same time?

Miller: How close were you to it do you think?

We turned a little bit to pass to the south of it, and we were probably 2 to 3 miles from it.

Miller: And the thing was just astanding there?

Just about standing; it was off our wing-tip.

Miller: Was there anyone else on the flight with you?

Oh, we had Miss Reynolds, our stewardess was with us.

Miller: Did she happen to notice it too?

She came up. We called her and she came up and looked at it later on after this had taken off at this terrific speed...

Miller: How long was it stationary there?

Neff: We couldn't say that it was actually stationary...

(several talking at once)

...from the time we were off the ground at Albany, until we its about 15 miles by air to Schenectady and it was off our wing-tip, and we watched it just go through a ninety degree arc, go right straight to the west, and it was...how many seconds does it take to go through a ninety degree arc?

Miller: Bruce?

Foster: How fast would you say it appeared to be going? Did it change speed very radically during the time that you saw it?

The initial speed I would say probably was 800 to 1000 mi an hour. How fast can it...it's hard to say, just to compare that speed.

Neff: Certainly much faster than another airplane would.

Oh much faster, much faster than a jet.

Mrs. Miller: Faster than a jet?

Neff: Yes ma'am.

Couldn't be a jet, not at that altitude because their fuel is so critical.

Miller: Bruce...(garbled)...?


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

WBEN-TV.......3

Foster: Well, I doubt if it could...did it appear to change color at all?

Yes it did. It changed color after it got to the west of us, probably 8 to 10 miles. It appeared...the light went out, that's what Bill and I concerned. It went out momentarily and we knew there was something up there, and now we were with a load of passengers with something on our course up ahead, and what are we going to do; so we watched this where the light went out and this orange object came on--this orange light.

Miller: Did you blink back at it?

No we didn't...

Miller: Just what did you do Captain?

We looked at one another a little bit amazed, so we decided we'd call Griffiss Air Force base, and I thought they had the radar pin. Course on a Saturday night I guess not very many people are home at an Air Force base. And they didn't have it on...it would take them 30 minutes to energize the set

Foster: Do they not usually have those on?

I assumed they did; I thought they did...

Miller: Maybe we'd better not get into that discussion...

Neff: Oh probably not. We'd get a little bit off the track on that.

They asked us to keep it sighted and we did, and we kept calling out our location, and as we told them where we were and turned all our lights on. They asked us to turn them off and they could see us, and they asked if this object you see is orange in color. We said it was...

Miller: This is after it turned on I understand.

Yes. They said we have a definite silhouette in sight south of the field. Now those fellows are observers who are in the tower. They said that they could see a silhouette.

Miller: Now would they be looking with the eye?

I imagine so, yes.

Miller: What kind of silhouette did they see, a silhouette of light

Neff: Well usually on a radar screen they're referred to as a large or a blip...on a radar screen. A silhouette usually refers to something that you see, like a silhouette of...something blending up against something white.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

WBEN-TV.......4

Foster: But this was on a screen?

Neff: Well actually we don't know if the silhouette they referred to was a radar silhouette or a visual. But Watertown could see it and they're quite a ways north of Griffiss, and Albany and it—two men in the tower at Albany—one an Air Force man and one a CAA man. And they saw it after we first called them, and noticed...and they looked over to the west and saw it right away.

Mrs. Miller: And when they saw it was it moving?

Neff: Well we didn't get to talk with them...

Mrs. Miller: But to you it was moving?

Neff: Oh yes.

Mrs. Miller: Real fast?

It stayed just that far ahead of us and they asked us what our point of next intended landing was, and I told them Syracuse, and they wanted to be identified...our aircraft, number and serial number, and they said, well "abandon that next landing temporarily and maintain the course and your altitude," so we did. They were calling "scramble." "Scramble" is jets that they send up, I suppose to go up and intercept these unidentified objects.

Miller: Is that...do you know about those Bruce?

Foster: Well there's one of these bases right up next to the Bell plant up there, and we see these fellows taking off most any time of the day or night up there on various training missions.

Miller: In other words they're alerted at all times?

Foster: Yes they are. They usually have a couple of planes alerted on or near the end of the runway. On very short notice these people can take off and climb up to some interception point directed by radar operators.

Miller: You say in a very short time. How long would it take them to get airborne?

Foster: Well probably in about five minutes. I don't know just exactly how quick they can do it.

Mrs. Miller: When you said * * * (garbled) was it low, or was it low for a jet?

Neff: Well it was low and it was also low for a jet. There happened


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

WBEN-TV.........5

(Neff, continued): to be an overcast that evening which eliminated the possibility of a star right off the bat, and * * [garbled]...che way I understand it a jet burns up three or four times the amount of fuel at low altitude than it does at high altitude. I didn't think a jet could stay down that long without using up a considerable amount of gas.

Miller: I didn't know that about jets. You knew that of course Bruce?

Foster: It's also true of rockets. That's one reason I wouldn't think it would be a rocket. If they saw it for half an hour, this is quite a long time to operate a rocket engine.

Mrs. Miller: Well now I'd like to ask you a question: How fast were you going?

[Redacted]: About 250 miles per hour.

Mrs. Miller: * * * [garbled] then did they slow down or why didn't [garbled]?

[Redacted]: They must have slowed down. "They" or "it" must have slowed down.

Mrs. Miller: Yes, granted.

Miller: The unidentified object must have slowed down, flying as it was.

Neff: We trailed out as far as Oswego, which is right on the south shore of Lake Ontario and we passed up our point of landing at Syracuse, and we weren't sure we should hold the passengers up any longer, and of course we didn't advise them.

(Several talking at once)

Mrs. Miller: ...that would have been wonderful.

[Brief gap in tape, presumably caused by original recorder changing reels]

We were calling Griffiss and asked if we could change over to emergency frequency which was 121.5, and we couldn't read then any more on 108.5 because we were down rather low and the GHF (or VHF) is a line-of-sight operation. And we did; we changed over figuring...

Miller: Go right ahead. I don't even know what you're talking about; but that's all right, go right ahead.

But we figured the interceptors were going to operate


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

WBEN-TV...............6

(cont.):   that frequency and talk to us, and then come alongside us
and take off from where we were on our heading. But we
called them and they said they were "about off," and that
was about 8 minutes and we couldn't work them any longer,
and we turned over with Syracuse tower, and they were
giving....relaying the messages back and forth, and it was
then about 10 to 12 minutes and they're still not off yet.
And we can't...I don't know, we'd probably still be flying.
I just don't know where the jets were. Why didn't they
get the jets up?

Miller:     Well what happened to the object?

            It went off, it just went to the northwest and it went
out of sight.

Foster:     Was it more rapid? All of a sudden did it accelerate its
speed?

            It did appear to....after it got over the water it appeared
to really get out of sight very fast.

Neff:       It did, in the direction of Toronto, in that direction.

Miller:     Did you people in Toronto see an orange light?

Mrs. Miller: * * * (garbled) well now, tell us, what do you think it is?

Foster:     This sounds very much like some of the investigations of
Mr. Ruppelt's...reports in his book on unidentified flying
objects. But it seems most of the good cases he talks about
had these shortcomings. Either the airplane didn't get of
in time, someone wasn't alerted, or there was some reason
why they just didn't get a good look at one of these thin
Still I think what you people have seen is probably the
same thing that has been reported many times in the past
five years. In relation to this subject I notice that you
people hesitate to refer to them as "flying saucers." So
does Mr. Ruppelt. He refers to them as unidentified flying
objects because many of them are not saucer-shaped.

Miller:     Was this object saucer-shaped or not?

            Oh I don't know. I couldn't say.

Neff:       There was no definite shape to it, it was just a brilliant light.

            Just a light.

Foster:     He (Ruppelt) talks about three different general types:
is a point of light, much as what you can appear to have as
another is a cigar-shaped light; and the third is a sort
of a glob of greenish light.


- page 8 -

WBBN-TV..............7

Miller:     Did this at any time appear to be green?
             No. At no time was it green.

Miller:     Mr. Ryan, have you had any phone calls about this?
             A good number of them, yes, and letters also.

Miller:     Didn't someone call you and talk, that * * * (garbled) in
             the Air Force or whatever, and say that your experience and
             this object that you saw corresponds very definitely to other
             reports?
             That's right. That's what they said.

Mrs. Miller: And you don't think it can be a jet, and you don't think it
             can be a rocket, and you don't think it's an airplane. What
             do you think it is...?

Neff:        I don't know.
             I wish somebody would come up with the answer.

Neff:        I think they ought to take an all-out effort to find out
             what these things are. If this is a government project,
             think everybody's for 100 per cent security, but if it's not
             a government project or something of our own, I think that
             possibly they should find out what they are if it's possible.

             (Mr. & Mrs. Miller thank their guests)

             END


- page 9 -

Brightness Dazzles

Airline Pilot Pursues Fantastic Thing in Sky

By the Associated Press.

BUFFALO, April 10—A veteran airlines pilot today recounted the tale of "something fantastic" he said he chased through upstate New York skies Sunday night.

Capt. Raymond E. Ryan, 43, of suburban Syracuse, a pilot for 23 years, said he followed a bright light from Schenectady to Oswego but could not catch it.

"The light was so bright you wouldn't want to look at it," Capt. Ryan said.

"I've read about flying saucers," said Capt. Ryan, "and I'm the type of fellow that—well, you've got to show me. But I'm convinced there was something fantastic up there."


- page 10 -

9.5. THE REPORT ON THE UFO SIGHTED AND PURSUED, AT THE

REQUEST OF GRIFFIS AIR FORCE BASE, BY CAPT. RAYMOND RYAN,
AMERICAN AIRLINES, ON APRIL 8, 1956. GRIFFIS AFB, IN A
RADIO CONTACT WITH CAPT. RYAN, STATED THEY COULD SEE THE
UFO, AS A ROUND, FLOWING OBJECT, PRECEDING THE AIRLINER.
THEY ALSO ASKED CAPT. RYAN TO LEAVE HIS ASSIGNED COURSE,
THOUGH HE WAS CARRYING PASSENGERS, AND TO PURSUE THE UFO,
REPORTING ALL POSSIBLE DETAILS.


- page 11 -

UFO SIGHTING
ROME, SCHENECTADY, ROCHESTER, N Y
9 - 10 April 1956

On 9 April 1956, at 0315½, Capt. [illegible] and the first officer of an American Airlines aircraft sighted an unidentified flying object while on a scheduled flight from Schenectady, N.Y. to Oswego, N.Y. The object appeared the size of an aircraft on the ground from 6000 feet, was a bright orange light which remained in sight for 15 minutes. The object was viewed 5° to port and appeared to parallel the course of the aircraft at equal speed. (Aircraft heading 297° at 6000'.) The weather was reported as clear with a very thin overcast. This object was also reported by the crews of four other flights who thought it was probably a star or planet. Interceptors were scrambled at 0345½ and were in the air at 0352½ and at 0413½ identified the object as a planet. No instructions were given to the airliner to deviate from course. CAA records show that the American Airline flight landed ahead of schedule.

The object was observed by the shift supervisor in the tower at Griffis Air Force Base. The supervisor reported the object was found and appeared to be about the size of a pea held at arm's length, was white with an orange tint when first sighted, and after about 10 minutes appeared orange with a red tint. The object was reported as larger than any star. The object was at azimuth 330° (probably in error) from the Griffis Tower and appeared to descend over the horizon about 10° left of when first spotted. Object was in sight for 23 minutes. Binoculars were used in observing the object. The object was sighted again at 0320½ on 10 April 1956.

Conclusion:

At 0320½ on 9 - 10 April 1956, the planet Venus was just on the horizon and at an azimuth of approximately 300 - 305°. Venus was very prominent and bright during the time of the sightings. Since the object was identified as a star or planet by the interceptor a/c (scrambled for identification) and 4 other a/c in the area it is believed Venus was definitely the cause of these sightings.


- page 12 -

Here is the text I can extract from the document:

ONC 310

LEGEND
RELIEF PORTRAYAL
Elevation are in feet. HIGHEST
located at 44°N 73°W
TERRAIN CHARACTERISTIC TINTS
(areas of unreliable relief
are devoid of tint)

[The rest of the text is part of the map legend, which includes details about land forms, contour intervals, spot elevations, and maximum elevation data. Due to the small font and map complexity, some text may be partially illegible.]

The document appears to be a topographical map of an area in New York state, centered around Oswego, with various geographical details and elevation information.


- page 13 -

This image appears to be a detailed topographical map of a region in New York state, covering areas including Schenectady, Albany, Glens Falls, and surrounding regions. The map shows numerous towns, roads, geographical features like rivers and elevation contours, and is marked with grid coordinates. Various towns and cities are labeled, such as Amsterdam, Johnstown, Saratoga, Kingston, and many others. The map is in black and white and appears to be from a mid-20th century document, with a somewhat aged and grainy appearance typical of documents from that era.


- page 14 -

This image is a detailed topographical map showing parts of Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and surrounding areas. The map includes numerous towns, cities, roads, and geographical features such as rivers and elevation markers. Some of the clearly visible cities and towns include:

- Worcester
- Springfield
- Manchester
- Nashua
- Providence
- Boston
- Brockton
- Lawrence

The map is black and white, with intricate lines representing terrain, roads, and administrative boundaries. Various numerical markers indicating elevation or grid references are scattered throughout the map. The map appears to be from the mid-20th century, consistent with the Project Blue Book era.


- page 15 -

Text found on the document:

Warning, National Defense Operating Areas, Operations hazardous to the flight of aircraft conducted within these areas

Visible map locations include:
- Norway
- Lewiston
- Portland
- Rochester
- Dover
- Portsmouth
- Hampton
- Gloucester
- Salem
- Cape Ann
- Rockport
- Nantasket Beach
- Scituate
- Plymouth
- Cape Cod
- Middleboro
- Sagamore

Map sections labeled:
- W-103
- W-104
- 05
- FP
- FN
- GN
- GP

Coordinate grid lines and latitude/longitude markings are also present on the map.


- page 16 -

Here is the text I can extract from the image:

CULTURE
Actual city outline
Towns and villages
Landmark features
Location known
(b) Pennsylvania numbering system
Dual lane road
Other roads
Tracks or trails
Multiple track R.R.
Single track R.R.
Power transmission line
International boundary

PICTORIAL
SYMBOLIZATION
NONE SHOWN
ON THIS CHART

AERONAUTICAL
INFORMATION
Major aerodrome
Runway pattern and 6000 foot kilometer
circle is shown at 1:500,000 scale
Center of circle represents true position
of airfield

Major aerodromes
runway pattern not
available
Jet facilities available
Minor aerodromes
Seaplane base

Vertical obstructions
(unlabeled obstructions are lower)
Vertical obstructions with
landmark significance
(black square indicates location)
Numerals adjacent to obstruction indicate height above mean sea level. Numerals in
parenthesis indicate height above
ground

RELIABILITY OF VERTICAL
OBSTRUCTION DATA
Position and direction of vertical
obstructions are generally
where closely grouped obstructions
exist. Place of issue highly been
omitted

Typical Military Climb Corridor
Altitude limits do not extend above 27,000 MSL
Corridor dimensions and minimum altitudes may
vary from that shown on the particular
Aeronautical Information Publication for details

ONC 310

The rest of the text is part of the map legend and location names on the map itself.


- page 17 -

Here is the text I can read from the image:

GJ HJ ELEVATIONS IN FEET

NAUTICAL MILES
STATUTE MILES
KILOMETERS

USAF OPERATIONAL
PUBLISHED BY THE AERONAUTICAL CHART
UNITED STATES
ST. LOUIS

The map shows various cities and regions including Philadelphia, New York, Scranton, Brunswick, and others, with elevation markings and geographical details. The bottom left contains a small reference system legend, but the text is too small to read clearly.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the navigation chart:

NAVIGATION CHART

Warning: National Defense Operating Areas Operations hazardous to the flight of aircraft conducted within these areas

Lambert Conformal Conic Projection
Standard Parallel 40°40' and 43°20'
Convergence Factor .6919

NOTE: It is requested that all users of this chart mark hereon corrections
and additions which come to their attention and mail direct to COMMANDER,
AERONAUTICAL CHART AND INFORMATION CENTER, SECOND AND
ARSENAL ST. LOUIS 18, MISSOURI, ATTN: ACBO.

The chart shows various regions including Long Island, Atlantic Coastal ADIZ (Air Defense Identification Zone), and elevation markers. There are also navigation grid zones labeled W-105 and W-106.


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

CAUTION
AIP INFORMATION CURRENT THROUGH
24 JANUARY 1962
Information shown in this chart is
subject to frequent changes. The
rate of change of air information
precludes revision of this chart to insure
currency. Consult NOTAMS, USAF/
USN Flight Information Publication
and AIC Bulletins for the latest, complete information.

HUDSON RIVER
CANADA - UNITED STATES
ONC 310
SCALE 1:1,000,000

7TH EDITION

LINES OF EQUAL MAGNETIC VARIATION FOR 1962 LITHOGRAPHED BY U. P. - 3.63
(Actual rate of change - 1 increase)

Color Registration Guide and other text at bottom of page is partially illegible.

The document appears to be a navigational chart of the Hudson River area between Canada and the United States, with various geographical markers, latitude and longitude lines, and a scale of nautical miles.


- page 20 -

TAB

A    INITIAL FTK
B    HENSELS ANALYSIS
C    CORRESPONDENCE WITH RICHARD HALL (Sec. of NICAP)
D    MISC. MISC REPORTS
E    WEATHER DATA


- page 21 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

HPA92: YDC099: TYD099: TMA123: TID653SNA042SND099S:

EP RJEDDEN RJEPNE RJEPSNF RJEDPNF RJEPHCF

DE RJEPSNF 80:

F 9S1457:

FM CMDR 655TH AC&W SQ WATERTOWN AF STA WATERTOWN NE

TO RJEDEN/CMDR ADC ENT AFB COLORADO SPRINGS COLO

RJEPNE/CMDR LADW STEWART AFB NEWBURGH NY

INFO RJEPSN/CMDR 32D AIC DIV SYRACUSE NY

RJEDDPF/CMDR AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OH

RJEHQ4/DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE HQ USAFS WASHINGTON 25 D C

BT

(UNCLASSIFIED)/C-OPS 04022 PD FLYOBRPT CFNV UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

CMP AFR 2004 20 ED

A. UNKNOWN

B. THE SIZE OF AN AIRCRAFT ON THE GROUND FROM 6000 FT

C. BRIGHT ORANGE LIGHT

D. ONE

E. N/A

F. NONE

G. NONE

H. NONE

I. NONE

There is also a handwritten note with some numbers and angles, but parts of it are difficult to read clearly.


- page 22 -

PAGE TWO BRIEFED

A. WHEN TAKING OFF FROM SCHENECTADY CMDR IT WAS 10 THE WEST

B. 900 DEGREES RIGHT

C. 5 DEGREES STARBOARD

D. FILED PARALLEL TO RIM FROM SCHENECTADY TO OSWEGO

E. DISAPPEARED OVER LAKE ONTARIO

F. 45 MINUTES

G. AIR-VISUAL

H. NONE

I. 6000 FT 330 DEGREES (EAST TO WEST) 180 KNOTS

J. 9 APRIL 56 0315Z

K. NIGHT

L. FROM SCHENECTADY TO OSWEGO

M. CAPTAIN P SNYDER 28 NE

PILOT (AMERICAN AIRLINES) GOOD

N. NK/E2

O. CLEAR

P. NOT AVAILABLE

Q. 6000 FT

R. CLEAR

S. THIN OVERCAST AT SCHENECTADY REST CLEAR


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

PAGE THREE RJEPSN 80
F. NONE
G. NONE
S. NONE
10. SCRAMBLED JUMPING JACK ABLE ONE; NEG RESULTS
11. NONE
12. UNKNOWN OBJECT WAS ALSO OBSERVED BY CO-PILOT AND STEWARDESS
ENDS PM
BP
59/15122 APR RJEPSN


- page 24 -

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 30-THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS

The Ryan Case

An American Airlines plane had just taken off on a flight from Albany to Syracuse, New York, on the night of April 8, 1956. The sky was clear with a very thin overcast. At 10:15 E.S.T., while at about 8000 feet over Schenectady, Captain Ryan and his first officer sighted an unidentified flying object and reported it to Griffiss Air Force Base. Bright orange in color, it glowed clearly in the northwestern sky, seemed to travel at exactly the same speed as and parallel with the aircraft, and maintained this steady course during the rest of the plane's flight. The tower operators at the Albany and Watertown airports also saw the object, as did the crews of four other plane flights, who decided it was probably a star or a planet. The shift supervisor in the tower at Griffiss Air Force Base, alerted by Captain Ryan, was able to observe the unknown through binoculars. He described it as apparently round, larger than any star, at an estimated altitude of 3000 or 4000 feet; when first sighted it looked white with orange tint but after about ten minutes changed to orange with a red tint. During the twenty-three minutes he watched it, the unknown slowly descended over the horizon. Interceptors from Griffiss Air Force Base were scrambled (Air Force jargon meaning to take off and pursue as quickly as possible) at 10:48 and 10:52 but returned to base without finding anything. Captain Ryan, having watched the object during the entire flight, landed his plane at Syracuse and made his customary report.

The newspaper accounts that followed caused a short-lived flying-saucer scare, but when officials from ATIC investigated they had no difficulty in solving the mystery. The evidence was plain and unmistakable. The object was the planet Venus. The observing plane had been flying northwest on a heading of 330 degrees; the object was directly ahead of them all the way. The ground observers from the Griffiths tower, when they first picked up the object at 10:20 P.M., had estimated its position at azimuth 330 degrees. It had descended slowly over the horizon about 10 degrees to the left of the spot where first sighted. A plot of the planet's position showed that at 10:20 P.M. on this particular night Venus was on or just below the western horizon at an azimuth of approximately 325 degrees. Thus the unknown and Venus appeared at the same position, traveled at the same rate, and moved in the same direction. Refraction by the earth's atmosphere had projected the image slightly upward, and the associated dispersion of colors had produced the brilliant red glow. [1]

There the matter should have ended. The puzzle was solved, and forgotten by all but a few saucer addicts. Some twelve months later, however, Major Donald Keyhoe reopened the case. As the new Director of the National Investigations Committee for Aerial Phenomena, commonly known as NICAP (see Chapter XIII), he charged the Air Force with concealing the true facts of the incident,


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

and himself tried to get in touch with Captain Ryan to obtain in-
formation to support the charge. Receiving no answer to letters or
telephone calls, Major Keyhoe then gave his story to certain govern-
ment agencies. Using as "evidence" a newspaper account [7] and
extrapolations of Captain Ryan's remarks in a TV interview, this
civilian investigator had constructed a version of the incident so
fantastic that it is scarcely recognizable as the same event. In brief,
NICAP alleged that the object sighted on April 8, 1956, had been a
strange machine "obviously pacing the plane, though keeping well
ahead," that the captain, on orders from Griffis Air Force Base, had
abandoned his scheduled route to chase the unknown craft, had lost
it somewhere over Lake Ontario, had then turned back and landed
at Syracuse far behind his scheduled arrival and, finally, that his
flight log had been falsified to conceal the facts of this pursuit [8,
pp. 167-84].

The original question, the identity of an unknown object, was all
but forgotten. In letters, telegrams, and telephone calls to various
officials of American Airlines, Congress, the Air Force, the Civil
Aeronautics Board, and the Civil Aviation Authority, NICAP re-
quested an official investigation of the "cover-up." The first requests
evoked no response but repeated prodding finally paid off. After
hints of publicity and of possible senatorial interest, the beleaguered
agencies at last yielded to NICAP pressure and reopened the case.
Captain Ryan, a reliable officer with twenty-three years' experience
as a pilot, was subjected to official interrogation. Busy government
bureaus were forced to invest further time, money, and energy to
confirm facts that had never been in doubt.

To the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) the captain stated, with
the concurrence of his first officer: "I did not deviate from course
at any time. I did sight an object and it was witnessed."

The Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB) reported: "Captain Ryan
stated most emphatically that he did not deviate from his prescribed
course, nor was he requested to do so. Scheduled time for American
Airlines Flight 775 (the one involved in this incident) between
Albany and Syracuse is 49 minutes; elapsed log time for that flight
on April 8, 1956, was 48 minutes. Since it is obvious that this sched-
ule could not have been maintained had the flight deviated from its
prescribed course, as reported by the Buffalo Evening News on
April 10, 1956, and since safety does not appear to have [been]
derogated, further investigation into the matter by the Board is not
considered warranted."

A vice-president of American Airlines stated that ". . . Captain
Ryan states unequivocally that he did sight an object. He also states
unequivocally that he did not chase it. His flight time between
Syracuse and Albany confirms that statement."

No statements could be more explicit. Saucer lobbyists, however,
merely seized them as material for constructing a more elaborate
fantasy. These declarations, according to NICAP, were worthless.
They merely proved that Captain Ryan had given false answers to
his questioners; that the government agencies involved knew the
answers were false; and that a gigantic conspiracy existed to sup-
press the truth and support an "elaborate deception." [8, p. 181]

Among those supposed to be joined in the conspiracy were the
American Airlines Company, the Civil Aeronautics Board, the Civil
Aviation Agency, the United States Air Force, and possibly even
the Central Intelligence Agency and the National Security Council.
Saucer publications still list this sighting of Venus as an Unknowm.


- page 26 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE
ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
WASHINGTON 6, D.C.

January 26, 1961

Lieutenant Colonel Lawrence J. Tacker
Dept. of the Air Force
Office of Public Information
Pentagon, Wash. 25, D.C.

Dear Colonel Tacker:

I am enclosing the transcript of a tape recording made of the television interview of Capt. American Airlines pilot who on April 8, 1956 sighted an unidentified flying object over Schenectady N.Y. Since you stated on the recent Garroway show that you were unfamiliar with the case, I thought you might be interested in reading Capt. [redacted] account of his experience.

The actual tape recording is in our possession and we would be happy to arrange for you to hear it at your convenience.

Sincerely yours,
Richard Hall
RH:lk                                    Secretary of NICAP

A privately-supported fact-finding body serving the national public interest


- page 27 -

