PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
27 November 1956

2. LOCATION
Dayton, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 2030
GMT: 28/0130Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
D Yes
No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
WNW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object, round, size larger than the moon. Color orange, had intermittent red flames. Object exploded and seemed to fall to ground. Speed fast. Looked like piece of paper burning & going through air.

11. COMMENTS
Insufficient data. Duration, not reported. Possible meteor.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[Checkboxes for various classifications, none marked]

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

(Top of page, faint handwriting): 1789/0130

Witness
Roger/Tom now

0820

Red Flame
Interact

Explodes

First
Seen
From
(Blinn)
Tries

(NW)

Description of one given on telephone conversation
0850 hrs. Weather dry morning between Co. Puryg't
Mts.                                                 G76      28 Oct 56

The document appears to be a hand-drawn diagram with various annotations and arrows, showing what seems to be a UFO trajectory or observation, with mountain landscape in the background and several numbered/labeled circles and points of interest.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
27 NOV 1956
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 2030
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _______

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: DAYTON
City or Town           OHIO
State or Country

Additional remarks: [blank]

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours       Minutes       Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain     b. Fairly certain     c. Not very sure     d. Just a guess
[Circled: a. Certain]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: NONE
    b. Color: ORANGE

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One)
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
    Only 1

Page 3 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
    a. None
    b. A few
    c. Many
    d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. Bright moonlight
    b. Dull moonlight
    c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter then the background of the sky?
(Circle One): [handwritten response]

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
    b. Several blocks away?
    c. A block away?
    d. Several yards away?
    e. Other

11. Did the object:
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
    c. Break up into parts or explode?
    d. Give off smoke?
    e. Change brightness?
    f. Change shape?
    g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
[partially illegible handwritten response]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
[no additional text]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid?    b. Transparent?    c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
    b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
    c. Windshield    Yes    No
    d. Window glass    Yes    No

    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
    f. Telescope    Yes    No
    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
    h. Other


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outdoors
    d. In an airplane
    e. At sea
    f. Other _________

26. Were you (Circle One)
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open countryside?
    d. Flying near an airfield?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?
    g. Other _________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
    [Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
        a. North         c. East         e. South         g. West
        b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest     h. Northwest

    28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

    28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
        (Circle One) Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. North         c. East         e. South         g. West
    b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. North         c. East         e. South         g. West
    b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
    31.1 When it first appeared:
        a. From true North _________ degrees.
        b. From horizon _________ degrees.

    31.2 When it disappeared:
        a. From true North _________ degrees.
        b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

See E-17

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
Cement

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length:
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Grapefruit
i. Baseball
j. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
OVER PLACE FLAME, FELL OFF TOWARD
GROUND

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? What have you would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text at bottom of question 24 is partially illegible]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
27 NOV 1956 to AMC Commd Proj

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible, but seems to reference something about the sky]


- page 8 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 9 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [Handwritten text partially illegible]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [Handwritten text partially illegible]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] DAYTON, City OHIO, Zone C, State 11100

TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
What is your present job? Tin smith

Age 36 Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school [Checked]
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
DATA GIVEN BY HAANC COMMAND POST.


- page 10 -

