PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 October 1956

2. LOCATION
Covington, Kentucky

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local     1600
GMT       14/1900Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
brief

7. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Brilliant object observed from car while traveling in town in traffic. Described as bright light about 1/4 size of moon. One block later object was gone. Stationary. Unusually brilliant and large.

11. COMMENTS
Insufficient data for evaluation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
☒ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

Mr. and Mrs. [redacted], Batavia, Ohio. Having first learned
[redacted] Co., of which I am manager, I asked for more detailed information.

On Sunday, Oct. 16, 1956 at about 5:30 p.m. while traveling east on U.S. Highway
35, between [redacted] and New Richemond, Ohio, I saw a reddish orange 30 not in the
sky, at first I thought it was a jet making a vapor trail, but the trail didn't
seem to act any larger, in fact it all seemed to be traveling at the same speed,
and, in a northerly direction for at least a minute when it turned straight up
and disappeared out of sight.

When the object turned it did not seem to are but made a sharp turn like this:

The whole thing seemed to turn at one time. I just would have had a more
to do than just hold the car. My wife and son were with me at the time.
She was driving so I did not take my eyes off it until it was out of sight.
They all saw it.

Mr. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted] Pike, Ft. Thomas, Ky.
Object sighted in Northwest from Highland Hts., Ky at about 5:30 p.m.
[redacted] described the object as large, about the size of a nickel held
at arm's length. It was metal gray and without apparent wings or tail
or solar propulsion. To said the object appeared to be stationary for about
a minute, and was quite low.

These, in brief, are the descriptions of the UFO's seen by three separate
groups in "vector 16", plus the photographs. I hope they may prove to be of
value to you and your command.

Delight of the International Mailing, I hope that I may be able to serve your
command were thoroughly and expeditiously. I have not yet phoned Lt. Colonel
W. F. Greene in Washington in regard to the matter discussed by phone on November 6, 1956. I believe a phone call would only add to the nervousness already
existing as we are stating: I might try by letter, however, hoping that clarification might be obtainable.

Sincerely

P.S. Please return the enclosed photographs and negatives to the writer after
analysis so that them in my responsibility.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

C.R.I.F.O.
Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects

November 7, 1956

Covvains O. T. Gregory
A.M.S.
Dept. of Astronomy
Fels-Patterson A73
Dayton, Ohio

Enclosed herewith three photographs and film negative entitled by the writer from Betts Ave., North College Hill, Cincinnati, Ohio, also may be of interest to your record. He is a professional photographer, formerly a professional photographer, and, at present, interested in astronomy, particularly lunar studies. He is in contact with members of the Cincinnati Astronomical Society.

He told the writer that he formerly had been a professional photographer and, at present, interested in astronomy, particularly lunar studies. He is in contact with members of the Cincinnati Astronomical Society. According to a photograph (which I have marked #3) with partial void light cannot be easily explained. Taken through his telescopes, it... said that he knew of no "light of any kind" before his time, nor was he aware of any unusual lights in the sky, that is., any lights appearing nearly which would show up at the size indicated. However, through powerful magnification an adjoining, apparently visual, as an important aid in showing where the photographs, ruled out were Wentworth ring phenomena.

He told the writer that he photographed the "object" while taking a series of shots of the moon. He has many times spoken to the writer at his interest in the moon, and I feel certain that the "photograph in question" was not faked to delude the writer or others. He seeks no publicity. He also gave me permission to contact your command regarding the photographs. You may contact Mr. [REDACTED] for additional information regarding the photographs, as you desire.

The photographs taken by Mr. [REDACTED] were taken on Sunday, October 14, 1956. On this same date, CRIFO recorded three daytime sightings of UFO's from three separate groups of witnesses in the greater Cincinnati area. Notes are as follows:

From Covington, Kentucky near I, Bromley, a brilliant object seen while driving in traffic. He saw large bright light about quarter the size of full moon. He said the object was stationary. By the time he reached the next block, which was about a visual clearing of the sky, the object had disappeared. Mr. [REDACTED] viewed the fact that the object was unusually brilliant and large. He ruled out reflection on aircraft as an explanation. Mr. [REDACTED] has a pilot's license.


- page 3 -

