The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 23 MAY 1956
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2412 EST
5. PHOTOS: ONE
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 MIN
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: One object described as a blue flare, also of grape fruit, color blue white. Object appeared from behind trees and disappeared behind trees, first from left to right thence right to left.
11. COMMENTS: After talking with observer it was determined this was an a/c running tests from WADC.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was not Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was not Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other: Probably an Aircraft for Evaluation

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5,500 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job? Clerk - Wright-Patterson AFB, USAF
Age: 29 Sex: F

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school -
b. High school - 
c. College -
d. Post graduate -
e. Technical school -
f. Other special training -

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 25 May 56

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a diagram or drawing, rather than a photograph. It is labeled as an "EXAMPLE SHEET" and contains a detailed diagram showing a celestial sphere with various angular measurements and time markers. There is no human face or person visible in the image.

EXAMPLE SHEET

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned newspaper article from the "Journal Herald - Dayton" dated May 25, 1956. The article is titled "No Saucer, But - Sure Was Lit Up?" and describes an incident where residents of the Xenia, Ohio area reported seeing a bright object in the sky that was being pursued by an F-86 jet aircraft.

OHIO, FRIDAY, MA
No Saucer, But - 
Sure Was Lit Up?
Alarmed residents of the 
Xenia area last night phoned 
with calls about flying saucers 
in the area.
According to the reports, she 
saucer was being hotly pursued 
by an F-86 fighter from the 
Dayton area. The interceptor squadon which eventually overtook 
the saucer.
The saucer was quite so far 
elevated, however, that reaching
it was difficult, the reports 
stated. The pilot and his wife saw 
the pursuit also testified that the
base in wonderment.
An RF-84-F jet aircraft using
afterburner light for night photo
graphy just happened to be taking pictures over the area as it 
cane in. As it will be doing over
the next several nights.
The F-86 was real and froma
Dayton Air Force Base.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph contained in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the report dated May 28, 1956 from Lumberton, Ohio.

The text in the document is as follows:

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1956  V-29
Not Martians,
King-Size Bulbs
If you are bright lights moving
and June 26, don't start looking
for Martians. The lights are
caused by an earth-type search-
jet plane on a photographic as-
signment center's aerial reconnais-
sance laboratory.
The laboratory and the Air Re-
search and Development Com-
mand are flying jet planes nightly in the southern Ohio, Ken-
tucky and western Pennsylvania
area. If the weather is clear, the
light is from high intensity pro-
jectors are being mounted on the
planes to illuminate the night
photofloods.

IT'S A PLANE,
EXPERTS SAY
MIDDLETOWN, May 28—It
experts at the Wright Air De-
velopment center here to-
day said a "flying saucer" was
sighted here last Monday night.
The "saucer-shaped" object was a
jet plane being used in night aerial photogra-
phy, WADC spokesmen said.
They said the plane, equipped
with many high-intensity lig lights,
probably would continue flying
through mid-June.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which contains a questionnaire with various fields to be filled out regarding a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We appreciate your cooperation. In the event that the information is not clear or sufficient, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 23 MAY 56 
2. Time of day: 8:12 Minutes
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? LUMBERTON, OHIO
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 30 SECONDS
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form for reporting observations of an unidentified object.

S. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
9.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight — pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? (Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several blocks away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't Know; b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't Know; c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't Know; d. Give off smoke? Yes, No, Don't Know; e. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't Know; f. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't Know; g. Flicker, pulsate, or oscillate? Yes, No, Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?, b. Transparent?

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes, No; b. Sunglasses Yes, No; c. Telescope Yes, No; d. Window glass Yes, No; g. Other: it was a normal night sky with stars.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph or image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with questions about the description of an observed object.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Blinking
b. Color: Bluish-white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The image shows a handwritten sketch of an object, likely the UFO observed.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document appears to be part of a standard form used to collect detailed information about a UFO sighting, though no additional objects are depicted in the image provided.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand:
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin b. Pea c. Dime d. Silver dollar e. Baseball f. Grapefruit g. Orange h. Half dollar i. Other
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? [Handwritten response]
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, would you like to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would it be made and what shapes would it have?  [Handwritten response]

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?:
I was on my way home from work on the highway when I noticed a bright light in the sky to the south. It appeared to be hovering and then it shot off at a high rate of speed.

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? 50 miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes, No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One):
a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One):
a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North 10-15 degrees, b. From horizon 10-15 degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North 5-10 degrees, b. From horizon 5-10 degrees.

- page 10 -

The image contains three sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line representing the horizon (skyline), with an "A" mark on the line to indicate the height at which an object was first seen. A "B" mark on the same curved line shows how high the object appeared above the horizon when it was last seen.

The second and third sketches appear to be examples of how to complete the larger sketch, showing the position of the object when it was first seen ("A") and its position when it was last seen ("B").

There is also some handwritten text at the bottom of the image that says "Seen to travel back & fort".

Now, acting as an OCR system, I will produce all the text found in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Seen to travel back & fort

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this document. It appears to be a form or report related to a UFO observation.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Overcast
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Swirling wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
25 Day 24 Month 56 Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It was apparantly a very unusual & unidentified object. I have seen many unusual objects in the sky before but none quite like this one. At this time I can not offer a reasonable explanation for its identify or origin.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which contains a summary of an event observed on May 25, 1956 at 9:12 PM EST. The text describes the observer's experience of seeing a light that seemed to be traveling at a medium fast speed and disappearing behind trees, reappearing, and then disappearing again. The text also mentions the appearance of a searchlight at several different times and that the light seemed to be a steady bluish-white light with a star-like brilliance.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME                                           (Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:

SIGNATURE
DATE        25 May 56

At 9:12 o'clock, EST, on 25 May 56, I was walking in the driveway of my home when I noticed too bright to be traveling at a medium fast speed and no noise was discernable. The light disappeared behind trees and reappeared on my right. I watched as it backed up and disappeared. The light seemed to reappear two or three times more to the right 5 or 3 times, It disappeared on right and reappeared on left and disappeared again. The appearance of a searchlight was noted at several different times. The rest of the time the light seemed to be a steady bluish-white light with a star-like brilliance. 
If my estimation of altitude of 5,000 feet is correct, then the light was traveling at approximately 75 MPH.

- page 13 -

