There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a project blue book record card that contains text information about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 28 October 1956
2. LOCATION: Englewood, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1742
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: G - Ground-Visual
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Sighted to be 50 miles away. Object appeared to be circular, no wings or protrusions, had a bluish trail, motion was down. Object circled back to its original position. Color brilliant, thought to be a meteor.
9. COURSE: Circling
10. COMMENTS: Object observed circling in west-southwest direction at times. Color of object was pink. Witness estimated object to be 500 miles away. Observers indicate possible lightening, duration of object was circling.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomenon that have been observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you supply will be used for statistical and analytical purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 7-2-52
2. Time of day: 12:45 Minutes: Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Town: State or Country: Ohio
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. Hours: 2 Minutes: Seconds:
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Dark
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. The image contains only text and form fields.

Page 3

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight 
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know 
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape or size? Yes No Don't Know
g. Make any noise? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No 
h. Other

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text output from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound __________
b. Color ___________Pale

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please do arrow tips to show the direction the object was moving.

Cigar shaped, typical of many sightings. No trail or exhaust visible.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

One object

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image shows a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document with various questions and instructions for the person filling out the form.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its largest dimension. ___________ feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand
 and at about 1 foot from the eyes:
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea  
c. Nickel
d. Orange
e. Half dollar
f. Other _________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could sometimes the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what things would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions for the witness about their UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/id?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
IN A CAR RIND

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North degrees.
b. From horizon degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North degrees.
b. From horizon degrees.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains sketches that illustrate the instructions in the text. 

Text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
___ Day ___ Month ___ Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Handwritten text]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text]

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire form that has been filled out.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 150 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5,000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
What is your present job? ELECTRICAL SERVICE
Age: 19  Sex: M
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 10 Day 7 Month 56 Year

- page 9 -

