The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a project record card from Project 10073, which describes an observation event that occurred on 5 October 1955 at China Lake, California. The record card provides details about the type of observation, location, source, number of objects, course, and comments about the observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 5 October 1955
2. LOCATION: China Lake, California
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: AB Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: About 45 seconds
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 3
9. COURSE: As stated
10. BRIEF SUMMARY INDICATING APPARENT CAUSE: Apparently after reading keyhole report on some sightings, observer saw glow of luminous things that appeared to flicker and move irregularly. As it would appear in flight, it disappeared at once.
11. COMMENTS: A suggested out due to duration. Observation most probably meteors on birds is also a possibility. Case evaluated as probably meteors.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text found in the document is as follows:

FILE CLASS
OFFICIAL FILE COPY 
OFFICE OF RECORD

4732/Capt. John C. Hynek 
6/216/1

AFOIN-4

AFOIN-4X2b

AFOIN-4X3: China Lake, Califormia

AFOIN-4X3:

AFOIN-4X4

CIN-1A

AFOIN-4B

AFOIN-4C

AFOIN-4D

AFOIN-4E

AFOIN-4F

OTHERS

Definite identification of your sighting has not been made as yet. However, the information will be used in our continuing investigation, and analysis of the incidents in question.

The matter is under certain examination and you are located in an area which is surrounded by a number of flight-test stations, air-fields and other related military activity. As a review of a detailed map will indicate.

From your brief description and speed of the objects observed, the possibility that they were meteors or jets may be given consideration. However, on the basis of your statement that the objects hovered, it does not appear that they conform to the former. You may rest assured that the matter will be given proper study.

Your interest in this matter is greatly appreciated.

Sincerely,

ROBERT E. O'CONNOR 
Captain, USAF
Assistant Adjutant

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document containing handwritten text.

Commanding Officer
United States Air Force 
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

This last Friday I saw something which I feel I should report to you, and since I can't know exactly who to report it to, I am addressing this to your organization. As answering the questions in the order in which I saw them, it is a so-called Air Force Form in one of the sightings in 1952 Donald E. Keyhoe's "Flying Saucers from Outer Space"; April, 1952 printing.

For whatever it may be worth, following is what I actually saw, and the circumstances under which I saw them. What I saw Friday night, October 3, 1956, was about 10:15. In the group of "unidentified objects". The date: October 3, 1956. Time: shortly after 10 p.m., as nearly as I can remember, and they seemed to be moving south or southwest. The geographical location was China Lake, California, a place where the U.S. naval ordnance test station.

On this particular night the objects in the sky, five in number, were quite clear, the night being very clear and there was no moon. The objects were travelling in an erratic path, sometimes seeming to stop and hover, sometimes travelling at a fairly good speed. They would then appear to dart or zig-zag rapidly, in what I can only describe as a dance-like fashion. This went on for quite some time, I would estimate about 15 minutes. 

The objects appeared to be about 75 feet square, with the surrounding building, two of which at least 50 feet from the south side of the opening and, consequently, 45 feet from the north side.

I am quite certain that these objects or some of them came to a near stop right overhead, and then proceeded on in a north-south direction. The night was clear, no clouds and there was no moon. The objects were very bright, as bright as the brightest star, and there was no sound. All of a sudden, they would shoot away at tremendous speed, only to reappear a few seconds later. Things about as bright as the brightest star but shining with a steady glow rather than twinkling, as stars do.

They seemed to be guided by some unseen force as their movements were so erratic, but, not far off, more hovering-like in their hovering. I would say what I saw were what is frequently referred to as "flying saucers". I have never seen anything like it before, and I would be at a loss to explain what I saw, except that it did not seem to be an ordinary aircraft or anything I have ever seen before.

As I watched them, they seemed to cross the visible portion of the sky in about two minutes, disappearing in the distance, only to reappear a few seconds later. Their elevation seemed to vary from about two of these diameters upward to about eight or ten. They traveled from southwest to northeast and then reversed their direction, flying back toward the southwest. From my vantage point, they appeared to be approximately 3,000 feet altitude, and they wavered a bit, the way one would expect of a flock of birds.

This is all I have to report, since this includes just about all the facts involved that I can recall.

Sincerely yours,

- page 3 -

