PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 June 1956

2. LOCATION
SE of Louisville, Kentucky

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 01/0100Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
unknown

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one or two

9. COURSE
SE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One or two white objects, "not as large as a locomotive" appeared to have a tail when turning. Estimated to be 5,000 to 20,000 feeb above ground. Very fast.

11. COMMENTS
This sighting was possibly caused by aircraft known to be in the area at the time of the sighting. Note that the observer stated that the object(s) were turning and descending. Time of day: dusk.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
[x] Was Aircraft
[x] Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

No Report In File.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Official U.S. Air Force [partially cut off]
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 Feb 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The rest of the text is a handwritten narrative that appears to describe a UFO sighting, but due to the handwritten nature and some illegibility, I cannot confidently transcribe the entire text without potentially introducing errors.]

The handwritten text begins with "they was speeding from north to south" and continues with a detailed description, but the full details would require careful line-by-line transcription to ensure accuracy.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

!UFO form continued                                                Page 8

[Handwritten text, partially legible due to cursive script and some words being difficult to discern]

Closing line appears to be "Sincerely yours" at the bottom of the page.

The text appears to be a continuation of a report or letter discussing some details about an event or observation, but due to the handwritten nature, not all words can be confidently transcribed.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE FLYING SAUCER
(issued in september)                                                August 1957.
CENTRO DE PESQUISA DOS DISCOS VOADORES - CPDV - Box 8449 - Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Auripnebo Berrance Simoes, Editor.

CONTACTS IN BRAZIL (continued from Bulletin No. 6)
So far four people have claimed to have contacted entities from other worlds and all the four are state of Sao Paulo residents. Three of them live in Santos and the other lives in near-by Santos. We have abridged the stories of P.A. or Fidelis, our Dino Krasnow, the case of Marcelo Godoi, "the porter" and The Flying Saucer. Now we have two cases left, we will call them the "Rossi" case and "the Guimaraes case". Like the two former cases mentioned, there is no reason whatever to even slightly suppose that the contacts are authentic. They are not. Don't ask the reason for telling this. I believe the liars themselves would find it extremely difficult to tell themselves why they have lied. Perhaps one or two of them "know" that they lied, but at least two believe that they have not lied. Mr. Guimaraes and Mr. Rossi. If we were allowed to suggest two reasons why these contact stories were conducted we would put it this way:

Fidelis (P.A.): partly out of vanity, partly to make money, he wants people to know how wise he is, how sharp is his sense to ask unanswerable questions and also to offer a theory for the saucer's propulsion. He is terribly in need of money and think he can live as a writer.

Godoi: does not want to make money; just likes to have a crowd around him. To listen to his wild yarns.

Rossi: Wants to make money, but believes he went to Venus. Hallucination.

Guimaraes: Hallucination. Does not want to write a book. Preaches love among all human beings. Wants atomic explosions to stop. Mystic.

Rossi and Fidelis have written books. Rossi has plainly said that he wants to make money. Nice honest fellow. Fidelis, a sane, is going to write some more books about saucers. At the bottom he is amusing himself hugely.

Since Rossi has written a book, he will be the last one we will deal with. Let us take the recent case of Professor Joao Freira Guimaraes, who got the headlines not only in Brazil but also in Europe. We are herein conveying first hand information. We have to expose Professor Guimaraes as another hoaxer, because he has always been a very respectable citizen. He teaches Roman Code at the law School of Santos; he is a resident of the lawyers Association; he has been for several high institutions and belongs to a traditional family in Sao Paulo. Nonetheless his story is not true. The maximum we allow him is "that he has had an hallucination and that his tale has been concocted for 'a good cause'".

[The rest of the text continues but is cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

15-16 JUNE 1956

- 2 -

But when someone claims to have made contact with beings from other worlds, then this becomes quite different and saucers, even if casually so, get first page attention.

"On August 13 1957 practically all newspapers in Sao Paulo published the story of a new contact. The thing seemed to be hot news because the protagonist was Dr. Joao Freitas Guimaraes a respectable professor at the Santos Law School. I know that five days before the news got newspaper's attention Jose Escobar Faria had been in Santos trying to interview Mr. Guimaraes, but this latter turned his back on Escobar, saying, over the telephone, that the case was being investigated by Aeronautical Authorities, to whom Escobar should as his questions. Smalling a Fact, Escobar brought his attempted interview, a close and later pointed out to the press, the similarity between Guimaraes' and Adamski's alleged contact. Five days later the papers disclosed the news about Guimaraes. (These were not my exact words to Major Keyhoe, but the essence is the same. Editor.)

Allegedly on June 15 or 16 (about 14 months ago) Mr. Guimaraes was calmly watching the waves from a sitting position from a Sao Sebastiao beach in the state of Sao Paulo coast. It was about 19:00 6 o'clock local time (22:00 GMT) dark, cold clear night. Mr. Guimaraes attended was suddenly called to something bulky poised right were the waves touch the sandy beach. Although the thing was surrounded by a reddish glow, Guimaraes's first thought was that a whale head itself stranded. A whale is not a common sight around Sao Sebastiao but it is not too rare either. Besides the bulky thing was around some water into the air. Soon however, Guimaraes realized that he had before him a 20 meters-wide contraption whose general shape was like the saucers usually seen in magazines. The thing was about 6 or 7 meters high. Besides the red glow around the periphery, there was another glow on the top of a dome. Guimaraes said he saw distinctly two - I repeat - two balls under the belly of the disc, as though they were landing gear balls. Amazed he got up and took a hatch from the saucer lower part opened and a flight of steps was lowered toward the ground. Two men came down these steps and walked straight to the place where Guimaraes was. Sort of startled Guimaraes spoke to them in Portuguese, in English, in French and Italian, wanting to know whether they were in trouble and needed some help. The men from the saucer never opened their mouths to answer him. Then Guimaraes became aware that he was mentally or telepathically being invited to go inside the disc and even if he wished to take a little trip aboard it. Guimaraes doubted his senses, but again and again insistently the same Portuguese version came to his mind. He then decided to enter the craft. He walked between the two men. When they were well inside the ship, the hatch was closed and Guimaraes sat on a curved sofa, facing the portholes. Soon he heard a humming sound which increased in pitch until the frequency was too high for him to notice it. He was taking

The trip lasted for 40 minutes and the craft landed about 60 meters from the starting point on the Sao Sebastiao beach. During the trip, a few minutes after take-off, the saucer started vibrating and Guimaraes rather afraid asked one of the crew-members whether they were having some trouble. The mental answer received was: "We are leaving your planet's atmosphere; we are then shifting to a magnetic means of propulsion."

Through the port-holes Guimaraes could see that they had passed a very dark zone, "lousy" with stars and flaming clouds and were now approaching a zone of very intense violet light. In could see the earth as a blue sphere about 1/4 the size of the full moon. According to the newspapers Guimaraes reckoned he had been just out of the earth's atmosphere - 500 to 700 kilometers high. Then the saucer again passed the dark zone and soon landed. Joao Freitas Guimaraes rushed out of the saucer without looking back. Upon arriving at the hotel where he was staying for the night, he noticed that it was 20:25 6 o'clock (23,25 GMT) and he then corrected his anti-magnetic wrist watch that had stopped working soon after he entered the saucer.

Answering reporters questions Guimaraes said that there were five people in the saucer, but he had only seen three of them. During the whole trip he was chaperoned by a standing crew-member. All men were tall, beardless, blonde and their hair reached to their shoulders. They seemed to be of a nordic type. They never spoke among themselves. Their eyes were blue and full of kindness. They dressed a sort of ski-suit, green in color, their shoes seemed to be made of green rubber. It would be difficult to say whether they were men or women.

They refused to tell their origin. All the Guimaraes spoke aloud in Portuguese, but they never spoke among themselves.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 3 -

guess and the answers were always telepathic. They had come on a mission of investigation and of warning. An appointment for a meeting had been agreed upon, for August 12 1957 about the same time and on the same spot. Guimaraes had not made good his word because someone belonging to his family had died the day before. He had kept the secret for 14 months (since June 15 or 16 1956), but Dr. Lincoln Fialho said: Strange happenings had let the cat out of the bag. That's why the newspapers knew about his adventure and that's why on August 12 1957 so many people including reporters had gone to Sao Sebastiao.

He added that within our atmosphere the central body and the flange-like rim of the disc rotate contrarywise, thus producing "ethereization" and half a vacuum. This vacuum reaches 300 meters on any desired direction and the suction was constantly being impelled toward this vacuum by the air pressure. There's a special device on the top of the dome and around the outer rim of the flange, giving off an incandescent light; this is the process of filtering some rays. When out of planets' atmospheres the propulsion is then shifted to "magnetic". Inside the ship there was only one instrument; it was a circle like a radarscope provided with three funny needles which indicated direction of flight - right, left, up & down.

[Below the text is a hand-drawn diagram of a UFO/flying saucer with labels]

This is the disc as drawn by Professor Guimaraes.

On August 14th, TV Channel 3, as advertised, would present Guimaraes between 12:00 and 13:00 o'clock, local time. At home, I watched him being questioned by two announcers. I went to the studios and arrived there just when the interview was at its end. Guimaraes had repeated the whole story. It was agreed, that he would appear on a night show on August 20th at the same station, at about 22:00 o'clock for a longer show. I was invited to be present and accepted.

I tried in vain to talk to Guimaraes privately because of curious people was tremendous. Finally I got his permission to drive him to his home in Santos. With me were my wife, Dr. Mario Cintra Gordiano and Dr. Jayme Velez. The first is an Electronic engineer (Goronobe, France) and the second, a famous lawyer, actually the revisor of a book about saucers I am about to have published. Forty minutes after our trip began, we all were at Mr. Guimaraes' home. He had told a tall tale.

I pointed out to him that in order to see the earth, that size he should have been at least three million kilometers out of our atmosphere, and I gave as an example the distance from the moon, 384 thousand kilometers, as compared to the earth, etc. Guimaraes had not thought about it and was rather shocked. He said he had never read a book about spacers, nevertheless he suddenly mentioned "International Bankers" as main culprits, for the silence, etc. Because, he said, ago from worlds far more advanced than ours and many people on earth are aware of their motives, too, but I would be terrible for the bankers to see the collapse of our progress if a new energy were discovered. The source had come because due to the atomic explosions there were differences in the luminescence of several ionized layers; these layers are responsible for the possibility of life on the earth, but we are jeopardizing our security by exploding atomic bombs. People from other worlds can't interfere directly but, are worried about our scientific mischiefs. People from other worlds are nice people who would like to see us improving morally, to avoid wars, to be kind to each other, etc. (Adamski's phrasing). At a certain point in our talk I told him that I admired Adamski because he had had the moral courage to invent a story.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 4 -

on behalf of mankind welfare and that I thought he Guimaraes had done the same thing for the same good purposes. I emphasized that some lies are worth telling. Guimaraes just looked at me as though agreeing but he did not commit himself. Mrs. Since requested description of the saucer and a reproduction of the conversation Guimaraes had maintained with the crew-members. He told her "everything" in two minutes. She pointed out that any of us would be able to reproduce with almost all details the conversation we were keeping for 40 minutes, whereas he seemed to be unable to reproduce his own conversation with the "Martians". Guimaraes had a hard time to refrain his anger and offered no answer. Then he blurted out that he was not authorized to tell everything he knew. Even if he did - he would not be believed or would be taken a lunatic.

On August 19th some reporter called to learn what I thought about flying saucers. I told them. I also told that I had no reasons to believe that contacts have been established and that in all probability Mr. Guimaraes (I did not mention his name) like many others was a mystic and like a new Messiah was doing his best to save the world. At that time I had made up my mind to be absent from the incoming longer TV show that would take place on the following night. Then I communicated to Dr. Cintra Gordinho and Jayme Velaz that in all probability Mr. Guimaraes, if asked again, would deny that he had seen the earth from a distance and would also be a few miles away that night.

On the TV show, answering direct questions Guimaraes flatly denied that he had seen the earth from a distance. The papers - he said - had distorted his declaration. He added that he knew of an investigation in Sao Paulo, who was writing a book about saucers (your editor) who would illustrate his book with authentic photographs of saucers he had obtained from... (trace yourselves) the Pantanal!!! Guimaraes, fortunately for him, did not mention my name.

When he first disclosed the news, all papers published that Guimaraes had an appointment to meet the sky-people on last August 12; when he took him to Santos he said the papers had lied; he had never made such a statement. Nevertheless on the evening of August 20 he confirmed on TV quintessence answer. Proving that he had an appointment for some day in August 1957. He was not sure of the day because the saucer people had shown him in signs of the Zodiac and he after some reckoning thought it would be around August 12th.

Guimaraes said that although people from other worlds are far more advanced and powerful than earthian they do not want to intervene personally on earthian matters and because governments are not cooperative, they select simple people who by their way of living can make a better propaganda, pro peace and the prohibition of nuclear experiments.

Guimaraes came to the TV arena followed by most of his students, who brought a paper signed by them all testifying that Guimaraes is a nice professor, a respectable citizen and what they believed. Him - the saucer who were unknown to Guimaraes. Addressing the crowd one of the announcers asked whether there was anybody who could witness, or stand as a witness that Guimaraes was not lying. There were two people, but only one spoke. Mr. Jorge Pereira.

Mr. Pereira said he was a real-estate dealer in Santos. Many months ago, when he was leaving a party near the beach he had seen a flying saucer. He had told his friend about his seeing but nobody paid much attention. He was laughed into silence; many a time Professor Guimaraes asked him jokingly whether he had seen many flying saucers lately. Then, very amazed, through the news, Pereira had learned that Guimaraes - the joker - had also seen his saucer and even had taken a short trip aboard one of those machines. Since the papers had written that a new meeting between Guimaraes and the saucer people would take place on August 12 in Sao Sebastiao, Pereira had gone to that place to watch the coming of the saucer. There are many beaches around Sao Sebastiao and Pereira knew not which one it would be, therefore he hired a horse-drawn vehicle and with the cart driver and two of his nephews he searched almost all beaches for Guimaraes. It was 2013 6 o'clock local time (23:13 GMT) when the four travelers spotted a green light doing zig-zags and up-and-downs beside a mountain island. The thing got nearer quickly causing the driver and one of his nephews to flee shamelessy. The object was a greenish disc of light and when it banked over the waves he could see that there was a landing gear exactly as described by Guimaraes. Then Mr. Pereira realized that the saucer had made good its promise of coming back on August 12, but that for some reason Guimaraes was nowhere to be seen. After a while the saucer went into the clouds and disappeared. Soon after Pereira no-


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 5 -

tied that very far on another beach there were car lights and flash lights, probably from people who, like him, had come to see the meeting. He went hastily there and arrived when the crowd was dispersing in disappointment because the saucer had not come. Pereira told them about he had seen on the other side of the mountain island, but apparently nobody believed him. He spoke to at least four reporters.

Pereira decided to stay overnight in Sao Sebastiao. On the following morning, he went to Ilha Bela - a big island about three miles from Sao Sebastiao - to see the famous Pedra do Sino (bell stone) that gives off the sound of a cathedral bell when hit with another stone. Some reporters and photographers who on the previous evening were waiting for the saucer, also came to Ilha Bela to shoot a few photos. At lunch time on the resort plaza, they were all together when an Ilha Bela City Hall representative entered the restaurant and started telling them about a saucer he had seen the night before, at about 22:15 6 clock local time (01:15 GMT). According to Pereira, his description tallied with what he had seen at 20:13 (23:13 GMT).

Pereira named about ten witnesses who independently saw the saucer on August 12 or heard the Ilha Bela public official say he had seen a saucer. The announcer apparently said not to believe either Guimaraes or Pereira, but he was not interested in Mr. Pereira's testimony; all he wished was to address ironical questions to Guimaraes who never batted an eyelid and answered as best as he could.

Guimaraes was unable to tell whether the saucer was metallic or not. "the inside walls were coated by something fibrous but not plastic." Systematically Guimaraes evaded almost all questions put by serious investigators who soon saw that the whole thing was another hoax. The only reason why Guimaraes got the tremendous publicity or popular was due to his high position. This however, means nothing in this case. The best advice is to ignore Guimaraes & contact.


- page 8 -

No Case (Information Only)                                17 June 1956
                                                                   Cincinnati, Ohio

Case 165, Cincinnati, 1 a.m. June 17, 1956—The following case was related to, CRIFO by [redacted], member of the Cincinnati Astronomical Society, who vouches for the veracity of the sighting. Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] were awakened. According to the [redacted], watched, watched the strange object through an open window. At first it was a stationary, silent brilliant spot in the northwest sky, about 15 degrees above the horizon. Then it seemed to move closer, and without declination or swerve, it grew in size. In fullest view, it appeared almost twice the size of the moon, was very red and shaped "like a bowl facing downward." Dangling from the bottom were bright red streamers. In view for about 10 minutes, the object then scattered rapidly, became a pinpoint of light, then disappeared. On request of the [redacted] watched the same area the next night, but saw nothing.

Ed: Noted is the dangling red streamers which bears similarity to "streams of light spraying downward" described by [redacted] in Case 167. Another point, no other person reported the nonscript object witnessed by the [redacted] despite its tremendous size. Such would indicate that the [redacted] was sorry and not a test dropped over the Madison Proving Grounds (Indiana) which lies over 50 miles to the southwest. Distance also rules out Wright-Patterson Field. Surely if such a large item had been dropped at those distances, the ground/rail switchyards would have been busy and CRIFO would have heard.


- page 9 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                29 June - July 30 1956
                                                                                    Yonkers, New York

Case 166, Yonkers, N. Y. June 29, 30, July 3, 1956—The Herald-Statesman of Yonkers, July 5 said: "Skywatchers report thrilling post-midnight sight . . . It is of orange color, more nearly red. To one with a 30-power telescope, it appears round, then oval. It was moving at what seemed to be considerable speed. One report is that the phenomenon was noted after 1 a.m. on Saturday. Another report tells of the orange-in-the-sky around the same hour or a little later just ahead of the rainstorm. . ." While the remainder of the newspaper's item gibbered in ridicule, a letter received from J. Yonkers, describes his observations in more detail. Said Wiegers:

". . . I phoned the Herald-Statesman and spoke to Oxie Reichler, editor, regarding my sighting on June 29-30. He asked, 'Are you talking about the orange colored thing seen in the sky over Yonkers?' I told him I didn't know anyone else saw anything and not to use my name if he were to write a story. Replied Reichler, 'I report that a red ball was seen before 2 a.m. only this morning (July 31). There were others, too.'

"Then described his sighting of June 29 as follows: '9:45 p.m., clear evening, no wind. My wife pointed to a round, red-dish-orange light to the left of the big dipper. It seemed to grow and was not too sharply defined in outline. In the naked eye and emitted no sound. A moment before I had been observing Saturn with my 30x80 mm. Bausch & Lomb telescope and turned when my wife said, 'Look at that peculiar light.' Quickly swinging the scope around, I first looked with naked eye and saw it standing still and silent. Then sighting it through the telescope, I saw it was a bright orange light. It began to move north and I soon found it extremely hard to keep in vision. The 10 seconds seemed like a minute. It looked like a disc and faded from view in the direction of West Point.

"On June 30, I was alone on the back porch about 10:30 p.m. and saw another object coming from the south. It was going directly over the house. I grabbed my 30x80 telescope and focused it quickly. I recall it was of a silvery-whitish color and oval in shape. This, too, went by very rapidly and silently. I confess I was unprepared, and cannot say what it was—but I'm sure the previous night's UFO was the same type reported by [text obscured]"


- page 10 -

1 - 19 JULY 1956 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER                EVALUATION

Jul     Cairo, Egypt                            Ayad (PHOTO)            Other (BIRDS)
1       Columbus, Ohio                          T/A A/C Fire Dept       Insufficient Data
1       Crescent City, Florida (CASE MISSING)   Civilian GOC            Insufficient Data
2       NAS North Island, California            Military                Balloon
2       Winchester, Massachusetts (CASE MISSING) Civilian               Aircraft
2       Kingston, Washington                    Astro (STAR)
3       Jackson, Mississippi                    Astro (METEOR)
5       58.25N  135.42W (Alaska)                Military                Aircraft
5       Fairbanks, Alaska                       Multi (Civ & Mil)       Balloon
5       Stanton, Nebraska                       Balloon
6       Euclid, Ohio                            Multi (Air & RADAR)     Aircraft
6       Big Rock Candy Mt, Utah                 Balloon
6       Arenda, Columbia, South America         Panafiel (PHYS SPEC)    Other (ARTILLERY SHELL
                                                                        PROJ)
7       Bountiful, Utah                                                 Balloon
3       Cincinnati, Ohio (CASE MISSING)         Civilian GOC            Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
3-13    Saugerties, New York                    Other (GROUND LIGHT)
11      Wilmington, Delaware                    Aircraft
11      Brooklyn, New York                      Multi Cam
12      Custer AFS, Michigan                    Military Radar          Insufficient Data
12      Amarillo, Texas                         Aircraft
12      Monrovia, Indiana (CASE MISSING)        Civilian                Insufficient Data
14      Crosswood Lake, New York                Aircraft
14      Pulawy, Washington (CASE MISSING)       Civilian                Balloon
15      Oklahoma City, Oklahoma (CASE MISSING)  Civilian GOC            Aircraft
15      Jonesville, N.C.                        Aircraft
16      Los Angeles, California                 Insufficient Data
16      Long Beach, California                  Astro (HIRS)
16, 19, 30 San Buys, California                 Other (HOAX)
17      Windham Center, Connecticut             Other (IMAGINATION)
17      Westie, Long Island, New York           Military Air            Other (FLARES)
17      Westover, Massachusetts                 Military (RADAR)        Insufficient Data
17      Otis AFB, Massachusetts                 Military Air            Insufficient Data
18      Arkansas City, Kansas                   Multi                   Balloon
18      Seattle, Washington                     Aircraft
19      McGee, Maine                            Balloon
19      San Francisco, California               Multi (PHOTO)           Astro (METEORS)
                                                                        Other (HOAX)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASE)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE                  EVALUATION

3-7     Browny, Kentucky                        Newsclipping
3       Little Rock, Arkansas                   Newsclipping
10      Washington, Indiana                     Newsclipping
10      Cincinnati, Ohio & Northern Kentucky    Newsclipping
11      Gary, Indiana                           Newsclipping
19      Wichita, Kansas                         Newsclipping


- page 11 -

No Case (Information Only)                1 June 1956
                                                    Los Angeles, California

June 1 - Los Angeles - A brilliant meteor-like object - brighter
than Venus - was noticed by local residents at 8:19 p.m.
visiting amateur astronomer, said it displayed a reddish hue in its large head, and left a short, light blue trail.
The object moved to brighten, slightly before it terminated about
200 miles west of Los Angeles. Observers described the object
it as having a bright blue tail that faded into blue, yellow and
red shadow.    (Los Angeles Examiner, 6/2)


- page 12 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

BODY
BRILLIANT
PURE WHITE INNER EDGE

BODY
PROP. 60 FT. DIAM. SHAPE OF BODY AS IT WAS TRAVELING SLOWLY SOME OF SHAPE, WAS GRAVEL 12 FT. WIDE.

PURE WHITE DOME LIGHT WITH NO BEAM OR GLOW OUTWARD.

NO ODOR, NO SOUND HEARD.

S. W. 13

N.


- page 13 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
4/15/    Item    1956
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:    10    20-30
                Hours    Minutes
(Circle One)    A.M.    or    P.M.

3. Time Zone:    (Circle One):    a. Eastern    (Circle One):    a. Daylight Saving
                b. Central            b. Standard
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other:    Chiraq

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Parking Lot    17th St. Chicago    Illinois
    Nearest Particular Address        City or Town        State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    5-10
                            Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined:    After sight was 10:30
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                NIGHT
    a. Bright            a. Bright
    b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):    a. In front of you    d. To your left
                b. In back of you    e. Overhead
                c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM                                                    Page 1
FTD OCT 64    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 14 -

FORCE UFO FORM                                                Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light Very reduced bright/still covered
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Very bright appears more like mercury's light

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: The edge of the object was circular, object came possible bright edge dark or fading

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or any time?
b. Suddenly speed up?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Checkboxes for Yes, No, Don't know for each item]


- page 15 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: the six story building on my right side when I was standing out side sidewalk I could
approximately see object (was at distance)

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: I saw it move across the building at the building in approximately
I from the next cycle of the building (two or more) again.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: there was no sound
b. Color: white bright intense - pink I cannot call color
c. Shape: Bright light

18. We wish to know the angular size, hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match?
Approximately 1/2 moon size. But was at some great, apparently in perfect parallel
from north to south at a considerable distance in the
time of this object distance in

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch shows two oval/circular shapes with a vertical line/arrow between them indicating direction of movement]


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                   Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?_______

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?__________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?                23. Were you (Circle One):
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building                                                a. in the business section of a city?
b. In a car                                                        b. in the residential section of a city?
c. Outdoors                                                        c. in open countryside?
d. In an airplane (type)                                           d. Near an airfield?
e. At sea                                                          e. Flying over a city?
f. Other                                                           f. Flying over open country?
                                                                   g. Other:

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                                e. South                   g. West
b. Northeast                            f. Southwest               h. Northwest
c. East                                 d. Southeast
24.2 How fast were you moving?________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   I stopped several times

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No                e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No                f. Telescope    Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No                g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No                h. Other:_______

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text in response to question 26, which appears to describe some details about the object's appearance, but is partially illegible]

"S" and "Late Frio" are written at the bottom of the page.


- page 17 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. In the compass rose, place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object, and "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Two (2)
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Handwritten notes are also present on the document, including some annotations near the diagrams, but the text is partially illegible.


- page 18 -

UFO form continued

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes   -No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: [blank]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [blank]
ADDRESS: New York, NY
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [blank]   AGE: 73   SEX: male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Artist

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Day, Month, Year fields are blank]
none


- page 19 -

