There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a Project 10073 Record Card.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE  
2. LOCATION
Ventura, California
3. DATE/TIME GROUP
23/0339Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Civilian & Military
5. PHOTOS
X  Yes
  No
7.1st OBSERVER: Ten miles and five minutes ago by two
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Two round objects, red and white, the size of Porch light, hold position, then moving very fast, up and down in a semi-circular path, disappear in westerly direction behind AFB Tower. No radar contact with this object.
12. CONCLUSIONS
X Was Balloon
  Probably Balloon
  Was Aircraft
  Probably Aircraft
  Was Astronomical
X Possibly Astronomical
  Insufficient Data for Evaluation
  Unknown
11. COMMENTS
The observation of the sighting, the time, location, etc. this record that the objects were reported as "holding position, then moving very fast, up and down in a semi-circular path, disappear in westerly direction behind AFB Tower". It is checked that this led to the above checked conclusions. If does not indicate that the objects were traveling very slow and other "very fast" if they were seen for the periods indicated in 7 above.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document, likely a page from a Project Blue Book report.

Text extracted from the image:

Ventura, California
ROTA DARA'AAJZ a 7' To. 2/21/56 CASE 63-54
On 3/1/56, SIGCo a report from SHULL of VENTURA, CALIFORNIA that
he had observed an unidentified flying object on 2/21/56.
OBJECT OBSERVED: Object was observed for approximately 2-3 minutes. object was
round in shape, appeared to be self-luminous, and was white in color. Object was
observed moving in a generally northerly direction at an estimated altitude of
6,000-7,000 feet. At times, object appeared to gain altitude, then descend. Object made
no sound and left no trail.
WITNESSES: SHULL was the only witness. He stated that the object was observed from
his residence located on Ventura Avenue. SHULL is a business man, but no other
biographical data is available.
EVALUATION: The object described could have been a weather balloon or a star/planet.
However, the fact that the object was observed to gain altitude and descend would seem to
rule out the possibility of its being a star or planet. The fact that the object was
self-luminous and maneuverable would seem to rule out the possibility of it being a
weather balloon. Therefore, this case is classified as UNIDENTIFIED.
RECOMMENDATION: No further action is recommended.

- page 2 -

