PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 14 October 1956

2. LOCATION: Cincinnati, Ohio

3. EXTERNAL ORIGIN
Local___ Night

GMT

3. PHOTOS
XEX Yes
[ ] No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION:

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[ ] Ground-Visual TX     [ ] Ground-Radar
[ ] Air-Visual          [ ] Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 9. COURSE
Ohio

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Photos of moon & light submitted for analysis.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[ ] Probably Balloon
[ ] Probably Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[ ] Probably Aircraft
[ ] Possibly Aircraft
[ ] Was Astronomical
[ ] Probably Astronomical
[ ] Possibly Astronomical
[ ] Other
[ ] Insufficient Date for Evaluation
[ ] Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Photographer taking pictures of moon through telescope. Photo not of moon. This was attributed to off-axis, distorted & overexposed, (probably not faked) shot when the telescope was pointing near the moon giving rise to internal reflections. Camera offset in TX.

(Analysis by [redacted])

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 24 SEP 52)

- page 1 -

[handwritten: This case includes five(5) 4"x5" photographs.]

- page 2 -

UFO News Report

By THOMAS M. COMELLA

EXCLUSIVE! . . . For the last few months TRC has been extensively investigating a series of sightings in the Cleveland, Ohio, area. When all of the facts, diagrams and maps were integrated, we realized that these incidents formed one of the most comprehensive UFO files to be found anywhere.

For many weeks TRC pondered what action should be taken and we finally placed the complete file in the hands of the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright Patterson Field, Dayton, Ohio. The case file was also sent to prominent persons in other governmental agencies. We feel that this file proves conclusively that unidentified flying objects are controlled by extra-terrestrial intelligence who are visiting the Earth for a very definite purpose.

Visitors Move In Close: Cleveland Observed: On October 14, 1955, I was driving north on Kemper Road in Cleveland. At approx. 7:20 p.m. a string of yellowish lights caught my attention in the upper right of my windshield. I pointed the objects out to my companion and we were both amazed at the brightness and arrangement of the strange objects. They were much brighter than the nearby car and street lights and stood out brilliantly in the night sky. I slowed down and we watched them make a gradual turn. They executed this maneuver simultaneously. As soon as possible, I phoned my report to other investigators in the area with whom we had been working. The case was recorded but not much was made of it. Exactly one week later, on October 21st at 7:15 p.m., Ed Smith of Cleveland telephoned me. He described an unknown object with a dome on top that made several "passes" at the National Malleable Steel Bldg. The object projected two, possible lights downward before disappearing to the east. I immediately called Al Roush, who lives in South Euclid, an eastern suburb of Cleveland. Al told me that he and his wife had seen the object pass low over their home. The next day, TRC started an extensive investigation. The results of that investigation and the conclusions drawn follow:

Immediate interviewing revealed five other witnesses to the happening along a route from west to east. They included a country club doorman, a Sohio gas station attendant and local residents. Maps were drawn of the object's course and when all of the facts were correlated we had a very complete record of a UFO flight over Cleveland.

To establish the unknown classification, Al Roush spoke to many authorities whose business it is to know what goes on in the air. Mr. Hilliard, Safety Division of the C.A.A., told TRC that the only advertising plane in this area was not up during the UFO sighting. Also, a discussion with Mr. Turner of the Goodyear Wingfoot Air Ship Base in Akron, Ohio, revealed that no blimp was over Cleveland that night or any other night that week!

Another check with Mr. Gorhan of the Cleveland Air Taxi, Inc., proved that a helicopter could not have been responsible for the unusual sighting. With these results, Mr. Roush proceeded to the Canton Air Force Filter Center with his report. He was interviewed by a Sgt. Lee, who seemed extremely interested. After several conferences with officials of the base, Sgt. Lee told Mr. Roush: "Well, we think what you saw was an unidentified flying object. Most of the UFOs travel at tremendous rates of speed, make sharp turns and hover. This object is not in that class. However, from your account, this was a UFO . . . no other explanation seems to fit. It's a UFO is seen, we study it, get radar on it and send a report on it to higher authorities at Wright Field. Dayton will conduct an air investigation if necessary. If the sighting can be explained—then, but if it cannot be explained we have orders not to release anything on it."

So ended the first part of our investigation. The next step was to plot the sightings and approximate the course of the UFO. The results were amazing!

The first record of the object was made by Ed Smith, a Pinkerton detective. He was on duty at National Malleable when an object, with a dome, made three apparent "passes" at the building. The same object, or another one just like it, moved east toward the Cleveland suburbs losing altitude all the time. Gas station attendants at 88th Street described the object as a "row of yellow lights" with no wings and completely silent. On this craft moved down Kemper Street and a dweller later gave a similar description, with one exception. The craft had evidently lost altitude other witnesses reported that it was very low. Still, no sound was audible.

The farther east the ship moved the closer it came to Earth. Until it moved over Roush's house in South Euclid, the general description was "a row of silent yellow lights." However, Al Roush could perceive a definite shape behind the lights and it seemed to be separated into two sections. The object was at tree-top level and then made a vibrating, droning sound. No navigation lights, wings or tail could be discerned. Instead, the shape was described as that of a plain, disc-shaped object, and it was still descending.

A Mr. Thompson, doorman at the Mayfield Country Club east of Roush's house, reported a terrific thunderous noise at the same time, although he didn't go outside. Also, at the same time, a resident across from the club told us that their television set went "to the blind" when they heard a something sound. The said: "Odd that it would disturb our television set like that . . . many places fly over here and it never bothered us before!"

We interviewed residents farther east but no one had seen the object. We heard nothing that night. So, either the object went straight up after passing the club or it landed in the wooded area nearby. If one study of its flight pattern, it is believed that it landed!

Here we have a case where an unknown object glides over Cleveland, observes a vital defense installation, then slowly) disappears! Obviously it finally, apparently lands in a desolate area. It's possible that its flow ability in surveying the range of radar. The individual nature of this reconnaissance mission and concluding, . . . the UFO appeared to know the way about Cleveland and exactly what it wanted. It is believed that this could be nothing more than a reconnaissance mission after the actual purpose has been accomplished. More on this and other two-attitude sighting in future issues.

- page 3 -

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white photograph showing three grainy images arranged vertically, each depicting a bright, roughly spherical or disc-shaped object against a dark textured background]

- page 4 -

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white photograph page containing two grainy film frames showing a bright white circular or semi-circular object against dark backgrounds, with "KODAK" and "SAFETY FILM" markings visible on the film strip]

- page 5 -

No Case Information Only 2 October 1956 Trenton, New Jersey

1956,Oct.2--Delaware River--an Object with a nauseating-odor swooped down and hovered over the Delaware River. It was large & down and hovered over the Delaware River. It was large & Saucer-shaped. As it flew away, it made hissing sound...

Harry Sturdevant, Trenton, N.J., night watchman allegedly injured by UFO in October 1955, loses workmen's compensation April 21 on grounds that his experience was only a hallucination.

New Jersey man who claims he was injured as a result of a close saucer encounter in 1955, has been refused workmen's compensation for his alleged in-juring in 1955. The Workmen's Compensation Board ruled that the sighting was only a hallucination. The fellow claims that he has suffered from throat spasms, an hallucination. The fellow claims that he has suffered from throat spasms, an hallucination. The fellow claims that he suffered burns and other infirmities, all caused by the saucer...

Case 239, Trenton, N. Jersey, Oct. 2, 1956--We quote from the Trenton Evening Times as follows: "Harry Sturdevant is a night watchman... whose job is to guard equipment on a road project. At 3:45 a.m., Sturdevant was in a trailer office when he saw a terrifying sight. A large glowing object swooped down out of the sky over the Delaware River. It came within a few feet of the water and then, as suddenly as it appeared, it took off stain into the air... Sturdevant recalls that it was very stain into the air... Sturdevant recalls that it was very large--probably over 100 feet in length--that it did not have wings, that it made a hissing sound as it skimmed over the water, and that it gave off an overpowering noxious odor. Sturdevant remembers the odor more vividly than anything else. It was so nauseous that he was afraid he was going to become ill."

- page 6 -

No Case Information Only   7 October 1956   Brooklyn, New York

Case 126 Squadron of N.Y. Oct. 7, 1956
CRIFO from Edward Misklen contained four individual
statements by witnesses having seen a UFO. Sighted at
5:30 p.m., the object was generally described as oval-
shaped and metallic or silver. Said witness Richard
Winderman, "The object was directly overhead. It looked
oval and was shining like polished aluminum. . . . Mov-
ing in a southerly direction, it gave off no audible sound.
Ed While many cases in themselves are not sensational, it is noted why that many recent sightings have been daylight occurrence.

- page 7 -

No Case (Information Only)                                9 October 1956
                                                                    Rapid City, South Dakota


1956,Oct.9-Rapid City,S.D.-5:15pm-Maneuvering UFO seen by 3 Engineers.
Traveled N,about 120mph,flipping over,doing "falling leaf"
maneuvers,climbing slightly as it flew from sight. It was
about 20 x 8ft.,made no sound,observed for a min. or so!

- page 8 -

No Case Information Only     9 October 1956     Springdale, Chlo


Case 231, Springdale, Ohio, Oct 9, 1956—By phone, Mrs. James Petrey, reported the following in brief: Four witnesses at 3:30 p.m. watched, against a deep blue sky, six pinpoints of light moving with fantastic speed. It was difficult to watch them all, she said, as they darted up and down, side to side. Strangest of all was the silverish streak that seemed to connect three of the objects, she said.

Later, to the surprise of the witnesses, a countless number of red objects, swarming like birds, came in from the east. Flying in a straight horizontal path, the silent objects began dipping over and over, then disappeared behind some trees. It was an astounding sight, said Mrs. Petrey.

- page 9 -

No Case (Information Only)                9 October 1956
                                                     Little Easton, Essex, England


                                    [stamp: UFO INVESTIGATOR]
AF-UFO REPORT ORDERED DESTROYED

Evidence that the Air Force destroys some official UFO reports has been given to Prof. Charles A. Maney, NICAP Board Member, by an AF source. The photocopy below reproduces the top part of an Air Intelligence Information Report, showing a UFO sighting by two AF officers. Though the report is not unusual, the "destroy" order—which the source said was not uncommon—indicates a form of censorship previously unknown to NICAP.

UNCL

[Image shows an Air Intelligence Information Report form with "DESTROY" stamped across it]

Key points of sighting:
AF witnesses: Capt. J.J. Pollack, USAF, Flight Commander, 55th Fighter Bomber Squadron, Lt. J.S. Beisheim, USAF, Squadron Armament Officer.

Summary: Two glowing objects were sighted near the squadron base at Little Easton, England, 9 Oct. 1956. Larger UFO was the size of a pea held at arm's length or about one-half the size of the moon, similarly measured). Object pulsated, emitting five or six rays, with smaller rays between. At times, a longer, broader ray appeared, possibly a trail or exhaust. Second object, smaller, descended and disappeared. Flight Commander Pollack was rated as "very reliable" by the Squadron Intelligence Officer, First Lieut. D.W. Ketcham USAF.

As stated above, it is the "Destroy" order, not this sighting, which is important. The destruction of similar, officially verified reports will reduce the number of AF pilots and other competent observers who are on record. Regardless of the purpose, deletion of such UFO records can only result in misinforming the public.

- page 10 -

No Case Information Only    12 October 1956  Denver, Colorado


Case 292, Denver, Colo. Oct. 12, 1956—Reports the
Denver Post. "A mysterious ball of fire whistling through
the sky followed by a loud explosion sent police and
firemen on an unsuccessful search for a meteorite. Denver and suburban police and fire stations received hundreds of calls from persons who saw the strange object
about 5:30 p.m. Tom Maloy, assistant fire chief at station 13, said he saw a 'teardrop' object fly over the firehouse at about 2000 feet at a high rate of speed. It was
headed southeast and had a greenish [illegible] of
blue tail, he said. Ralph Churches of Golden, said he saw
a bright red object hanging about 200 feet over one of
his corrals."

- page 11 -

[handwritten: Dear Captain -

These
photos are meaningless
The oval is unclearly
an 88-exp. distorted and
overexposed image I can't
prove it.
altho'gh I
prove it.
Probably not taken
just in case'ther'e
if the teleoscope were
pointing at place near
the moon happened as a
result of untidy
reflections. Sincerely

[signature: Al Hynek]
on Forest [illegible]]

- page 12 -

No Case (Information Only)                13 or 14 October 1956
                                                    West Orange County, S. California

1956,Oct.13-or-14-West Orange County,S.California-A shiny,silver-colored
disc-shaped object seen at 24,000ft. by 2 Marine Pilots.
Seen from their planes,in a morning flight,as it shot over
head going in opp. direction of their craft...

- page 13 -

15 -.31 OCTOBER 1955 SIGHTINGS

DATE          LOCATION                        OBSERVER*                    EVALUATION

15            Cunningham, Tennessee (PCS: MSGM-1)Civilian          1. Balloon
15            Fernley, Nevada              Multi               2. Aircraft
16            Colfax, Iowa                                     Balloon
16            Flora, Illinois                                  Insufficient Data
17            Pahnchapi, California                            Insufficient Data
18            Viola Mg, Idaho              Military (RADAR)    Balloon
19            Ontario, Canada                                  [illegible]
20            Point Arguello, California   Military Air        Astro (METEOR)
21            Scotonia, California                             Aircraft
21            Goose AB, Newfoundland       (PHOTO)             Other (PHOTO)
22            Saulah, Michigan             Military            Astro (METEOR)
22            Dayton, Ohio                                     Insufficient Data
23            Jackson, Mississippi                             Astro (MARS)
24            Presque Isle, Maine          None               Insufficient Data
25            Newburg, New York            Multi               Balloon
26            Pueblo, Colorado             Multi               Other (BIRDS)
27            Lubbock, Texas               Multi               Astro (METEOR)
26            Anita, Iowa                                      Insufficient Data
27            Crane, Indiana               Multi               Astro (MARS)
28            Tekchapi, California                             Insufficient Data
29            Englewood, Ohio                                  Aircraft
30            Prysm City, Florida          Multi               
31            Tryon Hill, Florida                              Astro (METEOR)
31            Temple City, California                          Aircraft
32            Hensley, Arkansas                                Astro (METEOR)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE          LOCATION                        SOURCE            EVALUATION

C-1           Infinity, Barlow             Newsclipping
17            Iona Island, New York        Newsclipping
20            Petroit, Michigan            [illegible]
23-24         England                      Newsclipping
                                           (Air. Ocean 154)    Newsclipping

- page 14 -

C.R.I.F.O.
Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects

[stamp: Director]
[stamp: Cincinnati 27, Ohio]

November 7, 1956

Captain C. T. Gregory
A.T.I.C
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain Gregory,

Enclosed herewith are three photographs and five negatives obtained by the writer from Mr. [redacted] Ave., North College Hill, Cincinnati, Ohio, which may be of interest to your command. Mr. [redacted] telephone number is as follows: [redacted]. He is an employee of Shillito's and told the writer that he formerly had been a professional photographer, and, is at present, interested in astronomy, particularly lunar studies. Mr. [redacted] is in contact with members of the Cincinnati Astronomical Society according to eye photograph (which I have marked #3) wit partial ovoid light cannot be easily explained. Taken through his telescope, Mr. [redacted] said that he knees of no light of any kind before is long, nor was he aware of any unusual lights in the sky, that is., any lights appearing nearby which would show up at the size indicated. However, through powerful magnification an object, appearing visually, as a pyramid of light, may show up as photographed. Ruled out were neon sign phenomena.

Mr. [redacted] told the writer that he photographed the "object" while taking a series of shots of the moon. He has many times spoken to a writer of his interest in the moon, and I feel certain that the photograph in question was not faked to delude the writer or others. He seeks no publicity. Mr. [redacted] also gave me very reason to contact our command regarding the photographs. You may contact Mr. [redacted] for additional information regarding these photographs. If of further, I will send whatever additional information you may desire.

The photographs taken by Mr. [redacted] were taken on Sunday, October 14, 1956. On this same date, CRIFO received three dating sittings of UFO's from three separate groups of witnesses in the greater Cincinnati area. Names are as follows:

Mr. [redacted], [redacted] Ave., Bromley, Ky. Brilliant object seen from Covington, Kentucky about 4 pm. Mr. [redacted] said the sky was deep blue, no wind. While driving in traffic, he saw about quarter the size of full moon. He said the object was stationary. By the time he had reached the next block, which afforded a visual clearing of the sky, the object had disappeared. Mr. [redacted] stressed the fact that the object was unusually brilliant and large. He ruled out reflection on aircraft as an explanation. Mr. [redacted] has a pilot's license.

- page 15 -

-2-

Mr. and Mrs[redacted] Batavia, Ohio. Having first learned of the sighting from Mrs.[redacted] an employee in the advertising department at the [redacted] Co., of which I am manager, I asked for more detailed information. Mrs. [redacted] husband responded by writing up the following details:

"On Sunday, Oct. 14, 1956 at about 6:30 pm, while traveling east on U.S Highway 52, between Ripley and New Richman, Ohio, I saw a reddish orange object in the sky. At first I thought it was a jet making a vapor trail, but the trail didn't seem to get any larger, in fact it all seemed to be traveling at the same speed, and, in a northerly direction for at least a minute then it turned straight up and disappeared out of sight.

[handwritten: STARTING HERE IT WAS DEEP ORANGE, and BRIGHT RED     THE BACK END WAS ALMOST PINK]

When the object turned it did not make an arc but made a sharp turn like this

[upward arrow]

The whole thing seemed to turn at one time. A jet would have had a curve to its turn but this did not. My wife and son were with me at the time. She was driving so I did not take my eyes off it until it was out of sight. They all saw it."

Mr. [redacted] (and wife)[redacted] Pike, Ft. Thomas, Ky. Object sighted in Northeast from Highland Hts, Ky at about 1:30 pm. Mr. [redacted] described the object as large, about the size of a nickel held at arm's length. It was gun metal gray and without apparent wings or tail or other appendages. He said the object appeared to be stationary for about a minute, and was quite low.

Thus, in brief, are the descriptions of the UFO's seen by three separate groups on October 14, plus the photographs. I hope they may prove to be of value to you and your command.

In light of the international crisis, I hope that I may be able to serve your command more thoroughly and expeditiously. I have not yet phoned Lt. Colonel [redacted] Greene in Washington in regard to the matter discussed by phone on November 6, 1956. I believe a phone call would only add to the confusion already existing as to my status. I might try by letter, however, hoping that clarification might be obtainable.

Sincerely [redacted]

P.S: Please return the enclosed photographs and negatives to the writer after analysis as [redacted] left them in my responsibility.

- page 16 -

[handwritten: N/A]

Box 9703
1125th FAG (ATIC)
Wright-Patterson AFB,
Ohio
14 November 1956

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Smithsonian Institution
Astrophysical Observatory
60 Garden Street
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Dr. Hynek:

Attached herewith is a series of photographs submitted by Mr. [redacted] Director of CRIFO and "The UFO," a UFO publications. I am certain this gentleman needs no introduction, inasmuch as we have discussed him before. It may also interest you to know that his case file, containing material dating back a number of years, was submitted to Headquarters, Air Force, as a representative example of a "private" UFO research organization.

I submit these directly to you for evaluation rather than to our photo people because of the photo-astronomical aspects which, I feel, we do not have the degree of knowledge that your staff possesses.

Attached also is a copy of a letter from Mr. [redacted] relating, briefly, the circumstances under which these photos were taken. We shall keep this case in suspense, which we will call the "Bleton Case," pending return of your analysis and comments.

At first glance, I am prompted to remark that in my younger days as a "keen teen," I attempted to attach a "Brownie" camera to one end of a cardboard tube telescope and photograph the moon. I recall an over-anxious object appearing on one of the photos, after I accidently knocked the telescope completely around where it faced a light bulb. The camera being offset, tripped, with the result that it photographed the opening of the telescope through the long, black-painted tunnel of the tube.

It would have been interesting if the moon was in the same photo with the "object." As it is now, it could be anything photographed in the darkness. The absence of stars or other images in the background is significant, in view of the fact that if the sky was photographed with any degree of magnification, other celestial objects or lights would undoubtedly appear on the plate.

- page 17 -

17 November 1956

Now, to less professional things. The last three weeks have been a little
on the loose side. A full-dress rehearsal, plus a "command" performance to the tc
people on our mutual project, was given recently. It was some thing that had been a prime objective at nos pleasant
surprise - but it was some thing that had been a prime objective at nos pleasant
cues all in detail with you during my visit to Boston. Will dis-

I should like to thank you in behalf of those members of the Air Sciences
Division who were tendered invitations to witness the project in Vandalia. We
certainly enjoyed it, and we had some interesting discussions the subject of
possible applications of the instrument other than those considered during the
"Under-water" forum.

I have made payable to your consultant account the sum of $[illegible] for four
and one-half hours of contact services rendered on the 17th of October. We have
just received a detailed report on the "Lighting" and I will send you a copy
under separate cover for any comments you feel necessary in light of the addition-
al information. Your assumptions appear correct. Indications are that all the radar
pared in rather rough form. Some interesting things there, a also.
sightings are
were not concurrent as to time. I will include a radar scope plot that is pre-

Expecting to see you on our mutual project on or about the 27th, I remain

Sincerely yours,

Incls

[handwritten: Coral Lounge/Loaner]

- page 18 -

C.R.I.F.O.
Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects

January 12, 1957

Director
Cincinnati 21, Ohio

Captain G. T. Gregory
A.T.I.C
Wright-Patterson, AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain Gregory,

Rafarence to letter I mailed to your attention, November 7, 1956, in which were enclosed three photographs and five negatives, showing the moon, and, in one photograph, an unknown luminous object or image. Photographer was Mr. [redacted] of Cincinnati address.

To date I have not received acknowledgement or the return of these photographs and negatives. If the photographs and negatives require additional time for analysis, you may keep them for the time required, but in fairness to Mr. [redacted] I believe that I should show him your acknowledgement.

Sincerely
[signature - illegible]

- page 19 -

FILE CLASS: ________
OFFICIAL FILE COPY

OFFICE OF RECORD

[handwritten: File closed]

451/Capt G.T. [illegible] list
65216

[redacted section]

Cipelausski 27, Ohio

[handwritten: Car F. Stringfield]

This is to acknowledge your letter of 12 January 1957 in which you request the status and disposition of certain negatives and photographs submitted by you. The negatives and photographs were subsequently received by this Center on 12 November 1956 for comment and analysis.

You are advised that we have made our analysis of the objects shown in the photographs. In turn, we have submitted the material to the Astrophysical Observatory, Smithsonian Institution at Cambridge, Massachusetts with which we collaborate on such matters. Therefore, there cannot be any question as to the findings whether actual, misinterpretation or hoax, as this is considered the outstanding institute in that field.

However, due to the pre-Christmas maze of business, and the fact that the specialists at this institute handling this type of photography were called out of the country on the IGY program, we are unable to send you the material at this time.

We have been informed that the material will be returned to us upon their return to the United States.

An extra copy is made of this correspondence which you may submit to [redacted] if you so desire.

Sincerely,

[handwritten: McClelland 11/5/'57]
[handwritten: Lt [illegible] 1/16/57]

DECLASSIFIED

[redacted]

[illegible handwritten notation and date]

PERM
TEMP
30 DAYS
INITIAL

FORM 144 (REV 20 FEB 56)     ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET     AT-WP-O-29 MAR 26 3/M

[left margin contains file reference boxes:]
ROUTING
AFOIN-4
[blank rows]
AFOIN-4X2b
[blank rows]
AFOIN-[illegible]
Cipelausski 27, Ohio
AFOIN-4X3-
Car F. Stringfield
AFOIN-4X4
AFOIN-4A
[blank rows]
AFOIN-4B
[blank rows]
AFOIN-4C
[blank rows]
AFOIN-4D
[blank rows]
AFOIN-4E
[with handwritten entries]
AFOIN-4F
[blank rows]
OTHERS
[handwritten: AFOIN-4 Stringfield]

- page 20 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

Mr. [redacted]
[redacted] Avenue
Cincinnati 27, Ohio

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Attached herewith are the original three (3) photographs and five (5) negatives which you submitted to this organization for review and comment on 7 November 1956. Reference is also made to your letter of 12 January 1957 in which you requested the status and disposition of this material.

We regret the delay, but as part of the study and reviews, the photographs were submitted to a scientist who later was assigned to an overseas project, leaving them behind.

With respect to our findings, please be advised that the photographs and negatives were subjected to a series of microscopic and other examinations, including a motion picture size projection. The light appears to be emanating from an outside source into a container, believed to be the inside of a telescope tube, and photographed with the camera at the eye piece and being at a slight tilt or angle. A comparison of the sky around the moon with the dark portion around the ovoid of light. Further indication that the latter coloration is not a photograph of the sky. The fringe of light to the left of the ovoid (in our opinion, an opening) attests to this.

We are not in position to comment whether your source, which you state is an astronomer, was or was not aware of this, or if this is merely a case of an attempted hoax, with you as an unwitting intermediary.

Copies have been made of the original material to be included with our analysis and other data in case files.

Sincerely,

[signature]

1 Incl
Env containing
photos & negatives

- page 21 -

