The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, containing a textual description of a UFO sighting but no photograph.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE	: 6 June 1957
2. LOCATION: Milan, Italy
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 12/13302
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 1 minute, 1/2
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object approaching from east to west, bright green-yellow color, flashing, changed direction slightly, rapid acceleration, disappeared below horizon in 17 minutes. 
8. WEATHER CONDITIONS: WX conditions & background conditions not specifed. Sighting considered as unidentified.
9. CONCLUSIONS: WX conditions & background conditions not specifed. Sighting considered as unidentified.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document relating to a UFO sighting report.

The text in the document is as follows:

"Milan, June 14, 1957

No. 10939: 
Unidentified Flying Objects
Washington 25, D.C.,
U.S.A.

Gentlemen:

I think it is my duty to inform you that on June 12, 1957 here in Milan, Italy, at 19:30 (Central European Time) I was watching the sky. A course of clouds was suddenly interrupted by a large bright round object glowing in a greenish glow. The object was moving east to west, then west to east, and disappeared in the city after a heavy storm with strong wind (7/8 Beaufort's scale).

The section of the sky I was looking included the West, North and East. The day was exceptionally clear. Suddenly a bright point coming from East and disappearing with a dazzling glow (almost like a small plane in the night).

This point followed a zigzag path at high speed for a few seconds, slowed down then it just stopped. The estimated altitude was 5,000 feet. I noted this time, it was 19:41.

The unidentified object was very bright (green-yellow in color) coming from South-East; it seemed to revolve and rise, 17 minutes later it swerved toward the upper atmosphere leaving two white vapor trails and disappeared.

I am sure that this information will be of some help for your scientific explanations on this matter. I shall be glad to be at your disposal in replying to your investigations questions, etc.

For your guidance I inform you that I did not tell anybody about this discovery and I delayed this letter to your office file in Washington because I know it is the only one interested in this U.F.O. problem.

Continued on page 2"

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document.

I am a young man, 32-year-old, and I have a job in Milan as correspondent in English, French and Italian with an import-export firm and meteorology is my hobby.

Looking forward to your comments on the above and at your disposal for further explanations, etc.I remain, gentlemen,

Yours very truly,
[Redacted]
Foreign Correspondent

Milan, 401, Italy

- page 3 -

