PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
16 July 1957

2. LOCATION
Hastings, Michigan

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local: 13/0730Z GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
25 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
five

9. COURSE
NE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Five moving objects. First object appeared as side of big triangular object into view from west, later reappearing to the north followed by four smaller objects which at times seemed to join and rejoin then all objects moved off northeasterly and disappeared.

11. COMMENTS
After review, and investigation, determined to be a.c. in refueling operation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft/Fuel Opr.
☒ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART 1                                  UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SEP 18 1957

SUMMARY: (Under entries numbered of report. Give explanation in final narrative paragraph. List inclosures at their list. Begin text of report on AF Form 112-Part 1(S))

[Several lines are blacked out]

[Partially legible text continues with references to Hastings, Michigan, and some observations about aerial objects]

At the same time, the observers also described [partially illegible text]

[Some paragraphs are partially obscured or blacked out]

Classification Cancelled
OR Changed to NAVAL
Auth: ACSI-CG 112
Date: 2-17-61
By: [signature]

DISTRIBUTION BY ADD: Original to AC/I, INDIGO-A
                     Copy to Comm, AFOIN
                     Copy to Comdr, ADC

[Footer text] UNCLASSIFIED

Note: Some text is illegible or blacked out, so I have not attempted to reproduce those sections.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 31 DEC 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

[Header information partially illegible]

(1) Description:

(a) Shape: Appeared with chartreuse shape in a brighter clear
manner as a large star.

(b) Color: A fire color with a brighter, wider color
center.

(c) One object was observed at first; witnesses later observed
four smaller objects or similar shape and color; the objects appeared
to be in an arc.

(d) The four smaller objects shifted seemed to rise up to a perpendicular position, then rejecting again to leave only the three smaller objects.

(e) Witnesses stated that the small objects seemed to move in a northeast direction of the other two smaller ones to make an arched type formation, witnesses
stated that the objects continued to make this same formation, possibly
with some further stated that finally the smaller objects and the larger object
were two rays away, on a northeasterly route, raising to about ten (10) degrees
above the horizon until they all had moved out of sight.

(f) Identification: Cannot be made - Also when extending from the center
of the objects a brighter-whiter color.

(g) None.
(h) None.
(i) None.

(2) Description of Course:

[Remaining text continues but becomes increasingly difficult to read with full clarity]

UNCLASSIFIED

The document is marked as an "Air Intelligence Information Report" and is labeled "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112 - PART II                                                UNCLASSIFIED
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT                                   (12)
                                                                PAGE    2   OF   2

[Most of the text in the body of the document is partially obscured or illegible due to black redaction marks. The visible text fragments are too incomplete to confidently transcribe.]

At the bottom of the document, it clearly states:

UNCLASSIFIED

The document appears to be page 2 of 2 of an Air Intelligence Information Report, with most of the specific details blacked out or obscured.


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Green

THE PATTERN...

(Some text in the bottom left area is partially illegible)

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing multiple objects in the sky, with some handwritten annotations. There are circular markings labeled with "Green" and some other labels like "Red" visible on the image.


- page 5 -

P.S. Hastings, Mich.
Sept. 9, 1963

U.S. Air Force
Pentagon
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sirs:

I wish you please send me some information about flying saucers people have reported I would like to ask you about something that year in Port Huron 5 lights blended in the other sky, do you know what these 5 lights were. I thank you.

Sincerely yours,


- page 6 -

September 18, 1963

Dear [redacted]

In response to your request of September 9, 1963, for some information about "Flying Saucers", we are sending you two brochures on the subject of unidentified aerial phenomena. We think these brochures may be of interest to you. They include stories of several sightings over the United States during the past years.

On the night of July 16, 1957, five lights were seen in the Fort Huron area which appeared to several people as an unusual phenomena. These lights were later identified by the Air Force as being caused by a B-67 refueling mission which was taking place in the area at that time.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Inclosures

Fort Huron, Michigan


- page 7 -

U.S. Air Force
Pentagon
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sir:

Would you please send me some information about flying saucers people have reported. I would like to ask you about something that year in last place 5 lights blinked in the center sky, also you know what the 5 lights were. Thanks you

[Note: Some text is blacked out/redacted, including the sender's name and signature]

Dates visible:
16 July 1957
Sept. 9 1963


- page 8 -

September 18, 1963

Dear [redacted]

This is in reply to your letter of September 9, 1963, in which you requested some information concerning "Flying Saucers". We are inclosing two brochures on unidentified aerial phenomena including some sightings that were reported over the United States. We hope they will be of interest to you.

The five lights over Port Huron which you referred to in your letter occurred on the night of July 16, 1957, and were identified by the Air Force as a B-47 air refueling mission which was taking place in that area at that time.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Inclosures
Port Huron, Michigan


- page 9 -

