The image does not contain any photograph. It is a scanned page from a project blue book document, specifically a Project 10073 record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 7-6-57
2. TIME GROUP: 0225
3. DURATION: 3 minutes
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Radar
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
6. COURSE: ?
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Airline pilot from Amarillo to El Paso, Texas, reported that an unidentified object appeared in his path. The object was made a matter of note by the pilot.
11. COMMENTS: ATIC opinion was this was probably a conventional aircraft, confirmed by radar.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, which was the U.S. Air Force's official program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OFFICIAL
This object was observed 28 miles west of Amarillo, Texas, on
July 6, 1957, at approximately 2:30 a.m. The object was traveling at an extremely high rate of speed. The object circled the airplane
and then suddenly accelerated and shot away at a fantastic
speed. The pilot estimated the object's speed to be 3,000 mph.
The object was estimated to be 50 to 75 feet in diameter. The pilot requested a chase but was denied by the authorities. Pilot
was interviewed and his reliability and qualifications were establi-
shed. This was an official Air Force report.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document dated July 23, 1957.

APRIL-44-3646
SUBJECT: Information regarding Board of Inquiry, Washington D.C. 19 July 1957

Dear Sire: 

The Air Force is invited to a copy of a "telescope press release" concerning unidentified flying objects which were recently observed, and which were investigated in accordance with the standard investigative procedures. 

It is the further position of this office, that as a matter of current policy, this investigation was conducted in the light of informed opinions and not on the basis of hasty or ill-considered action. The confidentiality of the investigation and of the persons involved has been carefully guarded and it is not intended that this case be submitted to public discussion at this time except through the regular channels. 

However, should there be a desired complement to existing Air Force files involving unidentified aerial phenomena, it is suggested that the agency representing the Air Force contact this office, and arrange for examination of the file maintained by this Center. The cooperation of this office would be to the mutual benefit of all concerned.

Sincerely,

S/ Teel
CApt, incoming VT, 23 Jul 57

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document related to a Project Blue Book report.

DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
CIVIL AERONAUTICS ADMINISTRATION
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

MAY 8 1957

This will acknowledge receipt of your letter of May 6, 1957, reference number ACIR-971, dated May 6, 1957, requesting copies of the Civil Aeronautics Administration final report of investigation of incidents of unidentified flying objects reported and forwarded to the Civil Aeronautics Administration as incidents.

The first incident mentioned occurred on July 27, 1957, near Amarillo, Texas, and concerned a near collision between a United Airlines flight on route from Denver to Dallas and an unidentified object. It is assumed that this object was a U. S. Air Force RC-97 aircraft which was known to be operating in the area at the time.

The second incident mentioned occurred on July 17, 1957, near El Paso, Texas, and concerned American Airlines Flight No. 655, inbound from Phoenix, Arizona, and an unidentified object. The object was American Airlines Flight No. 566, which had previously departed from El Paso, Texas.

Since both incidents, referred to above, have been determined to involve other aircraft, it is apparent that the information contained will not afford your organization complete records. 

In accordance with your request, we are establishing a procedure whereby your organization will be informed of the results of all Civil Aeronautics Administration investigations involving unidentified flying objects and this administrative action will be continued.

Sincerely yours,
Original signed by
A. L. Coulbourn
Roy Keskey
Director, Office of Flight Standards and Airworthiness

July 22-on route from Chicago to Tucson-TWA Airliner almost collides with UFO at 18,000 ft. Altitude! It had lights, reported the Pilot.

- page 4 -

