PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
19 July 1957

2. LOCATION
Shiloh, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes □ Physical
□ No Specimen

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
one

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Found on ground

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Physical specimen sent to ATIC for analysis.

11. COMMENTS
Physical analysis indicated that the object was a stoney type meteorite over 100 years old.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other: Significant
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

SUBJECT: Examination of "Stony Meteorite" (Continued)

TO: AFCIN-132                TO: AFCIN-hal,
     (Capt. A. Maugle)             (D. T. Williams)     DATE: 30 July 57     COMMENT NR 2
Through: AFCIN-LB3

Attached is an informal report presenting the results of an examination of a large stone, as requested in Comment Nr 1. The examination was conducted by Drs. D. T. Williams and Charles B. Sclar, a mineralogist on our staff.

It is concluded that the stone in question is not a meteorite.

The attached report is considered to satisfy the requirements of Comment Nr 1. The stone is being returned under separate cover.

[Signature]
Howard G. Cross

HCC:tr
Enclosure (4)


- page 2 -

If more information on the composition of the stone is desired, a mineralogical study could be made based on a small sample broken from a side of the stone. However, it is believed that no further investigation is necessary to conclude that the stone is not a meteorite.


- page 3 -

Institute Studies
Meteorites For
Missile Data

The remains of unguided missiles which have been bombarding earth from outer space since
the beginning of time are being
studied by scientists developing better studies missile
At the Battelle Institute in Columbus, working for the Wright
Air Development Center, technicians are beginning to see how they survived their
descent to earth.

Guided missiles, traveling at
high speeds in the friction-producing atmosphere, are subject
to tremendous heat and remelting. To withstand these conditions structures of the meteorites
must be developed. By subjecting the nickel and
iron microscopic analysis, they
hope to be able to learn how meteorites heated.

Battelle scientists are getting
meteorites from museums and
private collections.

The bottom of the page contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a meteorite or object on a surface, with some illegible handwritten text below the sketch.


- page 4 -

This case contains 5 8x10" negatives and 11 8x10" photos.


- page 5 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of what looks like a rock or stone specimen. At the top of the image is a ruler or scale with numerical markings. The stone/rock is irregularly shaped, with a rough, textured surface, and appears to be photographed against a white background. There are small circular dots or holes at the top right, bottom right, and bottom left of the page. The image seems to be part of a scientific or investigative document, possibly related to geological analysis.


- page 6 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image shows a black and white photograph of what appears to be a rock or stone specimen, with a ruler at the top of the image for scale. The object is irregularly shaped and appears to have a mottled or textured surface. The photograph seems to be part of a scientific or investigative document, given the precise positioning and inclusion of a measurement scale.


- page 7 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of an irregularly shaped rock or stone specimen. At the bottom of the image is a scale or measurement line with numbers ranging from 72 to 2, though the numbers are somewhat difficult to read clearly. The rock appears to have a rough, textured surface and an asymmetrical triangular or leaf-like shape. The photograph seems to be part of a scientific or investigative document, likely from a geological or archaeological study.


- page 8 -

The image shows a black and white photograph of what appears to be a rock or stone object. The stone has an irregular, rounded shape and a rough, textured surface with various shades of gray. It is positioned centrally on a white background, with a thin horizontal line at the bottom of the image.

No text is visible in this image.


- page 9 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image shows a dark, irregularly shaped object (possibly a rock or fragment) placed on a white background with a ruler or measuring scale underneath for size reference. The object appears to be photographed in black and white, with varying shades of gray and some small white specks or marks on its surface.


- page 10 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rock or stone-like object with a rough, textured surface. The object is irregularly shaped and fills most of the frame, with a white background.


- page 11 -

DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO.                    SUBJECT: Examination of Meteorite

TO: AFCIN-1E1                FROM: AFCIN-452                DATE: 15 July 1957
ATTN: Capt. Gregory                                         COMMENT NO. 1
                                                             AFCIN-452/mj/eug/le/mj
                                                             50193/BIA/26.50

1. Reference is made to discussions between Captain Gregory relative to the meteorite left in the Air Weapon Materials Branch for examination.

2. The sample in our possession is unquestionably a meteorite, but appears to be at least 100 years old. An examination in this case would have no intelligence value from the standpoint of UFO.

3. Although there has been quite a bit of study on meteorites in connection with heat-transfer as applied to guided missiles, these studies have been made on metal meteorites and not the stony types such as the one submitted. However, accompanying Fall into the same category. The Smithsonian Institution, Washington, D.C., can furnish the general analysis of all stony type meteorites.

4. Composition analysis does not appear warranted, since all of the stony meteorites Fall into the same category.

5. White Stork will also be asked about the monetary value of this meteorite. Dr. H. H. Nininger, American Meteorite Museum, Sedonia, Arizona, could make full assessment of the dollar value.

6. A full report will be furnished your office on receipt from White Stork.

[Signature]
ROGER E. MARTIN
Acting Chief
AFCIN-452

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page, partially illegible]


- page 12 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rock or stone-like object with a rough, textured surface, showing various indentations, craters, and irregular patterns. The object is centered on the page and appears to be photographed against a white background.


- page 13 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rock or stone-like object with a rough, textured surface. The object is roughly shield or teardrop-shaped and fills most of the frame, with various indentations, craters, and surface variations visible.


- page 14 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rock or stone-like object. The object is roughly triangular or shield-shaped, with an irregular, textured surface. There are several small indentations or craters visible on its surface, and the overall texture looks rough and uneven. The object is centered on a white background and appears to be a close-up or detailed view of the item.

No text is visible in this image.


- page 15 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rock or stone-like object. The object is roughly triangular or shield-shaped, with an irregular, textured surface. It has various indentations, bumps, and surface variations, giving it a weathered or eroded appearance. The object is centered on a white background and appears to be a close-up or detailed view of the specimen.


- page 16 -

The image shows a black and white photograph of what appears to be a rock or stone object. The object has an irregular, rough surface with various textures and indentations. It is positioned centrally in the image against a white background, and the photograph seems to be focused on capturing the detailed surface characteristics of the stone.


- page 17 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rock or stone-like object. The object has an irregular, rough surface with various textures, indentations, and small holes or craters. It is roughly heart or shield-shaped and fills most of the image frame. The photograph seems to be a close-up or detailed view, showing the intricate surface characteristics of the object in high contrast.

No legible text is visible in this image.


- page 18 -

Text found on the document:

THIS SIDE OF CARD IS FOR ADDRESS

Maj. Oliver R. Hill
Air Technical Intelligence
Wright Patterson AFB Ohio
Attn: 4-4

There is also a postmark/stamp visible on the top right of the document, though the details are not fully legible.


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dear Sir

Shiloh, Ohio
Aug 19th

We have the oath Combined off of that field now and you can Cancelling time
its are signed to hear what you
found out from the Meteor.

Shiloh
Ohio


- page 20 -

Shiloh
Sept 16th

Off. Jno. Oliver R. Hill.

I write you some time ago
Concerning John McTertle with also
told you the order was off the plt
or d you could request the plts
any time. And would like to know
what you found out about the
McTertle. And I have not heard
anything since you came off the
plt. Several would like to have
you return it as soon as
possible. We have several interested
people here to see it and would like to inspect
it too.

Shiloh@


- page 21 -

FILE CLASS
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

18 OCT 1957
424/Capt Gregory/ltc
69216 17 Oct 57

Commissioners' Office
Richland County
Mansfield, Ohio

Dear Mr.

In response to your letter of 16 September regarding the object which you so kindly made available to the Air Force, please be advised that our examinations have only recently been completed.

The object which, at first glance, appeared to be a meteorite, was submitted to an analysis. The results of said completely disclose the possibility that the stone is not a meteorite but most probably a volcanic "bomb" thrown from the throat of an active volcanic seam to the north and east of its final resting place. It is not improbable that it was transported to the spot of discussion by any of the several glaciers which passed over the volcanic area of the Canadian Shield - Appalachian diastrophic region.

We shall hold the stone pending instructions from you regarding its disposal.

The Air Force wishes to extend its appreciation for your assistance and cooperation in this matter.

Sincerely,

WALLACE W. ELWOOD
Captain, USAF
Assistant Adjutant

ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Letterhead date appears to be Oct 23rd]

Dear Mr. [redacted]

That glad to hear from the meteorite, and your analysis of it, and want to thank you for the trouble you have been to in regards to its history. I would like to have it return to my place as soon as possible again. I thank you.

Sincerely,
Shiloh
Ohio


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

FILE CLASS
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

CIN-424
Shiloh,
Ohio

Dear Mr.

Your letter of 23 October 1957 has been received by this

The return of your so-called "meteorite" will be scheduled before
mg. Contact will be made with you prior to the date of delivery.

Again we thank you for your cooperation.

Sincerely,

WALLACE M. ELMORE
Capt., USAF
Assistant Adjutant

Handwritten note: finally of Nov. 57

The document appears to be a routing and coordination sheet with various administrative codes on the left side.


- page 24 -

EXAMINATION OF A STONE

A large, black stone, reported to be a stony meteorite, was received for examination, particularly from the standpoint of aerodynamic lines of flow.

The stone shows no signs of air-flow lines such as are found on meteorites.

The markings visible on the surface of the stone represent material in the bedding planes of a sedimentary rock; this material has a hardness somewhat greater than that of the matrix.

Meteorite flow lines have an appearance and arrangement that are completely different from the markings on the stone in question. On a meteorite, flow lines would not protrude so far from the surface; they would be arranged to radiate from the front and rear stagnation points. A skirt or crest region would be recognised. The front face would be smooth, with protuberances either melted off or with characteristic pits in front of them and behind them. The back face would show a typical mottled appearance due to shallow pitting. In none of these characteristics does the stone in question resemble a meteorite.

The stone is clearly of sedimentary origin. It shows bedding planes with pebbles, at least one of the planes is clearly granitic. It is concluded that the stone is indurated due to some inhomogeneity at the center, possibly a fossil, as is commonly observed in the sandstones found in the eastern part of Ohio. Weathering has removed the softer formation around the stone, leaving pebbles and intrusions between layers of the indurated sandstone, in bas relief.

The matrix material is surmised to be a felspathic sandstone.

In composition, the rock does not resemble a meteorite; there is no granite in such bodies, but usually anstatite, olivine, forsterite, etc., are present. Meteorites do not contain pebbles.


- page 25 -

