PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 17 July 1957

2. LOCATION: Forbes AFS, Kansas/Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Worth

3. DATE-TIME GROUP 1st sighting: Local GMT: 17/1050Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: (No boxes checked)

5. PHOTOS: □ Yes □ No

6. SOURCE: 1503.2

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: not given

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one

9. COURSE: not given

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: A blue light was seen in sky that stayed with a/c for 120 NM. Object was picked up by B-47 radar but not by ground radar.

11. COMMENTS: Identified as American Airlines Flight 655.

12. CONCLUSIONS: (No boxes checked)

Additional handwritten note at bottom: "See article by Dr. James E. McDonald - Astronautics and Aeronautics 1971"


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ENT AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO

ANOIE-3                                                                15 AUG 1957

SUBJECT: UFOB Sighting

TO:   Commander
       38th Strategic Reconnaissance Squadron
       55th Reconnaissance Wing
       Forbes Air Force Base
       Kansas

Request that the officer who made a UFOB sighting over Fort Worth, Texas, on 17 July 1957, Major Lewis D. Chase, A0554013, complete the enclosed Airborne Observer's Data Sheet and return it to this Command.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

1 Incl
Abn Observer's Data Sheet                                    [Signature]
                                                              FRED F. HOED
                                                              Colonel, USAF
                                                              Director of Intelligence

1st Ind
38th Strategic Reconnaissance Squadron (Jet) Forbes Air Force Base, Kansas

TO:   Commander, Air Defense Command, Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

Basic communication complied with.

1 Incl                                                        [Signature]
1/9                                                           JOHN A. LARSON
1 Incl added                                                  Major, USAF
DD Form 173, DD Form 173-1                                    Operations Officer

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

ADODI-B, Hq ADC, 15 Aug 57, Subj: UFOB Sighting

ADODI-B                                                                17 OCT 1957

Headquarters, Air Defense Command, Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: AFCIN 424L,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. The attached documents are forwarded to your center for analysis.

2. This Command is unable to offer any explanation for the sighting. Therefore, this sighting is being carried as unknown.

3. Request your center advise this Command of final analysis of this sighting.

2 Incls
n/c                                                    ROBERT I WEITZEL
                                                       Lt Colonel, USAF
                                                       Acting Director of Intelligence

UNCLASSIFIED

Classification Canceled
(or downgraded at intervals)
Auth HQ USAF
Date 17 Jan 62
By AC/ACSPR-P2

2


- page 3 -

17 July 1957 - B-07

On the 14th of July the new

[Several lines are partially illegible or crossed out]

seen intermittently, off and on for 12 hours. The object appeared to keep a distance of about 300 yards from the C-97. The B-97 cleared but was unable to intercept to confirm its course. The primary mission of the B-97's radar, meanwhile was to the object, until it close passed it in the vicinity

[Rest of the text is partially illegible or cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 4 -

The text on the page is partially illegible, but here is what I can make out:

[First line is mostly illegible]
"...of a ...lighting with
...and ...were 5 hrs. 6th. both..."

"In joint session with the CAA
it was definitely established by the CAA that
it just obtained in the vicinity of Dallas I
it would was an airline."

Some words and parts of sentences are unclear or completely illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top of document appears to have a header, but text is partially illegible]

Summary

An Air Force R5-47, accompanied by civilian counterparts (CCN), was flying a routine mission over Kansas, Texas and Oklahoma. The object was followed for a time period of 15 to 20 minutes visually by the aircraft crew as it maneuvered through Kansas, Texas and into Oklahoma. This object was unidentified and was moving at varying speeds and altitudes.

[Several paragraphs of text continue, but portions are partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the page]

The document appears to be a UFO case report from Project Blue Book, dated July 17, 1957, involving an unidentified flying object observed by an Air Force aircraft over Kansas, Texas, and Oklahoma.

The bottom of the page has some additional text, but parts are cut off or illegible.

A handwritten note in the top right corner appears to read "(13 August, 1957)".


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

three of approaching a summary
report. Typical was the case of the
R-47 which will be the main text of the
report.

It is necessary to explain
that the R-47 was a B-47 bomber
which was no (Details are no
longer available). Although all of the
facts could not be fully developed,
the following summary of the massive
action is presented. The R-47 was
piloted by a 1st Lt. McClure who was
on enemy ground-speed
radar. The R-47 monitor, manned by
McClure, was an ALA-6 DF-receiver
with basic cohesive cabling in a housing on the belly of the R-47 near
the tail span of 10 or 300 feet. It
scanned an azimuth. (Note that this
implies ability to scan at 10/sec per
fixed ground radar in this instance.)

McClure's aircraft, the signals
from the ALA-6 were processed in
the ground station's AN/CPS-6B
pulse-analyzer. All subsequent references to the R-47 monitor imply that.

Number 1 Monitor:
The #1 monitor, manned by Provenzano, was an APS-4 DF system,
with a pulse of antenna performed
on a close wing tip. It was
working at a higher frequency. The
#3 monitor. With a frequency range
from 50-1000 MHz, was manned by
Ostrander. The performance of #1
will not be described here. With
emphasis, it needs to be
noted that the DF receivers are
used for the purpose of picking up a
far reflection on a distant target.
They only listen passively to incoming signals.

In the relative bearing to the
radar site's electronic characteristics
was a basic information transmitting
system. The monitor was not working
at this time. The #3 monitor was
inoperative, and this signal to the
ground was not developed. McClure
and the other monitors were inactive.

(ECM command post) source of
Lucy 17. (Classified source, interview with a ground intelligence
officer, COMSTRA LUCYOGS)

The weather was partly cloudy
with a 10-15 knot wind. Ceiling was
5,100 TAS. The weather was particularly visual.

In the instance of a large high-pressure
area extending through the troposphere. There were no showers or
thunderstorms and winds were light.
Near Olathe was a center of a point
source of 2 or 3 miles in diameter.
McClure detected on the #2 monitor
a signal pointing to their 5 o'clock
position out of the outboard beam).

It looked to him as if he were receiving a legitimate ground-radar
signal. Upon noting that the strobe
was not on the ALA-6, McClure tentatively decided that in such a
ground-based radar installation
painting with 100 dog ambiguity for
some electronic reason, that when crossing, after sweeping up-scope on
the airbound side, crossed the flight
path of the R-47 and proceeded to
move downstream on its post ride
position. At this point McClure said he gave up his hypothesis of 180 deg ambiguity as incompatible with such behavior.

Fortunately, he had examined the
ALA-6 scope prior to this pass-analyzer, and he knew that his
scope, on the post ride, was discussing it with me. his recollection was that the frequency was near 2800 mcs, and he recalled what
was particularly odd was that it had
a pulse-width and pulse repetition
frequency (PRF) much like that of
a typical Shoran, ground-based, search
radar. He even recalled that the
was a simulated scan rate that was
normal. Perhaps because of the
ground-based radar characteristics
such as the CPS-6B, widely used
at this time, McClure did not, in
juncture, end this signal to the attention of anyone else in the alert.

A next quote from the Intelligence Officer, COMSTRA LUCYOGS:
"Based on information from this part of the interview that are
marked in the file as (Lacy
177):

Shoran ground-based search radar
to 3,000 mcs pulse width of 2.0
microseconds. pulse repetition frequency vertical polarity. Signal processed in the DF.

a rapidly moving ... source; i.e.,
an airborne source. Signal was obtained after observation ...

Initial Visual Contact:
If nothing further had occurred
on that flight to suggest that some
unusual object was in the vicinity of
the R-47, McClure's observations
undoubtedly would have run unnoticed and would have been
quickly forgotten even by him. He
was quite emphatic in his point of
view and inclined to think that it was some electronic difficulty.

The flight plan called for a turn
to the west in the vicinity of Meridian and Jackson, Mississippi (Point
B), with subsequent planned excursion elsewhere in EWO did simulated ECM runs near ground radar until. The contemporaneous ground radar data and
the Shoran-like signal were more
vividly and in more detail concerned.

They turned into a run having
of 255 deg, still at Mach 0.75 at
9,500 ft. At 1010Z (1410 CST),
Major Chase, in the forward seat,
spotted what he first thought were
the landing lights of another jet
coming in fast from near his 11
o'clock position at, or perhaps a bit
above. The R-47 at altitude. He called
McClure's attention to it, and as
soon as he did so, the object rapidly
changed aspect and disappeared
while continuing to close alongside
the crew to be ready for sudden
evasive maneuvers.

But before he could attempt evasion, he and Major Chase had brilliant light almost instantaneously
change direction and then across
their flight path from port to starboard at an angle apparently that
Chase said was he had never seen
matched in all of his 20 years of
flying. This before or after that incident, the luminous source had
moved to a point just above their
o'clock to about their 2 o'clock.

The Alborne Observer's Data
Sheet filled out by Chase as the
the post-investigation gives the R-47
at position ... in the track of the
time visual extent was 33°CCN, 91°
28W. When Chase was at Windsors
in central area ... (Point F)

The description ... obtained in
1969 interviews ... these officers
are closely aware of the original
intelligence.


- page 7 -

MAP OF THE
JULY 17, 1957
UFO REPORT

[Map of the United States showing various cities and states, with a scale of miles and a key for paths of UFO contact]

At Jeroz aircraft code first obtained a beam line at 11 o'clock from his position, creating its point in about 2:50 o'clock position, copied also observed "sense of light to 2:50 o'clock" where it apparently disappeared. Close did not observe any maneuvering compass anomalies during the flight.

Actions over Louisiana-Texas Area
Immediately after the Fairchops source, Mitchel out Chase and McCall became talking about it on the radio, with the already related net McClung into AACS, recalling that the #2 monitor on other known ground radar station was not on his ALAS back near Gulfport. The peculiar signal and concurrently lost #2 monitor to scant at about 1800 was to us what might show up. It found he was getting a strong 1800 meg signal from close (fair probability position) but the traffic was of unknown character.

Persevered told me that imme- diately after that they checked out the #2 monitor on other known ground radar stations, to be sure that it was not malfunctioning; it appeared to be in perfect working order. He then turned his own #1 monitor to 1800 meg and also got a signal from the same bearing. There was nothing in the possibility that, just by chance, this signal was from a real radar down on the ground. But as the minutes went by and the RAAF confirmed several times about 570 mph, the reports became dark. But now more evidence was the ground radar site holding it with any ground radar, but instead kept on with RB-47. Holding a position about 35 miles out.

I found these and similar portions of the ground signals are such to indicate a very near, though field strength of 1 was through field strength, depending on the particular activities in which they were then engaged.

Chang said sweet, going to make maximum of good power, but nothing

seemed to change the relative bearing of the 1800 meg source. They crossed Louisiana and headed into eastern Texas. With the object still maintaining station with them. Even with the position he had made-over, ago area of the 745th ACWRON, Shreveport, La., the object still drained his traffic reference about calling attention to this particular matters and continued that station (code name "Flintch"). The crew was using many other sites the incident.

Holding time, except for the position is barely covered in the incident. A search could be made in the writing incident.

Heavily camouflaged RAAF report not FCM operator #2 searched for signals not identified source. Found area approximately 10392 at a relative bearing of 070 degrees 16 miles.

Now did not see or did not immediately indicate N. While they did not know where the object was 20 July for 10392 the unidentified.


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE UFO SUBCOMMITTEE OF THE AIAA

Cochairman
Environmental Research Laboratories of the
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration

Members:
JAMES A. HYNEK
Northwestern University

LLOYD V. BERKNER
Associated Universities, Inc.

GORDON A. GOULD
Columbia University

RICHARD N. CHILES
El Segundo, California

Secretary:
VERNON J. ZURICK
Environmental Research Laboratories of the
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
Boulder, Colorado

MURRAY POWER
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
Los Angeles, California

HOWARD D. EDWARDS
Georgia Institute of Technology
Atlanta, Georgia

PAUL MACCREADY JR.
Technical Consultant
Altadena, California

ANDREW J. HASLEY
McDonnell Douglas Missile &
Space Systems
Santa Monica, California

ROBERT RUPPELT
N. Goddard Space Flight
Center
Greenbelt, Maryland

DONALD M. EVANS
U.S. Army Electronics Command
Fort Monmouth, New Jersey

known source ... to 5000 mcs radar-
like signal was moving approxi-
mately 300 mph relative to the 300 mph R347
"The Wing Intellegence Officer
continued:

At 1055Z aircraft came into light which he estimated to be
5000 below aircraft at about 2
o'clock. Aircraft altitude was 74,500
ft. Another relatively clear Altamont
aircraft vector could not determine
whether or size of object. He had a
good view of object for about 5 min
from top of object.

At about 1060Z, aircraft reported
a2 reported he then had two signals
at relative bearings of 040 and 070
deg. Aircraft came and copilot saw
these two signals. At the same time
with hand red color. Aircraft coming
around perpendicular to course flight
was giving erratic course. At notified
ADC site lead and requested
ground radar to look. Radar was
not in position to look.

In my interviews with the aircrew,
I noted that there was a recollection
of one various man as
to the origin of these sources oc-
curred ... this luminous source oc-
curred with two simultaneously oc-
curred to port and back again.
Crew stated they had con-
tact with this recollection was
that it was Carver-W (CA) however

prior to some of the above events
and that Utah was ground-painting
the target during the time it moved
up to me and reappeared visually.
As will be seen below, the comment
was made that the pilot knew that
Utah was not painting the unknown
until a bit later, after it had turned
northwestward and passed between
Dallas and Ft. Worth. Chase ex-
plained to me that he got FAA clear-
ance to follow it in that off-course
turn (Point D) and indicated that
FAA got all jets out of the way to
permit him to maintain pursuit. The
final chase summary continued:

At 020 log relative bearing, Aircraft
came into FAA clearance at 0.85,
turned to pursue, and object pulled
ahead. At 0425½ ECM at 25 miles
had two signals at relative bearing
of 0-0 and 070 deg. At 0426 log
had a single signal at 350 deg rela-
tive bearing. At 0427 log object
was receding, then disappeared.

Crew reported position of
object: Crew reported position of
North, Texas, and ADC site Utah
(unvalidated confirmed presence of
object on their scopes).

At approximately 10502 object

appeared to stop, and aircraft over-
shot. Utah reported they lost object
from scopes at this time and ECM
also lost signal.

Chase, in reply to my questions,
stated that it was his recollection
that there was simultaneous happen-
ing when he began to turn, meaning
that he was getting closure at ap-
proximately the R047 speed. And
the moment when Utah indicated
that their target had stopped on their
scopes. He said he noted a bit to
avoid colliding with the object, not
then being sure what its altitude was
relative to his R047, and then found
it as he proceeded over its top of
unseen that is close. At the
end of simultaneous time from
Chase, the R047 went into a turn
in the vicinity of ... near Wells,
Texas (Point E), and his and Mrs.
Cross looked over their shoulders
to see it. At this point, according
to Chase, the aircraft was vectored
near simultaneously which the ob-
ject blinked as yet unidentified, dis-
appeared on the 52 scopes, and was
again 4th-reported by ground radar
at Site Utah. The 1957 report de-
scribes these events as follows:


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Aircraft log 1 briefing, ECM #2
pilot. At about 1630 relative
bearing 270 deg, signal strength
was good after it 10507 received
first contact. Pilot estimated alti-
tude at 210 deg relative bear-
ing, coming up 15 D/F strong. Af-
ter about closing on object until
the estimated range was 5 n. mi.
At this time object appeared to drop
to approximately 15,000 ft altitude,
and aircraft could not visual con-
tact. (Data also lost) object soon
gone.

Well, 1037z in the area of Mineral
Wells, Texas, crew notified Utah
they must depart for home station
because of fuel scarcity. Crew queried
Utah whether a CIRVIS Report had
been submitted, and Utah replied
the report had been transmitted. At
1037Z PCR#2 had stayed at 5200
deg relative bearing, but Utah had
no score contact. At 1035Z aircraft
could not establish visual contact of ob-
ject approximately 20 n. mi. north-
east of Mineral Wells. Data from
altitude 20,000 ft at 2 o'clock from
Case added further details on this
portion of the events, stating that he
requested and secured permission
from Utah to dive on the object
when it was at lower altitude. Pic
did not recall this sudden descent
that is spotted in the contempor-
neous record. There are a number
of other minor points in the Intel-
ligence Report that were not con-
sidered pertinent to this summary
to that when he dove from 35,000
ft to approximately 20,000 ft the
object blinked out, disappeared from
the Utah recorder. Simultaneously
disappeared from the #2 monitor.
all of the same time. McClurg re-
called that simultaneous disappear-
ance, too. It should be mentioned
that the occasional appearance of a
second visual and radar-emitting
source was not recalled by any of
the officers when I interviewed them
later.

McCold recalled that at about
this time off the meridian, he was
becoming a bit worried about excess
fuel consumption resulting from the
dive maneuver. He said the dive
marked departure from the initial
flight plan. He advised Chase that
fuel limitations would necessitate a
return to the base has at Randos
AFB, so they soon headed north
from the Ft. Worth area. (Point Ft.
McClurg and Chase recall that the

3000 feet signal on their tail, once
they were northbound from Ft.
Worth. But there was some variance
in their recollection as to whether
the signal was still present as
they moved. McCold was un-
certain whether it was a bearing
or heading signal. At 1037 Intelligence
source stated that they were moving
into a new area.

At this time, about 1035 hrs, head-
ing for home station. This placed
area of object off the left of aircraft.
ECM #2 continued to get D/F
signal on object between 160 and 190
deg relative bearing until 1102z,
when aircraft was approximately
above Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
At this time, stated "radar rela-
atively, 35 SRW DOJ (55th State-
tic Reconnaissance Wing). Director
of Intelligence stated that the
electronic D/F coincided exactly
with visual observations by others.
Radar gave numerous times their posi-
tion and bearing of the object being
signal source.

In case Chase's recollection that
the object was with them only into
eastern Oklahoma, Manley recalled
that it was with them all the way to
Oklahoma City and a (Palo) GT. The
others remembered only that it was
there for some indefinite distance en
route. Between Mineral Wells and
Worth and Topeka, their home base.

Blue Book:
The records indicate that Project
Blue Book received summary info-
mation on this incident from ADC
on Oct. 25, 1957 (over two months
after occurrence of the event). A
"brief summary" ends with the following transcript:

In joint review with the CAA of
the data from the incident, it was
definitely established by the CAA
that object observed in the vicinity
of Dallas and Ft. Worth was an air-

(Continued on Page 71)

On line 15, Terry R. McDonnell
was found dead in the area near
Tucson, apparently a suicide. He
was 31 years old.

70


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Left column text begins]
... in connection with the SST
while four days ...
the House Appropriations
Committee met ...
The vote was ...
... full Appropriations Committee
and the way of testimony, the
... was expected by a three-
ment of evidence supports my belief
that there is no major issue—
... of important subjects—
... to the job. We have to find
ways to communicate in depth, from
a solid foundation of facts.

A fifth point: Observation I
would share with you concerns the
two-human tendency to draw
erroneous conclusions from super-
ficial understanding of a situation.
I offer in evidence the Junior Sena-
tor from California.

Now, there are many plausible
reasons why a particular Senator
might choose to vote against the
SST. Like Secretary Volpe, I do not
question the motives of any Senator
or Representative who voted to kill
the program. I am sure those who
did so acted in good conscience.
A distinguished Senator, when a
Senator from the State of California
announces he is in opposition be-
cause he believes the SST is "so ter-
ribly wrong for California."

I cannot say Senator Tunney did
not believe this, or that he voted in
bad faith. I do suggest, however,
that the industry has to do a better
job of explaining in California, and
stating that those who represent that
state are properly and fully in-
formed. It is understandable that a

[Right column text begins]
Concorde is flying.

... two years in both Britain
and France. A dozen Concorde are
now in commercial service.

Everyone in the industry also
knows that despite all the hard
work for supersonic, where we
can be available for supersonic
practical, feasible, convenient. When
the jets cut flight times in half,
passengers will prefer gradual
travel from the airways. Flying ac-
tually becomes cheaper. With another
50% reduction in flight time, sub-
sonic jets will give way to the super-
sonic on overseas routes where
the sonic boom will not be annoy-
ing or damaging.

The SST day is just over the
horizon. In the dawn, as surely
as the days of other, better models
of transportation have come, it will
not spoil the environment. It will
not fly empty, for want of passen-
gers. It will not cause the ice to melt
and make skin cancer more common.

But what will happen, unless
something is done, is that America,
for the first time in history, will be
starting late, and our aviation in-
dustry—second largest industry in
our country—may well go the way
of shipping, electronics, steel, autos,
textiles, and other commodities
American exports: down, swamped
by the advanced products of other
nations.

When we look back on history, it
wasn't our capacity for winning that
made America great; it was our will-
ingness to take a chance. It's almost

[Bottom of page text]
RECOMMENDED LAST TEST

With deep sadness we received the
news that Dr. Donald E. Keyhoe,
long a leader in the UFO field, died
last life.

The history of the UFO problem has
been deeply influenced by his tireless
labors of highest scientific endeavors.
He was a pioneer in the field, who
became victims of vicious attacks
because of his stand for scientific
truth.

As is well known, McDonald's
work was characterized by a tenacity
noted by professionals, carried by
most of the best professional sci-
entific journals. He was a key mem-
ber of the AIAA UFO Subcommit-
tee, who continued until his death
to seek to know if McDonald—
and others—were right.

Chairman, UFO Subcommittee, AIAA
Astronautics & Aeronautics


- page 11 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

THREE OF ROUTINE 7
AT 4 Z WEMBLEY TOWER INDUSTRY SAW BLUE LIGHTED

(1) CLEAR, 25 MI VIS, CLOSE
(2) SERIES NI
(3) UNLIMITED
(4) 25 MILES
(5) ZERO
(6) NONE

TRIED TO INTERCEPT OBJECT BUT WAS UNABLE DUE TO SPEED. TRAFFIC WAS VERY LIGHT.

REQUESTED THAT HE WOULD FILL OUT SIMILAR REPORT.

Handwritten notes include:
- "LAMP DATA"
- "Point of data and pattern of same"
- "CAN Certainly"
- "AM A R"
- Various other partially legible handwritten notes and annotations

Some text is illegible or partially obscured due to the document's condition and handwritten overlays.


- page 12 -

SCIENTISTS SAY NEAR COLLISIONS
MAY INVOLVE SPACE VEHICLES

Congressmen Investigate Cases

The possibility that spacecraft may be involved in some near collisions on airways has been publicly stated by Dr. Clyde Tombaugh, discoverer of the planet Pluto, and Nathan Wagner, missile flight chief for the White Sands Proving Ground.

The two scientists made this suggestion after news reports on recent near collisions including two close brushes by American Airlines and Trans-World Airlines planes over Texas.

Of special interest is the fact that several Congressmen participated in the hearing conducted by American Airlines and that Representative Harry G. Haskell, Jr., (R.-Delaware) made an investigation of the TWA case. To date, none of the Congressmen has made any statement on either case.

In the first case, a DC-6 aircraft with 83 persons aboard barely averted collision in early July near Longview, Texas, when the pilot and co-pilot of the plane and two persons were hospitalized and several shaken up when Captain Ed Bachner dived the craft to avoid a collision.

In the second incident, several of the 34 passengers aboard a TWA Constellation aircraft were thrown into the aisles and two suffered minor injuries when Captain G. M. Schemel dived 500 feet to avoid hitting an unidentified object. Schemel told investigators he had no idea what the object was.

The suggestions that space vehicles were sighted were made in statements to the El Paso TIMES.

"I don't want to start a scare," said missile safety chief Wagner, "but I would say it is a reasonable position to take that such a craft might have been involved in some accident."

Astronomer Clyde Tombaugh, former head of the Armed Forces search for unknown natural satellites, stated the same opinion.

"It is not all out of the question," Dr. Tombaugh said, "that the phenomenon we are discussing is in the realm of space travel."

The NICAP just before this issue went to press had no reports in both cases with unidentified. But there is little evidence vacillated later which indicates that the American Airlines incident was a conventional near-collision between airliners.

The TWA case, however, seems at this time to be a long file of UFO encounters. The facts as related by TWA Captain G. M. Schemel and as stated in a CAA "Near Miss" incident report dated July 24, 1957, are as follows:

At about 2215C (10:15 p.m. Central Time) on July 21 en route from New York to Washington, D.C., a TWA Constellation near Arnaria, Texas, the airliner, a four-engine Constellation, was carrying 34 passengers. The sky was dark, with thin scattered clouds. Captain Schemel was operating on IFR (under CAA Instrument Flight Rules) altitude with the visibility was 15 miles plus.

"Unknown" though no negligence was indicated.

A comparison of compass readings during a conference between the two airliner crews, convinced the two captains that the object was not a conventional flying vehicle.

The CAB report will be published in the next month or so.

Near collision reports average about three a day, according to the Civil Aeronautics Board.

The large majority are believed due to heavy airline traffic and efforts to solve the problem are being made by all involved groups.

However, several near-miss reports appear definitely linked with UFOs. In some cases the unknown objects have been reported as large as four-engine planes and official checks have proved no such aircraft were anywhere in the areas.

Also there are fully verified reports of UFOs appearing or pacing near planes. To name a few:

The famous Chiles-Whitted Eastern Airlines case in 1948 when a rocket-shaped object with windows veered sharply to avoid collision.

The well-known Pan American encounter described by Captain William B. Nash (NICAP Special Adviser) when a formation of 10-foot discs flew under his DC-4 near Norfolk.

In all three of these cases the UFOs either veered to avoid collision or avoided the pilot's attempt to get closer. In the absence of contrary evidence, it still appears that any near-collisions with UFOs are accidental.

It is probable that the increase in conventional near-miss reports will speed the installation of anti-collision radar equipment on all airliners. If so, this may provide valuable data in regard to speeds and maneuvers of any UFOs encountered.

On the same day as the American Airlines near-miss case, Dr. Clyde Tombaugh told the Associated Press "I was 'charged' with egoism for man to believe that the universe was created for his special benefit, or even for life at all."

While there is no indication that this was related to the near-miss incidents, or near collisions, it is encouraging to hear from Dr. Tombaugh continued to make his convictions public.

Earlier this year, Dr. Tombaugh stated he had seen several UFOs, and added: "These things, which do appear to be directed, are unlike any other phenomena I have ever observed... No one so far has sure-fire, absolute proof... Other stars in our galaxy may have hundreds of thousands of inhabitable worlds. Races on these worlds may have laws quite as different from ours as ours are from those of the amoeba."


- page 13 -

THE RB-47 UFO CASE -- A NEW EXPLANATION

By Philip J. Klass

This is an analysis of one of the most curious UFO cases on record. It illustrates that a UFO report which may at first seem to be explainable only in terms of an extraterrestrial spaceship can, when investigated in depth, yield a more plausible, if less exotic, explanation.

The case involves an Air Force RB-47 on a flight over four southern states (Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas and Oklahoma) during the pre-dawn hours of July 17, 1957. An account of the incident was published in the July 1971, issue of the AIAA magazine Astronautics & Aeronautics (p. 66), it was written by the late Dr. James E. McDonald, an outspoken proponent of the hypothesis that the Earth is being visited by spaceships from another worlds.

McDonald's investigation convinced him that an "unusual craft," which had the ability to fly at supersonic speed and to hover, "played tag" with the RB-47 for approximately two hours. The presence of the "unusual craft," McDonald believed, was confirmed by three independent means: visual sightings by the RB-47 pilot and co-pilot, electronically intelligent (sic) equipment (Electronic Warfare Officer) and by an Air Defense Command ground radar located at Duncanville, Texas, near Dallas.

In another published paper on the RB-47 incident, McDonald called it "a case in which the reported phenomena appear to defy explanation in terms of either natural or technological phenomena." (UFO symposium sponsored by the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Boston, Dec. 27, 1969.)

My own investigation prompts quite a different conclusion, after a careful study of the same source material used by McDonald, following by an analysis of the electronics equipment that figured so prominently in this UFO case.

An inherent difficulty in investigating any old UFO case, such as this one which occurred more than 14 years ago, is that the principals have difficulty in accurately recalling some details. A more serious problem is possible embellishment, due to the passage of time and repeated re-telling of the story. Embellishment need not be the result of a conscious effort. A principal may unconsciously report how he thinks he should have behaved at the time of surprise or stress, rather than how he actually did behave.

When an investigator must choose between conflicting accounts given by the same individual, where one account was made shortly after the incident and the other was given a decade or more later, generally the earlier version should be accepted -- unless there is physical evidence to support the later. (In the AYA article, the early account is referred to as the "contemporary" version.)

However, there may be an obvious error in the contemporary report. For instance, the Air Defense Observer's Report prepared by RB-47 commander/pilot Lewis D. Chase with the aid of the navigator's log, diagrams the airplane's flight path and the time of major events. This report shows the RB-47 to be at two widely separated locations at the same time -- 10:302. From the airplane's reported airspeed, it seems certain that the second notation should be 10:32.

Where there is a discrepancy between early accounts of two crew members, the report by the individual most directly involved in the duty seems most likely to be correct.

For example, in Chase's original report, the pilot said that the UFO did not show up on [OVER]


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

he RB-47's navigation radar (AN/APS-23). This was confirmed by the navigator himself, McDonald reported. However, ECM (Elint) Monitor #2, Frank B. McClure, told me that he was sure that the UFO had produced an echo on the RB-47 navigation radar, based on his recollection of interphone conversations between the pilot and navigator which he overheard. In this case, it seems appropriate to accept the recollection of the pilot and navigator, especially since the pilot noted in his original Airborne Observer's Report that the UFO was not detected on the RB-47 navigation radar.

Another example: McClure is positive that the mission on July 17, 1957, was intended to check out the RB-47 equipment prior to the airplane's being sent overseas and that it was not a regular training mission. RB-47 pilot Chase disagrees. In this instance there is circumstantial evidence to support McClure's recollection. During a normal training mission, the ECM Monitors make a very detailed log of each measurement and the time it was taken. If such a log were available, it would have been turned over to the Wing Intelligence Officer when he interviewed the crew about the UFO incident following their return to home base. Yet the Wing Intelligence Officer's report to Strategic Air Command Headquarters contains only sporty data. Furthermore, McClure says that if the flight had been a regular training mission, the ECM equipment cameras would have been loaded with film to photograph the equipment displays and film could have been turned over to the Wing Intelligence Officer. Yet there is no reference to such film in any of the contemporary reports.

None of the discrepancies between the crew members' original and recent accounts, or between different members, are thought by this investigator to be the result of intentional effort to alter the facts. Rather, they are believed to be the result of the "ravages of time."

Were it not for the initiative of Dr. James E. McDonald in locating the original reports in the UFO archives at Maxwell AF Base, Ala., this case almost certainly would remain inexplicable because of the seemingly careless that have crept into the recent collections of the crew's recollections and the extreme difficulty of trying to reconstruct the details of what actually happened. The original (contemporary) reports include the following:

1. Report by Wing Intelligence Officer Elwin T. Piwetz, based on interview with the crew shortly after they returned to home base. The date when Piwetz actually wrote his report and transmitted it to SAC Hdqtrs. is not known. A "received" stamp on the last page is illegible except for the date "Oct. 11, 1957." This is believed to be the date that the report was received by UFO Project Blue Book in Dayton, Ohio. Unfortunately, Piwetz did not show his report to the RB-47 crew members to check its accuracy--so far as is known--before filing it with SAC Hdqtrs.

2. Airborne Observer's Report, prepared by RB-47 pilot (then Major) Lewis D. Chase. The report is dated Sept. 10, 1957, nearly two months after the incident.

3. Teletype message from the Commander of the Duncanville radar station (Code name: "Utah") to Air Defense Command Headquarters. The message was dispatched at 14:45Z, or approximately four hours after the UFO incident involving the Utah radar.

So far as is known, there are no other contemporary reports of this UFO incident that were prepared by the RB-47 crew members or by others with their assistance.

The RB-47 had departed from its home base at Forbes AFB, Topeka, Kan., and headed south to the Gulf of Mexico. Turning to the east, the tail turret was tested over a primary range set aside for this purpose in the Gulf. This was followed by a celestial navigation test/mission. Then the RB-47 turned north toward Meridian. Its flight plan called for the airplane to turn west at Meridian and fly to Waco, Tex. During this


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

-3-

west-bound leg, the three Blint (ECM) operators would check their equipment against the numerous ground radars and military communications facilities in this region.

THE FIRST INCIDENT:
This event involved ONLY some unusual behavior of the AN/ALA-6 Blint equipment operated by ECM Monitor #2, Frank B. McClure. There are no reports of any visual UFO sightings.

McClure's current recollection is that the incident occurred as the RB-47 was approaching the coast, near Blount, Miss. The contemporary account by Piwetz disagrees saying that it occurred "approximately at Meridian." Because McClure did not notify a other crew members at the time, his behavior of his equipment at the time, it is not possible to check other crew members for their recollections. However, for reasons to be discussed shortly, it is believed that McClure's recollection is correct and that the incident occurred near Blount.

As the RB-47 neared the coast, McClure decided to check the operation of his ALA-6 equipment, knowing that the aircraft was approaching air defense ground radars against which it could be operated. The system involved the ALA-6 direction-finder, an associated AN/APR-9 Blint receiver and an AN/ALA-5 pulse analyzer.

This Blint system is designed to locate the position of ground radar and to measure its signal characteristics by taking several bearings to the source of a radar signal at different, known locations along the airplane's flight path. The position of the radar can be determined by triangulation. The ALA-6 bearings are displayed relative to the airplane's fore-aft axis.

The ALA-6 can be fitted with several different types of antennas, depending on the frequency of the ground radars involved. (See: ALA-6 Handbook of Operating Instructions, T.O. 12P5-2ALA6, dated 1 May 1954.) During this mission, the RB-47 was using a Type AS-665 antenna system that covered the frequency range of 1,000 mc. (L-band) to 5,000 mc. (C-band). It consists of TWO nearly identical parabolic antenna dishes which are mounted back-to-back. An antenna assembly at 150 rpm or 300 rpm, selected by the operator.

To illustrate how the ALA-6 functions to measure bearing to a ground radar, which is important to understanding this UFO case, only ONE of the two back-to-back antennas will be considered for the moment. When the Blint aircraft is within receiving range of a ground radar, and when the radar antenna is illuminating the airplane, the ALA-6 antenna will receive the radar signal. (Because of the comparatively high scan rate of the ALA-6 antenna relative to the ground radar, the ALA-6 is assured of receiving ground radar pulses whenever the airplane is illuminated by the radar.)

The signals received are fed to the APR-9 Blint receiver for detection/amplification for subsequent display on a small cathode-ray-tube (CRT) for the Blint operator. To display the bearing of the source of the received signal relative to the aircraft's fore-aft axis, the antenna assembly contains a synchro-resolver whose rotor is geared to the antenna drive mechanism. The rotor winding of this synchro-resolver is excited from the output of the APR-9 receiver. And its sine/cosine output windings are connected to the deflection amplifiers and then to the vertical/horizontal deflection plates of the ALA-6 CRT display. (See Fig. 3.)

At such times as the airplane is illuminated by a radar, the ALA-6 will display the situation somewhat as shown in Fig. 1. (See next page.) The photo shown is an idealized version copied from the ALA-6 operator's manual.


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-4-

Because the top of the ALA-6 display corresponds to a bearing of 0°, the radar shown in Fig. 1 is dead-ahead of the airplane. If the center of the displayed pattern were at the 3 o'clock position, then the radar would be beam of the airplane, on its right-hand side.

As the aircraft flies along, unless the radar is dead-ahead or astern, the displayed bearing to the signal source will move non-SCOPE, providing the aircraft is in straight/level flight. If the airplane is turning toward the radar, then the bearing displayed will move UP-SCOPE. (See Fig. 2)

As the RB-47 approached the coast in the pre-dawn hours of July 17, ECM Monitor #2 (McClure) decided to check out his equipment. Beginning at the high end of the APR-9 frequency range (5,000 mc.), McClure worked down until he found an S-band signal. The signal had all the characteristics of a CPS-68 air defense radar, one of several models then in use. (A slightly later version of the CPS-68, known as the AN/FPS-10, had identical signal characteristics.)

It is important to note that McClure did not write down the specific frequency or other signal characteristics at this time, so we are not certain of the precise frequency of the S-band signal involved in this first incident.

The S-band signal even showed that the source was a scanning one, typical of radar. This is manifested by the brief appearance, then disappearance of the signal bearing display on the ALA-6. As a ground radar antenna begins to illuminate the Elint airplane, the signal is briefly displayed. Then, as the radar antenna rotates to where it no longer illuminates the airplane, the signal displayed slowly disappears as the CRT phosphor decays.

McClure was not surprised to see a signal with the characteristics of a CPS-68, as he explained to me, for he knew that such a radar was installed near Biloxi, near the RB-47 position. This radar was used in conjunction with an Air Force training school for ECM operators.

The signal was "mighty strong," according to McClure, as would be expected if it came from the CPS-68 radar at Biloxi. However, the bearing display on the ALA-6 showed the radar to be on the RIGHT-HAND SIDE of the RB-47, at roughly the 5 o'clock position. The Biloxi radar would be on the LEFT-HAND SIDE of the aircraft. The bearing displayed on the ALA-6 would place the unknown radar in the Gulf, and McClure knew there were no shipboard radars.

As the RB-47 proceeded toward Meridian, McClure noted another anomalous characteristic. Instead of the display being down-scope, it moved up-scope, knowing that such behavior could occur if the airplane were in a turn, says he called the pilot on the intercom to ask if he was maneuvering. The pilot replied that he was not. (This would confirm the fact that the incident happened near the coast rather than at Meridian, as Piwetz reports, because the airplane did turn west at Meridian.)


- page 17 -

McClure decided that there must be a malfunction in his ALA-6, but he did not report it to the aircraft commander at the time. (It was not until later, Following the visual sighting of a luminous object by the pilot/co-pilot that McClure realized that the unusual up-scope movement could result from an airborne signal source passing the RB-47 at greater than the RB-47's 500 mph speed.)

Analysis of the circuit diagram from the ALA-6 instruction books suggests several possible malfunctions that could cause an anomalous up-scope movement, one of which will be considered here. As previously noted, the AS-656 antenna assembly installed on the RB-47 employs TWO back-back dishes. One of the dishes is selected when the radar signal is horizontally polarized, while the other is used when the signal is vertically polarized. Only one antenna dish is used at any instant.

The ALA-6 operator selects the proper antenna dish by means of a toggle switch on the front of the ALA-6 control panel. If the operator lacks apriori knowledge of the radar signal polarization, he toggles back/forth and selects the dish which gives the optimum signal.

When the switch is thrown to the "Vertical" position [See Fig. 3 below], it applies +28 volts to relay K-701, which then connects the vertically polarized dish to the APR-9 line receiver. When the toggle switch is thrown to the "Horizontal" position, it removes the +28 volts from relay K-701 and the spring-loaded relay then connects the horizontally polarized dish to the APR-9 receiver.

When selecting the appropriate antenna dish, it is also necessary that the correct polarity of APR-9 signal be applied to synchro-resolver rotor

[The rest of the text is cut off at the bottom of the page]

The page also contains a detailed circuit diagram labeled "AN/ALA-6 DIRECTION FINDER" with various components like CRT, Defl. Ampl., Synchro, Drive motor, and relays, with Fig. 3 referenced.


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-6-

so that the bearing displayed on the ALA-6 will correspond to the antenna dish in use.

The same toggle switch that applies or removes, the +28 volts from relay K-701 also does the same for relay K-501, whose function is to apply the correct polarity excitation to the synchro-resolver rotor. IF RELAY K-501 SHOULD FAIL TO ACTUATE WHEN THE TOGGLE SWITCH IS THROWN TO THE "VERTICAL" POSITION, THEN THE BEARING-TO-THE-RADAR DISPLAYED BY THE ALA-6 WILL BE 180° IN ERROR, AS THE AIRCRAFT FLIES PAST THE RADAR, THE INDICATED BEARING WILL MOVE UP-SCOPE INSTEAD OF DOWN-SCOPE.

Thus, if K-501 failed to actuate when McClure positioned the toggle switch to the "Vertical" position (to coincide with the known vertical polarization of the CPS-68 radar at Biloxi), the bearing displayed on the ALA-6 would not only be 180° in error (pointing out toward the Gulf, as reported), but the bearing would move up-scope as the R8-47 proceeded toward Meridian, also as reported. [This is shown in Fig. 4 in a not-to-scale representation.]

According to McClure's recent recollection, the displayed bearing moved from approximately 5 o'clock to roughly 1 o'clock during the approximately 5 minutes which he "worked" the signal. This would be the angular movement expected if the RB-47 was within approximately 20 miles of the Biloxi radar.

In the mid-1950s, at the time the ALA-6 was built, the two principal sources of equipment malfunctions were vacuum tubes and relays. Analysis of subsequent events in the RB-47 mission, to be discussed shortly, suggests that the malfunction of K-301 was an intermittent or temporary one and that it later resumed normal operation.

This could have resulted from an imperfect, cold-soldered, connection to relay K-301 terminals, or within its solenoid coil. Another possibility is that moisture accumulated in the relay during a humid July may have frozen as the RB-47 climbed to altitude, preventing the K-301 armature from operating. McClure first applied power to the ALA-6 as he neared Biloxi. However, after a few minutes of operation, the heat from the relay solenoid and other electrical devices on the antenna could have melted the ice, allowing the relay armature to operate normally, thereby curing the 180° ambiguity.

The same sort of 180° ambiguity could also result if relay K-501 functioned properly but an antenna-dish switch (K-701) failed to actuate. Under this condition, the ALA-6 would be operating from an antenna dish of the opposite polarity to that selected by the operator. Normally this improper polarization discrepancy should be readily apparent to the ALA-6 operator as his flipped his toggle switch seeking the optimum signal. However, because the RB-47 was so close to the powerful CPS-68 at Biloxi, the difference in signal strength might not be detectable.

Beyond the possibility of an 180° ambiguity caused by a malfunction of relay K-301 or K-701, there are other sources, such as an intermittent malfunction in the deflection amplifiers or in the synchro-resolver.

McClure says that he abandoned the anomalous S-band signal after about 5 minutes, without notifying the aircraft commander or the other two Elint (ECM) operators. Some


- page 19 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-7-

time later, McClure recalls that he decided to check the ALA-6 against other air defense radars in the region. These operate at a lower frequency in L-band (1,000 mc.).
McClure recalls that the ALA-6 seemed to give the correct bearing for the known location of these L-band radars. (This detail is not included in the original Piwetz report.) Unfortunately, McClure did not think to tune back to S-band to check the ALA-6 performance against the original signal. If McClure's recent recollection of having checked the ALA-6 against L-band radars is correct, it would seem that the transient malfunction had by this time cleared.

THE SECOND INCIDENT:

The RB-47 turned west near Meridian and took up a true heading of 265° on a path toward Waco, during which time three Elint operators were to check on their equipments against radars and communications stations in the region. At 10:10Z, while the RB-47 was in the vicinity of Winnsboro, La., the pilot observed "a very intense white light with light blinding toward the aircraft from the 11 o'clock position. As the pilot and co-pilot watched, the luminous object cut in front of the RB-47, at a distance later estimated to be roughly two miles, and zoomed off to the right of the airplane, disappearing at roughly a 2:30 o'clock position.

The encounter would have been an unnerving one for the flight crew because the luminous object seemed to at first threaten a head-on collision. So far as the record shows, the RB-47 had not received any warning from the Civil Aeronautics Administration (Now the Federal Aviation Administration) traffic controllers or from any of the several nearby air defense radar stations that there was any other traffic near their altitude/position.

Large meteors, or "fireballs," on a near-horizontal trajectory often produce UFO reports, even from experienced pilots. For example, on Dec. 9, 1965, a former Royal Canadian Air Force pilot (Mr. A.G.M. de Toron) wrote a letter to the USAF's Project Blue Book office describing a UFO he had seen while flying near Pittsburgh, Pa., at 4:45 p.m. (daylight) on Air Canada Flight #781.

Quoting from his letter: "We were at 18,000 ft., I was looking out the window toward the east when I saw 'it'. A sort of pencil shaped object flying horizontal for a split second, then going into a 70° dive with an orange flame then appearing behind it. In a matter of just 3 or 4 seconds it was gone. Just like a rocket taking off... Am a former Royal Canadian Air Force pilot from the last war. I had never seen anything like it before, especially the rapid changes in direction and terrific speed." [Emphasis supplied.]

If this incident had occurred very late at night and/or over a thinly populated area, this particular UFO report might still be unexplained. However, because the same object reported by this RCAF pilot was also seen reported by hundreds of observers on the ground, this UFO is known to have been a bright meteor. It left a characteristic meteor trail which persisted for 20 minutes and was photographed by a man in Michigan who obtained four good pictures.

The RB-47 incident occurred at 5:10 a.m. Central Daylight Savings time, when there would be few ground observers if any. In the summer of 1957, it was not surprising that the RB-47 flight crew began to consider the possibility that the luminous object they had seen might be a UFO. For the U.S. was in the midst of a major "UFO Flap" that summer. Since the "discovery" of UFOs in 1947, there would be more UFO reports filed with the USAF in 1957 than in any previous year except 1952!

[OVER]


- page 20 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-8-

In the RB-47, the pilot and co-pilot sit in tandem in a bubble canopy so their conversations must necessarily be conducted via the airplane's interphone system. As chase and co-pilot James H. McCoid began to speculate on what they had seen and the possibility that it might be a UFO, their conversation was heard by the Elint operators sitting within the RB-47 fuselage who had not been able to see the luminous object.

THE THIRD INCIDENT:

When McClure noticed ECM Monitor #3, Walter A. Tuschscherer, laughing and asked the reason, Tuschscherer (who had been listening on the RB-47 intercom) replied: "They're chasing flying saucers up-front," according to McClure's recent recollection. This prompted McClure to think about the anomalous S-band signal he had earlier worked near Louisiana.

During the intervening time, McClure had re-tuned to work L-band radars in Louisiana and Arkansas. Now he decided to tune his APR-9 and ALA-6 back to S-band to see if he could find the earlier S-band signal. But it was not until 10:30z, or 20 minutes after the visual sighting, that McClure detected an S-band signal, according to the Piwetz account. (This time figure and subsequent ones were hastily jotted down by McClure on scraps of paper, he recently told me.) It was only after this second encounter with an S-band signal, after 10:30Z, that McClure jotted down the characteristics of the signal:

Frequency: 2,995-3,000 mc.; Pulse repetition frequency (PRF): 600 per second;
Pulse Length: 2 microseconds; Scan rate: 4 rpm.

The CPS-68 radar, an early post-war design, radiates six separate beams from three different antenna dishes. Each beam operates in a different part of S-band. The frequency and other signal characteristics noted by McClure are identical to those for the VERTICAL-CENTER BEAM -- except for the pulse duration/length at a PRF of 600/sec. According to the Handbook of Operating Instructions for the CPS-68B [T.O. 31PG-2CPS6-11, revised is Jan. 1957], when the radar is operating at a PRF of 600/sec., the pulse length is 1 microsec., not the 2 microsec. noted by McClure. But an Elint specialist who is familiar with the APR-9 Elint receiver says that smearing of the received pulse due to ground reflection could easily cause an operator to err by this small increment.

The newly acquired S-band signal, at 10:30Z, showed a bearing of roughly 70°. This was roughly the same relative bearing at which the bright luminous object had zoomed out of sight some 20 minutes earlier as it headed north. IF this S-band signal came from the UFO, then the UFO must suddenly have changed course and was now flying abeam of the RB-47, somewhere out there in the darkness. However, the flight crew did NOT see any visual contact at 10:30Z -- at a 70° bearing elsewhere.

One of the curious aspects of this incident is why the S-band signal did not show up on the ALA-6 until 20 minutes after the initial visual sighting. McClure assures me that it would not take more than 10-15 seconds for him to re-tune from L-band to S-band.

This delay is readily explained IF the signal detected by McClure at 10:30Z came from an FPS-10 radar (with signal identical to a CPS-68) situated at Duncanville, just southwest of Dallas. Analysis of the RB-47's flight path and the coverage of the Duncanville radar's Vertical-Center beam at the RB-47's 34,500 ft. altitude shows that this beam's lower side-lobe would first begin to illuminate the aircraft at approximately 10:30Z. (See Fig. 6; also Appendix.)


- page 21 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-9-

However, if the signal was coming from the Duncanville radar the displayed bearing should have been approximately 35°, whereas the bearing reported by McClure and listed in the Piewtz account is 70°. But as earlier noted, all bearings are measured relative to the airplane for-or-axis so that if the PB-47 were maneuvering at the time this would introduce a discrepancy. Since there is no way to know for certain whether the aircraft was in level or maneuvering flight at that moment, it will be useful to examine subsequent ALA-6 bearing measurements and compare them with the expected values to determine if the S-band signal was coming from the Duncanville radar.

Figure 6 (p. 11) is a careful plot of the calculated RB-47 Flight path, developed with the assistance of aircraft commander Chase, showing all reported bearings of the unknown S-band signal, all times/events are based on the Piewtz report, unless otherwise noted.

At 10:352, McClure reported the S-band signal to be at a relative bearing of 68°. From my calculated RB-47 flight path, assuming the airplane in level flight, the bearing to Duncanville would be roughly 40°.

At 10:382, the S-band signal bearing was approximately 40°. The bearing to the Duncanville radar would be roughly 45°.

At 10:392, the aircraft commander "sighted a huge light which he estimated to be 5,000 feet below aircraft at about 2 o'clock." [Piewtz account.] Aircraft altitude was 34,500 feet, weather perfectly clear. Although aircraft commander could not determine shape or size of object, he had a definite impression light emanated from top of object." [NOTE: This was the first visual sighting 10:10z, and did not occur until nine minutes after McClure acquired S-band signal.]

At 10:402, McClure "reported he then had two signals at relative bearings of 40° and 70°." Based on calculated RB-47 position, the bearing to the Duncanville radar would have been roughly 50°. Piewtz account states: "aircraft commander and co-pilot saw these two objects at the same time with same red-color." However, Chase recently told me that he does not recall ever seeing two visual objects.

If the S-band signal was coming from a UFO, then the craft apparently had divided into two widely separated objects! A more plausible explanation is suggested by the ALA-6 Handbook of Operating Instructions IF the signal was coming from the Duncanville radar. The handbook says that the ALA-6 may at times display what appears to be two SIGNALS AT TWO DIFFERENT BEARING ANGLES (from a single radar) "due to a reflection from some nearby object to the left of the true signal reflect." This condition is illustrated in Fig. 5, using a photograph from the ALA-6 handbook.

Shortly after 10:402, the RB-47 commander obtained permission from the Civil Aeronautics Administration to deviate from the original flight plan to pursue the UFO. The RB-47 then turned right, to a heading of 320°, putting it on a path that would take it toward Dallas-Ft. Worth. [See Fig. 6, p. 11.] The RB-47 contacted the Duncanville radar station (Code Name: "Utah")) and "requested all assistance possible," in its UFO chase, according to the Piewtz account.

At 10:422, only a single S-band signal was noted by McClure, having a bearing of 20°. From the RB-47 calculated flight path, the bearing to the Duncanville radar also [ovt]


- page 22 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(1) AIRCRAFT COLLISION LACK 7, TIME OF SIGHTING: 1057, 17

(2) LOCATION: 6 NM WEST, SPEED MACH .67

(3) UNABLE TO OBSERVE DUE WAT UNABLE TO ASCCING

(4) THREE OF RUNNERS 7 THEY SAW BLUE LIGHTED

(5) AT 24-02 HENSLEY T

(6) IN SKY IN VICINITY

(7) (1) CLEAR, 15 MI VIS, CLEAR

(8) (2) 35-45 MI

(9) (3) UNLIMITED

(10) (4) 25 MILES

(11) (5) FIELD

(12) (6) NONE

CAR
Log of Report 3

Certain which direction or
being N, S, W, etc.

1. What data
pick up due to
being 1/2 to 3/4 hr
elp. from site

Pertinent data and
estimate to place,
direction, height,
class of sighting NOT
clear

CAA Circular
14 Jul 65

1050 Z - 7 - 0350 hrs (Wg)

Note: Some handwritten notes and annotations are present on the document that are not fully legible or clear in their entirety.


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-10-

would be approximately 20°. Chase accelerated the RB-47 as the "object pulled ahead" [Piwetz account] in an effort to close on it. [Chase's original Airborne Observer's report says the RB-47 accelerated to Mach 0.83, but his more recent recollection is that he was near maximum speed, or at roughly Mach 0.87.]

At 10:42.52, the ALA-6 once again showed TWO S-band signals, with bearings of 30° and 70°. If the RB-47 had by this time completed its turn onto the new 320° heading, the bearing to Duncanville would have been roughly 15°, but the bearing would be larger if the turn was still in process. So far as the Piwetz report shows, and Chase's current recollection, there was only a single visual target.

At 10:442, the ALA-6 once again showed only a single S-band signal, with a bearing of 50°. The estimated bearing to Duncanville, assuming the aircraft was not maneuvering, should have been roughly 10°.

At 10:482, the Duncanville station asked the RB-47 to turn on its radar trans-ponder to Mode III ["for positive identification, then request crew to advise) posi-tion of object."] [This seems curious because the air defense radar personnel should have been able to identify the RB-47 some minutes earlier when assistance was first requested, considering the typically light traffic in the pre-dawn hours. The radar had height-finder beams so it should have been quite easy for experienced operators to identify the RB-47 from the pilot's estimated position and reported altitude.]

When the RB-47 crew "reported position of object as 10 nautical miles northwest of Ft. Worth, Texas" [Piwetz account], the radar station "immediately confirmed pres-ence of object on their scopes." [Again, it seems curious that an air defense radar station had overlooked an unidentified craft until the RB-47 called attention to it. This almost suggests an unexplained or attempted radar jamming effort.]

At "approximately 10:502 object appeared (to flight crew) to stop and aircraft overshort. Utah (radar) reported they lost object from scopes at this time, and ECM (McClure) also lost signal. If the ALA-6 signal was coming from the Duncanville radar, it would logically disappear from McClure's scope at about this time because the RB-47 was now so close that no longer would be illuminated by the Vertical Center beam to which the ALA-6 and APR-9 were tuned (2,995-3,000 mc.). A possible explanation for why the Duncanville radar lost its unidentified target and the RB-47 was visual target will be discussed shortly.

The RB-47 commander, thinking he had overshot the UFO, began a turn to the left shortly after passing between Dallas and Ft. Worth. At roughly the same time (which I estimate to be 10:512), "ECM #2 picked up signal at 160° relative bearing." Reference to Fig. 6 shows that by this time the RB-47 would now be far enough away from the Duncanville radar again so the Vertical-Center beam at RB-47 flight altitude, see Appendix B.]

At the same time, "Utah (radar) regained scope contact and aircraft commander regained visual contact." This is believed to be an error in the Piwetz account, according to extended correspondence with pilot Chase, who is certain that the new visual contact did not occur until several minutes later. If there was visual contact at this time, the "object" could NOT POSSIBLY BE THE ONE GENERATING THE S-BAND SIGNAL seen OF THE RB-47 (160°). BECAUSE THE FLIGHT CREW COULD NOT LOOK IN THIS DIRECTION AT AN OBJECT BELOW RB-47 FLIGHT ALTITUDE. IF the Utah radar operators advised of their new unidentified radar target, this is not indicated in the Piwetz account.


- page 24 -

Text found in the document:

Fig. 6

[Right side header, partially legible]
FOR PROFILE OF
VERTICAL CENTER
WAVE & ENVELOPE
SEE APPENDIX A, B

[Scale]
Statute Miles

[Various timestamps and location notes around the diagram, including times like 16-152, 16-132, 16-142, etc.]

[Annotations include phrases like:
- "APPARENT POSITION"
- "UPPER ALTITUDE COVERAGE"
- "LOWER ALTITUDE COVERAGE"
- "LANDING POINT"
- "GROUND SPEED"]

The document appears to be a detailed flight trajectory or tracking diagram with concentric dashed lines, arrows indicating movement, and multiple annotated points with timestamps.


- page 25 -

At 10:522, McClure "had signal at 200° relative bearing, moving up his D/F (direction finder) scope," according to the Piwetz account. For the calculated RB-47 position at that time, the bearing to Duncanville would have been 200°, as McClure observed. And because the RB-47 was then making a left turn toward the direction of the ground radar, the bearing indication should have been moving up-scope, exactly as reported.

At 10:552, the Piwetz account says that the RB-47 crew notified Duncanville that the aircraft was running low on fuel and would soon have to head back to its Topeka base. [Chase now believes that this was done several minutes later than 10:552, but this discrepancy is not of consequence.]

At 10:572, the ALA-6 showed a signal with a bearing of 300°. Based on the RB-47 position, the bearing to the Duncanville radar is estimated to be approximately 270°. However, the airline would have been turning at the time which would make it difficult for McClure to obtain a very accurate measurement.

Also at 10:572, the Piwetz account says that the Duncanville radar "had no scope contact" with the unidentified target. There is no further mention of ground radar contact after 10:572, yet the RB-47 continued to obtain its 5-band signal, off-and-on, for another 40-odd minutes. THUS THE DUNCANVILLE RADAR HAD CONTACT WITH AN "UNIDENTIFIED" TARGET FOR NO MORE THAN SEVEN MINUTES -- between 10:482 and 10:502, and again between 10:512 and 10:562.

At 10:582, according to the Piwetz account, the aircraft commander "regained visual contact of object approximately 20 miles northwest of Ft. Worth," estimated altitude 20,000 ft., at 2 o'clock from aircraft." [Chase has clarified the ambiguous language, explaining that it was the RB-47 that was northwest of Ft. Worth which would place the visual object some 20 miles northwest of the Airborne Observer's Report. My calculation of RB-47 position at this time, made with Chase's assistance, actually places the RB-47 west, not northwest.]

The Piwetz account contains almost no details of what happened during the next few minutes. RB-47 pilot Chase recalls that he obtained permission to dive toward the visual object (a light) and chase the airplane down to roughly 20,000 ft. because the aircraft was maneuvering almost continuously during the next few minutes. McClure would probably explain why there are no further 5-band bearing measurements given by Piwetz until some minutes later when the aircraft gave up its chase and headed north toward Topeka.

By 10:582, darkness would be fast receding in the Dallas/Ft. Worth area. According to the World Almanac, official sunrise at Dallas on July 17, 1957, was 11:312 CST, or 6:312 CDT). The sky would be moderately light at least 30 minutes before official sunrise. The fact that the RB-47 crew abandoned their chase suggests that they did not find any unusual craft or object when they reached the area where the visual light seemed to be situated. Otherwise, we can assume they would have lingered longer and reported their sighting to Duncanville.

According to the Piwetz account, the RB-47 finally took up a heading for home at 11:022, and by 11:402, the aircraft was roughly above Oklahoma City. The 11:022 time is believed to be a typographical (transposition) error, intended to be 11:202. This would be more consistent with the 11:402 time given for the concern of Oklahoma City and the aircraft's position at 10:502 when it is known to have been near Dallas/Ft. Worth.


- page 26 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-13-

From 11:202 (or 11:022) until 11:402, the ALA-6 was again showing an S-band signal with a measured bearing of "between 180° and 190°." The signal "faded rather abruptly" as the RB-47 neared Oklahoma City, according to the Piwetz account.

This is precisely what would be expected if the S-band signal were coming from the vertical-center beam of the Duncanville radar, which would be at a bearing of roughly 180° as the RB-47 headed north. (See Fig. 6.) Furthermore, the signal should disappear as the RB-47 neared Oklahoma City, for this would be the outer limit of coverage of the beam at the airplane's flight altitude.

On Sept. 5, 1971, I first wrote to ALA-6 operator McClure, seeking clarification of some aspects of this case. In his reply, dated Sept. 10, McClure volunteered the following view:

"I personally think that there was no airborne signal of this nature, so I can only say that it (i.e. the anomalous signal near Bioxoi) must have been caused by some other reason, unknown to us. I also think later we became mixed up with signals from Houston, Dallas or Oklahoma City, all of which had operational CPS-68 radars." (Actually, these were FPS-10 radars with signal characteristics identical to the CPS-68.]

In a subsequent telephone conversation and later correspondence, McClure re-stated his opinion even more emphatically.

If the CPS-68 type signal had indeed come from an airborne vehicle, the signal would have been within receiving range of the air defense radars at Houston, Dallas and Oklahoma City at various times between 10:402 and 11:402. Such a signal could be expected to cause severe interference with one or more of these ground radars, YET THERE WAS NO REPORT OF ANY SUCH INTERFERENCE FROM ANY OF THESE RADARS, SO FAR AS IS KNOWN.

Furthermore, if there had been an unknown craft flying in the vicinity of the RB-47 at the time it neared the coast until roughly two hours later when it neared Oklahoma City, it is strange that the unknown craft was not spotted by any of the many air defense radar stations in Mississippi, Arkansas, Louisiana, Texas or Oklahoma, except for the brief, sporadic report from the Duncanville station.

Curiously, the formal teletype report filed by the Duncanville radar station commander to Air Defense Command Headquarters within four hours of the incident (14:45, July 17, 1957) denies that the UFO appeared on the station's scope! The report says: "UTAH (Duncanville radar) HAD NEGATIVE CONTACT WITH OBJECT."

This seems to contradict statements by the RB-47 crew members, yet there is no reason to question the veracity of the latter. The most logical explanation for this apparent discrepancy is that between the time of the incident (roughly 10:502) and the time of the report (14:452), the Duncanville radar communications had not been identified as an ordinary airplane!

If this were the case, the Duncanville station commander might well have been too embarrassed to admit the temporary "bogey" possibly inexperienced operators would logically try to minimize the whole incident with the cryptic report: "NEGATIVE CONTACT WITH OBJECT." By the time the unknown was identified, the RB-47 could have been well beyond direct radio communications of Duncanville.

[04]


- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-14-

There is reason to believe that the "unidentified" target that appeared on the scopes of the Duncanville radar sporadically between 10:482 and 10:56Z may have been the American Airlines FLT. #966. This flight from Los Angeles, via El Paso, was scheduled to arrive at the Dallas Airport (Love Field) at 6 a.m. CDT, which would be 11:00Z. If the flight was on time on July 17, the aircraft would have been making its approach to Love Field at approximately the time that Duncanville reported its "unidentified" target. Since the weather conditions were good, and pre-dawn traffic is light, FLT. #966 should have been on schedule, but 14 years after the fact it is not possible to locate original records to confirm or deny this speculation.

Recall that the RB-47 flight crew reported that the visual object (light) was located northwest of Dallas/Ft. Worth, and Duncanville confirmed this approximate location for its unidentified radar target. Love Field is situated northwest of Dallas.

The original Airborne Observer's Report has a question which asks whether the flight crew saw any other air traffic. Chase reported that he saw no other traffic and he recently re-confirmed this in response to my query. Yet if FLT. #966 was approximately on schedule there would have been at least one other aircraft in the Dallas area at the time.

If the unidentified radar target noted by the Duncanville radar was indeed FLT. #966, the explanation for its brief disappearance from the scopes and subsequent re-appearance is understandable by examination of the coverage patterns of the multiple beams of the radar. (See Appendix A) At such time as FLT. #966 came within roughly 5 miles of the radar, the airliner would no longer be illuminated by any of the beams. Depending on the airliner's approach path, it could have passed through this zone of no-illumination twice if it made an outbound/inbound approach and landing--finally disappearing for good as it descended for its landing.

If the landing lights of FLT. #966 were the "visible UFO" which the RB-47 flight crew saw northwest of Dallas, and which was over-flown at 10:50Z, it seems certain that this particular airliner could not have been the "visible UFO" seen by the RB-47 crew at 10:39Z which prompted them to change flight plan and head toward Dallas/Ft. Worth.

Any attempt to identify the source of this light 14 years after the incident is a hopeless task, especially for an investigator who is not familiar with possible ground-based light sources in that region, such as industrial facilities, oil refineries, etc.

IN SUMMARY:
The real crux of this UFO case is whether the source of the S-band signal, which had all of the characteristics of a CPS-6B/FPS-10 radar, did in fact come from such radars located near Kirlov and Duncanville, or whether the signal was being radiated by an airborne object/craft.

IF the signal was being radiated by an airborne craft, there are only three possibilities:

1. A U.S. aircraft: It makes no sense for the U.S. to go to the expense and trouble of building a CPS-6B like radar and mounting it on an aircraft. If the purpose were to mimic enemy jammers, to train our own air defense radar operators, there are far simpler and less expensive ECM equipments available for that purpose.

The RB-47 UFO case file contains a letter dated Oct. 30, 1957, signed by Capt. Edwin H. Hammen of Air Intelligence, in reply to a query from Project Blue Book.


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

-15-

prompted by the RB-47 incident. The letter, originally classified, says: "This office knows of no S-band airborne equipment having the characteristics outlined."

I have personally questioned several long-time Elint specialists, including a former official in the USAF's airborne electronic warfare laboratory who would have been responsible for having developed the airborne CPS-6B radar-mimic. Today, nearly 20 years after such equipment--if it existed--had been developed, it would certainly be declassified. Yet none of the Elint specialists had ever heard of such equipment.

2. A foreign aircraft: Only two countries -- Britain and the USSR -- had jet aircraft large enough to carry a powerful CPS-6B type radar and the FLy at speeds comparable to that of an RB-47. If either country had built such equipment, it could test the equipment against U.S. air defense radars by flying over the international waters of the Gulf of Mexico, without risking a grave international incident by penetration of U.S. airspace.

If either country had built the equipment for the purpose of spoofing, or "playing games" with U.S. Elint aircraft, this sort of experiment could have been conducted in West Europe or Asia where numerous RB-47 Elint aircraft were based.

3. An extra-terrestrial (E-T) spaceship: Inasmuch as the signal had all of the characteristics of CPS-6B/FPS-10, it is certain that the equipment was specifically designed either for use against American air defense radars or against U.S. Elint-type aircraft.

If the intent was to interfere with (jam) CPS-6B/FPS-10 radars, then clearly the E-T mission of July 17, 1957, was a complete failure there were no reports of such interference from the radars at Houston, Oklahoma City, Duncanville or Biloxi. Having gone to so much trouble, it would seem logical for the E-Ts to subsequently modify their equipment and to return to Earth for another attempt--hopefully more successful. Yet this has never happened, so far as the record shows.

If the E-T went to the trouble of building a CPS-6B type radar and transporting it all the way to Earth for the capricious mission of playing games with the crew of an Elint airplane, then clearly the mission was a success. But an important question is how the E-T succeeded was able to identify this particular aircraft--the RB-47--among all of those aloft around the Earth on July 17, 1957, as an Elint aircraft?

Elint aircraft do not radiate any distinctive signal to identify their function. They do carry a number of appendages and antennas, but many other types of military aircraft carry a variety of appendages, such as mapping radar, doppler radar, fuel tanks, etc. In darkness and at high speed, it would be especially difficult, even for a U.S. Elint specialist, to identify an Elint aircraft.

Another curious aspect is that having gone to all the trouble to build equipment to spoof an Elint aircraft, the E-Ts have never since attempted to play games with such an aircraft, so far as is known.

CONCLUSIONS:
This analysis believes that the S-band signal with all of the characteristics of a CPS-6B/FPS-10 radar actually came from radars of this type at Biloxi and Duncanville. The signal bearings reported by Piwetz, based on figures hurriedly jotted down by

[Note: The last line is cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

-16-

McClure, when plotted against the RB-47 flight path, generally coincide with the direction to the Duncanville radar. The match is not perfect, but McClure never had the opportunity to check the accuracy of the figures contained in the Piwetz report and we are almost certain that there was at least one typographical error [11:02Z vs. 11:20Z.]

If the S-band signals displayed on the ALA-6 came from ground radars, and if the unidentified radar traffic briefly observed on the Duncanville scopes was later identifiable as ordinary air traffic, then this case really boils down to the bright luminous object that flashed by the RB-47 at 10:10Z, which had all the earmarks of a bright meteor, and the various colored lights later observed in the general vicinity of Dallas/Ft. Worth. The latter could have a variety of explanations, including other air traffic.

IT IS NOT SURPRISING THAT THE SERIES OF UNUSUAL INCIDENTS PROMPTED THE RB-47 CREW TO BELIEVE THAT THEY HAD AN ENCOUNTER WITH A UFO. In 1957, with UFO reports and interest at nearly an all-time high, it would have been surprising if the RB-47 crew had not reached such a conclusion.

CREW COMMENTS:

A draft of this analysis-report was submitted to the two principal RB-47 crew members involved in this incident for their reactions, which follow:

Lewis D. Chase, RB-47 aircraft commander/pilot:

"I think this study is an excellent work! I apologize for fearing you would not go in deep enough with your analysis. Congratulations, and my thanks, for giving me a plausible explanation for the events that happened to my crew that night in 1957."

Frank B. McClure, ECM Monitor #2:

"I am certain that for some reason we had intercepted ground signal that moved up-scope. I know that once we were near Dallas and (flying) north toward Forbes (AF Base), the signals were undoubtedly GFS-68/PPS-10 air defense radars. I do not believe any UFO was emitting these signals."

IMPLICATIONS:

In presenting this case to AIAA members, the AIAA's UFO Subcommittee observed: "This sample case may serve to illuminate the difficulties in deciding whether or not the UFO problem presents a scientific problem." This case does indeed illuminate two central aspects of the entire UFO issue:

1. If it were not for the belated discovery of the original ("contemporary") records, meager as they are, this case would be unexplainable simply because of the discrepancies that have-understandably-crept into the current recollections by the principals of events that transpired 14 years ago. Because most of the old UFO cases lack such original documentation, they must remain unexplained. But this lack-of-explanation should not imply that they involve extraterrestrial spaceships or other exotic phenomena.

2. Even when original data are available, if an investigator approaches his task with a conscious, or unconscious, desire to find no conventional explanation so as to end up with extraterrestrial spaceships as the only possible alternative, then the investigator will find no plausible conventional explanation.

Philip J. Klass
December 30, 1971


- page 30 -

APPENDIX A

RADIATED BEAMS OF CPS-6B and FPS-10 RADARS: (From T.O. No. 16-300PS6-7)

Figure 1-3. Structure of V-beam Pattern
Revised 15 May 1954

VERTICAL PROFILE OF VERTICAL-CENTER BEAM (2,992 - 3,019 mc.) WITHOUT SIDELOBES:
[Detection range shown for fighter aircraft (1 sq. meter target); detection range for bomber-type aircraft is approximately twice distance shown.]

NOTE: ANGULAR DIMENSIONS SHOWN FOR BEAMS ARE FOR 3 db.-down points and DO NOT include sidelobes.


- page 31 -

APPENDIX B
-18-

ESTIMATED RANGE AT WHICH ALA-6 COULD DETECT SIGNAL FROM CPS-68/FPS-10 RADAR VERTICAL-CENTER BEAM AND ITS SIDELOBES AT RB-47 ALTITUDE OF 34,500 FEET.
(Distances shown are as measured along surface of the earth and are not slant ranges.)

Width of Main Beam = 10 db. down points
Coma-Lobe = 16 db. down from Main Beam
Lower Side-Lobe = 15 db. down from Main Beam
Upper Side-Lobe = 22 db. down from Main Beam

NOTE: Radar energy reflected off the ground may partially fill "gap" shown between lower sidelobe and main became of antenna's low elevation angle. The radar antenna is assumed to be aligned to horizontal although dish can be elevated slightly to clear local obstructions.

MY THANKS TO THE FOLLOWING PERSONS AND ORGANIZATIONS FOR THEIR VALUABLE ASSISTANCE

RB-47 crew members: Pilot Lewis D. Chase, ECM Monitor #2, Frank B. McClure, and ECM Monitor #1 John Provenzano.... Elint specialist Rod Simons of the ARL Div. of Geophysics-Meteorology Research Dept., White Sands Proving Ground... George Rapcewiz, Former Technical Director of USAF's Electronic Warfare Laboratory at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.... Ken Klipple of Rand Corporation... which produced the ALA-6... Tom Paranzelli, Paul J. Teich and C.I. Robbins, of General Electric's Heavy Military Electronics Systems Dept., which produced the CPS-68 and FPS-10 radars... Dr. Maurice Maurer, chief of the Historical Research Div., Maxwell AFB, Ala., where the Project Blue Book UFO case files are archived.... the Air Defense Command, which dug into incident records to obtain information on the deployment of CPS-68 and FPS-10 radars in July, 1957.... American Airlines for doing the same to provide the scheduled arrival times for its FE 1956 and N655 on July 17, 1957.... Finally, the trace Dr. James E. McDonald for his initiative in locating the original RB-47 case records in the Project Blue Book archives.

***
Philip J. Klass
Washington D.C.


- page 32 -

14 January 1972

Mr. Philip J. Klass
Aviation Week & Space Technology
McGraw-Hill, Inc.
Rm 425, National Press Bldg.
Washington D C 20004

Dear Mr. Klass

I lack the technical background for full appreciation of your detailed account of the RB-47 UFO case, but the explanation you derive from your detailed analysis of the evidence provides a reasonable explanation.

Thank you for sending us copies of your report.

Sincerely

MAURER MAURER
Chief, Historical Research Division

Copy to: Blue Book Case File


- page 33 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

(?) PILOT STATED THAT OBJECT COULD OUT HOVER FASTER THAN HE COULD...

(?) UNKNOWN BECAUSE AVC WENT OUT OF OUR AREA TO THE ARC UNITED STATION AT LINCOLN 74TH ACRON.

(?) APPROXIMATELY 327 MI., BY A/C

(?) AIRBORNE RADAR WAS BEING USED ON B-47 TO TRACK OBJECT. NAVIGATOR STATED THAT THEY HAD OBJECT IN GOOD CONTACT FOR SOME DISTANCE.

Some parts of the text are partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document.


- page 34 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text on this page. The image appears to be a grayscale photograph with varying shades of gray and black, but the details are very blurry and indistinct. The image looks like it might be a photograph of something, but the resolution and contrast make it difficult to determine what the subject is.


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

PRECEDENCE:
ACTION: CQ
INFO: X

FROM:
CONSTRATESCWG 55 FORBES AFB KANS

TO:
CINCSAC OFFUTT AFB NEBR
COMAF 8 WESTOVER AFB MASS

1. ZIPPO     M-12 AMPLIFY CIRVIS REPORT SENT BY ADC
   SITE UTAH

2. NA/NA/555RW

3. UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

4. LACY 17

5. 101002 17 JUL 57 TO 110402 17 JUL 57

6. APPROXIMATELY 3200N and 91-30W ON A TRACK PLANNED FROM MERIDIAN,
   MISS. TO WACO, TEX.

7. FIRST SIGHTED AT APPROX 32-00N AND 91-28W

8. ECM RECONNAISSANCE OPERATOR #NR 2 OF LACY 17, RB-47H AIRCRAFT,
   INTERCEPTED AT APPROXIMATELY MERIDIAN, MISSISSIPPI. SIGNAL WITH THE
   FOLLOWING CHARACTERISTICS: FREQUENCY 2995 MC TO 3000 MC; PULSE WIDTH
   OF 2.0 MICRO-SECONDS; PULSE REPETITION FREQUENCY OF 600 CPS; SWEEP
   RATE OF 4PM; VERTICAL POLARITY. SIGNAL MOVED RAPIDLY UP THE 'B/F'

   550DI/+xg

[Bottom of form includes classification and signature sections]

Classification Cancelled
(or changed to)
Auth
By
Date

Form 173 is noted at the bottom, which replaces DD Form 173, 1 Oct 48, which will be used until exhausted.


- page 36 -

JOINT MESSAGEFORM - CONTINUATION SHEET

UNCLASSIFIED

CONSTRATECOWG 55 FORBES AFB KANS

SCOPE INDICATING A RAPIDLY MOVING SIGNAL SOURCE; I.E. AN AIRBORNE SOURCE. SIGNAL WAS ABANDONED AFTER OBSERVATION. AT 1010Z AIR-
CRAFT COMDR FIRST OBSERVED A VERY INTENSE WHITE LIGHT WITH LIGHT BLUE TINT AT 11 O'CLOCK FROM HIS AIRCRAFT, CROSSING IN FRONT TO ABOUT 2:30 O'CLOCK POSITION, CO-PILOT ALSO OBSERVED PASSAGE OF LIGHT TO 2:30 O'CLOCK WHERE IT APPARENTLY DISAPPEARED. A/C NOTIFIED CREW AND ECM OPERATOR NR 2 SEARCH FOR SIGNAL DESCRIBED ABOVE, FOUND SAME APPROXIMATELY 1030Z AT A RELATIVE BEARING OF 070 DEGREES; 1035Z, RELATIVE BEARING OF 068 DEGREES; 1038Z, RELATIVE BEARING 040 DEGREES. AT 1039Z A/C SIGHTED HUGE LIGHT WHICH HE ESTIMATED TO BE 5000 FEET BELOW AIRCRAFT AT ABOUT 2 O'CLOCK. AIR-
CRAFT ALTITUDE WAS 34,500 FEET, WEATHER PERFECTLY CLEAR. ALTHOUGH A/C COULD NOT DETERMINE SHAPE OR SIZE OF OBJECT HE HAD A DEFINITE IMPRESSION LIGHT EMANATED FROM TOP OF OBJECT. AT 1040Z ECM OPERA-
TOR NR 2 REPORTED HE THEN HAD TWO SIGNALS AT RELATIVE BEARINGS OF 040 AND 070 DEGREES. A/C AND CO-PILOT SAW THESE TWO OBJECTS AT THE SAME TIME WITH THE SAME RED COLOR. A/C RECEIVED PERMISSION TO IGNORE FLIGHT PLAN AND PURSUE OBJECT. HE NOTIFIED ADC SITE UTAH AND REQUESTED ALL ASSISTANCE POSSIBLE. AT 1042 ECM NR 2 HAD ONE OBJECT AT 020 DEGREES RELATIVE BEARING. A/C INCREASED SPEED TO MACH 0.83, TURNED TO PURSUE, AND OBJECT PULLED AHEAD. AT 1042½ ECM NR 2 AGAIN HAD TWO SIGNALS AT RELATIVE BEARINGS OF 040 AND 070 DEGREES. AT 1044Z HE HAD A SINGLE SIGNAL AT 050 DEGREES RELATIVE BEARING.

AT 1045Z ECM NR 3 WAS RECORDING INTERPHONE AND COMMAND POSITION

UNCLASSIFIED

[Bottom of document contains administrative markings and form details]


- page 37 -

JOINT MESSAGEFORM - CONTINUATION SHEET

COMSTATRECGRP 55 RCRES AFB KANS

UNCLASSIFIED

CONVERSATIONS. ADC SITE REQUESTED AIRCRAFT TO GO TO IFF MODE III FOR POSITIVE IDENTIFICATION THEN REQUESTED POSITION OF OBJECT. CREW REPORTED POSITION OF OBJECT AS 10NM NORTH WEST OF FT WORTH, TEXAS, AND ADC SITE UTAH IMMEDIATELY CONFIRMED PRESENCE OF OBJECT ON THEIR SCOPES. AT APPROXIMATELY 1050Z OBJECT APPEARED TO STOP AND AIRCRAFT OVERSHOOT. UTAH REPORTED THEY LOST OBJECT FROM SCOPES AT THIS TIME AND BCM NR 2 ALSO LOST SIGNAL. AIRCRAFT BEGAN TURNING, BCM NR 2 PICKED UP SIGNAL AT 160 DEGREES RELATIVE BEARING, UTAH REGAINED SCOPE CONTACT AND A/C REGAINED VISUAL CONTACT. AT 1052Z BCM NR 2 HAD SIGNAL AT 200 DEGREES RELATIVE BEARING, MOVING UP HIS D/F SCOPES. AIRCRAFT BEGAN CLOSING ON OBJECT UNTIL THE ESTIMATED RANGE WAS 5NM. AT THIS TIME OBJECT APPEARED TO DROP TO APPROXIMATELY 15,000 FEET ALTITUDE AND A/C LOST VISUAL CONTACT. UTAH ALSO LOST OBJECT FROM SCOPES. AT 1052 IN THE AREA OF MINERAL WELLS, TEXAS, CREW NOTIFIED UTAH THEY MUST DEPART FOR HOME STATION BECAUSE OF FUEL SUPPLY. CREW QUERIED UTAH WHETHER A CIRVIS REPORT HAD BEEN SUBMITTED AND UTAH REPLIED THE REPORT HAD BEEN TRANSMITTED. AT 1057 BCM NR 2 HAD SIGNAL AT 200 DEGREES RELATIVE BEARING BUT UTAH HAD NO SCOPE CONTACT. AT 1058Z A/C REGAINED VISUAL CONTACT OF OBJECT APPROXIMATELY 20NM NORTHWEST OF FT WORTH, TEXAS, ESTIMATED ALTITUDE 20,000 FEET, AT 2 O'CLOCK FROM AIRCRAFT. AT 1102Z AIRCRAFT TOOK UP HEADING FOR HOME STATION. THIS PLACED AREA OF OBJECT OFF THE TAIL OF AIRCRAFT. BCM NR 2 CONTINUED TO D/F SIGNAL OF OBJECT BETWEEN 180 AND 190 DEGREES RELATIVE BEARING UNTIL 1140Z WHEN AIRCRAFT WAS APPROXIMATELY ABEAM.

55DOI/tkg

PAGE 3
NO OF
PAGES 4

UNCLASSIFIED

DD, FORM 173-1


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM - CONTINUATION SHEET
COMSTRATZEOCMG 55 FORBES AFB KANS

UNCLASSIFIED

OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA. AT THIS TIME SIGNAL FADED RATHER ABRUPTLY.
555SW DOI HAS NO DOUBT THE ELECTRONIC D/F'S COINCIDED EXACTLY WITH
VISUAL OBSERVATIONS BY A/C NUMEROUS TIMES THUS INDICATING POSITIVELY
THE OBJECT BEING THE SIGNAL SOURCE.

See Item 44 & Radar Questionnaire
for track pls of 8-6-47 and UFO.

Maneuvers of object not at
follows: estimate not below
and return. Another (90)
pace was "flying" tag"

See DAG report

UNCLASSIFIED

Page 4 of 4 pages


- page 39 -

5. Aircraft Identification
a. Type aircraft RB-47H
b. Serial No. 53-4305
c. Home Station FORBES AFB
KANSAS

6. Flight Data
a. Heading 265°
b. Ind. Altitude 34,500'
c. Ind. Airspeed 258
[X] Knots □ MPH

7. Was an attempt to detect the object on airborne radar made? (Circle one)
Yes □ No □ No Radar □ Radar Inoperative
a. If YES, describe: UNSUCCESSFUL

8. Was an intercept attempted? (Circle one)
Yes [X] No □

9. Were photographs taken? (Circle one)
Yes □ No [X]
CONT WAS TRACKED ON ECM EQUIPMENT AND RADAR SCOPE PICTURES TAKEN

10. Were any other aircraft seen in the area? (Circle one)
Yes □ No [X]
a. If YES, was any attempt made to contact them? Comments:

11. Were any nearby ground stations contacted during or soon after the sighting?
(Circle one) [X] Yes □ No Comments:
"UTAH" GCI WAS CONTACTED
AND TRACKED OBJECT


- page 40 -

UNCLASSIFIED

AIRBORNE OBSERVER'S DATA SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. Date observation was made:
17     July     57

2. Time observation was made:
1010 z (GMT)
[Time zone boxes are unchecked]

3. Exact location of aircraft when the observation was first made:
32-00N     91-29 W
Coordinates

4. Crew members who made the observation. (List each name)
NAME    RANK    CREW POSITION
[Names are blacked out]
First line: MAJ    Aircraft Commander
Second line: 1/LT    Co-Pilot

AISOP # 2
(19 Sep 56)

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 41 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Page Four

18. If you saw the object at night, twilight, or dawn, what did you notice concerning the stars and moon?
STARS (Circle one)
a. None
b. A Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

MOON (Circle one)
a. Bright moon light
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember
(Some Clouds To South)

19. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle one)
a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

20. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of
an automobile headlight? (Circle one)
a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?   b. Several blocks away?
A block away?   d. Several yards away?   e. Other INTENSE BLUE-
WHITE LIGHT

21. What were the wind conditions at the time you saw the object? (Circle one)
a. No wind   b. Slight breeze   c. Strong wind   d. Don't remember
USUAL WIND AT ALTITUDE - 360/50K

22. What type of cloud cover were you flying through at the time you saw the
object? (Circle one)
a. Clear   b. Overcast   c. Undercast
d. Above scattered clouds   e. Below scattered clouds
f. Through scattered clouds   g. Other 

23. Did the object appear? (Circle one)
a. Solid?
b. Transparent?
c. Don't know. -

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 42 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Page three

12. Were any unusual disturbances noted on the compass or radio?
(Circle one)     Yes    No     Comments:
OBJECT TRACKED WITH DF EQUIPMENT ABOARD THIS TYPE AIRCRAFT - SIGNAL ANALYZED.

13. Was any turbulence noted?    (Circle one)    Yes    No
Comments:

14. Estimate how long you saw the object:    1    30    (OFF RDN)
                                            Hours   Minutes   Seconds

Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 14.
a. Certain    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Just a guess

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Other

16. What was the condition of the sky?    (Circle one)
a. Bright daylight                                d. Just a trace of daylight
b. Dull daylight                                  e. No trace of daylight
c. Bright twilight    (NIGHT)                     f. Don't remember

17. If you saw the object during daylight, twilight, or dawn, where was the sun located as you looked at the object?    (Circle one)
a. In front of you                                d. To your left
b. In back of you    (N/A)                        e. Overhead
c. To your right                                  f. Don't remember

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 43 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page six

30. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle one) Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Extremely Slow, 75-700 MPH.

31. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle one) Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 11,000 feet.

32. Try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (Azimuth).
32.1 When it first appeared: 240 degrees.
32.2 When it disappeared: 360 degrees.

33. If there was more than one object, then how many were there? 2 ?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.
(SEE NARRATIVE)

34. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand at arm's length? (Circle one)
a. Head of a pin    e. Quarter    i. Grapefruit
b. Pea             f. Half Dollar    j. Basketball
c. Dime            g. Silver Dollar    k. Other
d. Nickel          h. Baseball

35. Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 34.
a. Certain    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Uncertain


- page 44 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

HLSA (INTEL) 7-57 TO SUBJECT: UPON PC

Shape?
Size?

cluster, leaving 2 UFO's

FOR APPROXIMATELY 42 MIL...

SEE
COPIAS
AFS
SIGHTINGS,
7 AUG 56

The rest of the text is either partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document.


- page 45 -

UNCLASSIFIED

24. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know

25. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one) Yes   (No)   Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell
what it moved behind.

26. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one) Yes   (No)   Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell
what it moved in front of.

27. The edges of the object were: (Circle one)
a. Fuzzy or blurred   (b.) Like a bright star   c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember   e. Other: (Appeared As A Bright Light)

28. Describe in a few words the color of the object. When Passing In Front
Of Our Aircraft It Appeared As A Bright Bluish-White Light
When Aside The Aircraft It Appeared As A Bright Light With
A Reddish Tinge.

29. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in
its longest dimension. (Unable)   feet.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 46 -

41. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

AGAIN - NO SIZE OR DIMENSION COULD BE DETERMINED. ONLY THE LIGHT.

42. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle one) Yes   No   If you answered no, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

43. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

SOME OBJECT OR ENERGY SOURCE THAT HAD THE ABILITY TO MOVE AT A MUCH HIGHER VELOCITY THAN THE B-47. SOLIDITY OF THE OBJECT CONFIRMED BY TRACKING FROM GROUND BY "UTAH", THE GCI SIT.


- page 47 -

UNCLASSIFIED

36. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
LIGHTS WENT OUT.

37. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle one)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

38. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle one)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

39. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

NOTHING BUT FAST MOVING LIGHT WAS VISIBLE

40. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn diagram showing a path with directional arrows]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

45. Show the location of the object in relation to the aircraft by placing an "X" on the edge of the circle at the o'clock position and state high, low or level. If this relationship changed during the sighting use another circle and show the new relationship of the object to the aircraft. Also indicate any changes of heading of your aircraft.

[Handwritten notes on the diagrams]
1ST SIGHTING
When Pursuit was taken up

Moved From
Approx 10 Acres
Nose AUX Intake
AT APPROX. 12.

[Printed text on the diagrams]
(Circle one)
HIGH
LOW
LEVEL

(Circle one)
HIGH
LOW
LEVEL

(Circle one)
HIGH
LOW
LEVEL

265° Heading

265° Heading

265° Heading

360° T.H.

320° T.H.

320° T.H.

Same

Same

Same

[Bottom row of circles also marked "Same"]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 49 -

UNCLASSIFIED
Page nine

If practicable, attach to this page the section of a local area chart which shows the location of the sighting. On this chart plot the flight path of your aircraft and the flight path of the object.

If a local area chart is not available, roughly sketch in the area of the sighting showing latitude and longitude. Then plot the flight path of your aircraft and the flight path of the object. Put in prominent landmarks as necessary.

OKL. CS ELG. SIGNAL INDICATED OBJECT STAYED
CITY CS WITH B-47 TO OKL. CITY.

[The rest of the text is part of a hand-drawn map/chart showing flight paths, locations like Dallas, Utah, Gulf of Mexico, and various annotations about object movements and positions.]

At the bottom of the map, there is a rough sketch labeled "CLOUDS TO SOUTH"

The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page.


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page twelve

17. Please give the following information about yourself:
Name MAJ. CHASE LEWIS DORMAN
Last Name                First Name    Middle Name

ADDRESS 38TH S.R.S. FORBES AFB, KANSAS
           Street                City                Zone    State

TELEPHONE NUMBER 3101 (EXTENSION)

What is your present job? AIRCRAFT COMMANDER ON RB-47H

Age 35                Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade School ✓
b. High School ✓
c. College ✓
d. Post graduate
e. Technical School
f. Flying School ✓
g. Other special training

18. Date you completed this questionnaire:
10      SEPT        57
Day     Month       Year


- page 51 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

46. Please give a brief narrative account of sighting and any other additional data or comments.

See Enclosure #2.

Page eleven

UNCLASSIFIED

The rest of the page appears to be blank or illegible.


- page 52 -

Here is the text from the document:

17 July 1957
1050 Z
-07 = 0350 Level (Continuing) 1944
ATCH WITH THE 3 WING 55 MIL BOMB 37
ACROWN JOSEPH ROUTING

7.4425
GOLDEN GATE CHURCH DUNCANVILLE AFSTA TEC
INTL ACORN ADS FTR APB COLO

HQ/CONAC AIR INTL TECH CENTER WRIGHT AND OHIO
DIRECTOR INTLL HEADQAT MACH 25 DC
DIRECTOR 350 ADVN OKGITY AFSTA OKLA

FILE (TITLE): 7-587 PD SUBJECT: UFOB PD
Shape?
Size?

(1) BLUE
(2) ONE
(3) MORE
(4) LIGHT FLASHED
(5) NONE
(6) NONE

There is also a circular stamp/marking in the center of the document and some handwritten notes in the margins.


- page 53 -

SUBJECT: Request for Analysis - Electronics UFO Report

TO: AFOIN-434                                FROM: AFOIN-461           DATE: 30 Oct 57    COMMENT NR 2
ATTN: Capt. G. T. Gregory                    AFOIN-461a/V. D. Bryant/c
                                              7213/Jdlg 263-b/m lh

1. This report is difficult to evaluate because there is such a mass of evidence which tends to all tie in together to indicate the presence of a physical object or UFO. With the exception of rather abrupt disappearance of returns on the electronic equipment and indication that the object traveled at relatively high speed, there are no abnormal electronic indications such as are usually present in reports of this type -- extreme speed, abrupt changes of course, etc. These abnormal indications are usually the basis for considering anomalous propagation, equipment malfunction, etc., as responsible for the "sightings".

2. The electronic data is unusual in this report in that radar signals (presumably emanating from the "object") were picked up. These intercepted signals have all the characteristics of CFS-GB ground radar equipment, and in fact are similar to CFS-GB. This office knows of no similar equipment characteristics outlined.

3. Since the type equipment on the ground (at "Utah") is not known, and since there are no "firm" correlation between the ground intercept and the sightings from the aircraft, it is impossible to make any determination from the information submitted. On the other hand, it is difficult to conclude that nothing was present, in the face of the visual and other data presented.

1 Incl
n/c

[Signature of Edwin H.Ammer, Capt]

Page 1 of 1 page
Cy 1 of 1 cys

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 54 -

July 17-Amarillo, Texas-1145pm7 red, whirling LIGHTS with slow, irregular paths, reversing, hovering, .5 went N to S,2 went S to N. Passed over at regular intervals except 2 that came together. Clear.

July 17-50miles E.of El Paso, Tex-3:33Cam(MST)Amer. Airlines Flight #665 almost collides with huge, green UFO(Shot A)(Fireballs mounting).


- page 55 -

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
CIVIL AERONAUTICS ADMINISTRATION
WASHINGTON 25

NOV 8 1957

Brig. Gen. Harold E. Watson, USAF
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear General Watson:

This will acknowledge receipt of your letter, reference number AFCIN-4PL, dated October 7, 1957, in which you requested copies of the Civil Aeronautics Administration final report of investigation of two incidents involving commercial airlines and the sighting of unidentified flying objects, which had been previously reported in local newspapers.

The first incident mentioned occurred on July 22, 1957, near Amarillo, Texas, and involved Trans World Airlines' Flight No. 21. Subsequent investigation proved that the unidentified object was another aircraft which was displaying the proper navigation lights. The true identity of this aircraft was never determined, however, it is assumed that it was a U. S. Air Force KC-97 aircraft which was known to be operating in the area at the time of the incident.

The second incident occurred on July 17, 1957, near El Paso, Texas, and involved American Airlines' Flight No. 655. Investigation of this incident definitively established the fact that the unidentified flying object was American Airlines' Flight No. 966, which had previously departed from El Paso, Texas, en route to Dallas, Texas.

Since both incidents, referred above, have been determined to involve other aircraft, it is assumed that the above information will suffice for your records.

In accordance with your request, we are establishing a procedure whereby your organization will be informed of the results of all Civil Aeronautics Administration investigations involving civilian aircraft and the sighting of unidentified aerial phenomena.

Sincerely yours,
Roy Kelley
Director, Office of Flight
Operations and Airworthiness


- page 56 -

