PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
31 October 1957

2. LOCATION
Massapequa Park, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2030

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
✓ Ground-Visual
Source: Civilian (Pilot & X FD)

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
✓ No

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not given /6-7 seconds

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
An extremely bright object was seen traveling very fast, (120 dgr in about 6-7 seconds). No reports of an UFO from radar, aircraft, air operations or others from that area.

11. COMMENTS
Although observer tends to discount the possibility of a meteor, the characteristics, speed and description all point to the object being a meteor.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
✓ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
North

ATC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

1-4 NOVEMBER 1957 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                           OBSERVER       EVALUATION

Nov     - Brazil (CASE MISSING)            Civilian       Insufficient Data
Nov     - Garda, Poland                    Civilian       Astro (METEOR)
Nov     - Hewet, California                Civilian       Insufficient Data

1       - New Orleans, Louisiana            Civilian       Aircraft
1       - Huntington, West Virginia         Other (UNRELIABLE OBSERVED)
1       - Detroit, Michigan                 Astro (VENUS)
1       - Atlanta, Georgia                  Insufficient Data
1       - Swansea, Illinois                 Astro (METEOR)

2       - Canadian, Texas                   Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
2       - Brooktondale, New York            Other (SEARCHLIGHT)
2       - Ft Worth, Texas                   Insufficient Data
2       - Atlantic Ocean                    Astro (METEOR)

2-3     - Levelland, Texas (Fabled *)       Military       Astro (BALL LIGHTNING)
3       - Whits Sands, New Mexico           Multi          Astro (MOON/VENUS)
3       - Belmar, New Jersey                Insufficient Data
3       - Long Beach, New York              Astro (VENUS)
3       - Asbury Park, New Jersey           Balloon
3       - Greenville, Alabama               Insufficient Data
3       - Tucson, Arizona                   Astro (METEOR)

4       - Mount Dora, Florida               Other (KITE)
4       - Dundein, Florida                  Other (CONTRAILS)
4       - Oro Grande (Alamogordo), New Mexico Other (MIRAGE/PSYCH)
4       - Astoria, Missouri                 Insufficient Data
4       - Mitchell Field, Long Island, New York Balloon
4       - Marietta, Georgia                 Insufficient Data
4       - Birmingham, Alabama               Insufficient Data
4       - Kirkland AFB, New Mexico (CASE MISSING) Military Astro (METEOR)
4       - Milwaukee, Oregon                 Astro (VENUS)
4       - El Paso, Texas                    Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
4       - Cayucos, California               Astro (VENUS)
4       - Nolcant, Louisiana                Astro (METEOR)
4       - Atlantic (Jamaica), Miami         Astro (METEOR)
4       - Kirkland AFB, New Mexico (CASE MISSING) Astro (METEOR)
                                            Aircraft

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                           SOURCE          EVALUATION

Nov     - Universe                          Science News Ltr
2       - Brown Mountain, North Carolina    Newsclipping
3       - Amarillo, Texas                   Newsclipping
4       - Klaipn Port, Brazil MISSING       Newsclipping
         Kodiak, Alaska                     Newsclipping
         Elmwood Park, Illinois             Newsclipping

(R) In separate folder


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

[CLASSIFICATION]

COUNTRY OF ACTIVITY REPORTING: National AF Base, New York

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

COUNTRY OR AREA REPORT CONCERNS: Massapequa Park, New York

ACTIVITY SUBMITTING REPORT: 2500th Air Base Wing
National Air Force Base, New York

PREPARING INDIVIDUAL: Director of Operations, 2500th Air Base Wing, National AF Base, N.Y.

NAME OR DESCRIPTION OF SOURCE: R. B. Mason

REFERENCES (BAIR Subject, previous reports, etc. - as applicable): [blank]

SUBJECT: [blank]

SUMMARY: Attached letter from R. B. Mason, 77 Harmony Drive, Massapequa Park, New York dated 5 December 1957, is forwarded for any investigation or action you deem necessary.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
MARTIN G. O'TOOLE
Captain, USAF
Adjutant

[Bottom of document includes warning about transmission of document and distribution information]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Massapequa Park, New York
December 5, 1957

Director of Base Operations
United States Air Force
Mitchell AFB
Garden City, New York

Sirs:

This is for the UFO section of the "To whom it may concern" department; my feelings won't be hurt if in this up in the circular file, but after some weeks I've decided I should at least drop a note.

Matter of fact, the amide references in the press to hallucinations, and the repeated assurances that UFO can contain all or partial reports of unidentified objects, including those reported by professional and military and other citizens, for what it may be worth, I'd be glad to do with someone else's observation that it might just happen to be a good one.

As a Naval Aviator (still on flying status in the Reserves), I don't think I'm completely ignorant of phenomena, pheneomena, and can at least claim general powers of observation and reasoning are at least normal.

So I'm morally confident here was no natural explanation within the frame of reference of 250 to no account for what I saw clearly at 6:30 p.m., local time (I forget the exact date, but it was on or about 25 Oct 1957). In moving north through an arc about 60 degrees above the eastern horizon from my vantage point at the above Long Island address. I'm speaking most advisedly. (Not noting its distance, I of course wouldn't hazard a guess to linear velocity) but its angular velocity took it through some 120 degrees of azimuth in perhaps six or seven seconds (say, ten times that of Sirius or one of the brighter planets).

A meteor would of course be the nearest natural phenomena, but I tend to discount that possibility as several grounds, mainly because the trajectory, which appeared to parallel the horizon throughout its

On the million-to-one chance this has any relevance to your work, I remain,

Very truly yours,

[Signature and additional handwritten notes are present but partially obscured]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Science News Letter for September 28, 1957

See Fall Constellations
Some characteristic fall constellations are visible in the southern sky during October, which also brings an unusual solar eclipse visible only from Antarctica.

By JAMES STOKLEY

ALTHOUGH the autumn skies do not have some of the most interesting and characteristic constellations which are visible in the summer, there appear on the accompanying map, which depicts the sky's appearance at 10 o'clock, west of south, some interesting and charted constellations.

In the middle of the month and eight o'clock at the time of observation, high in the southern sky are the four main stars of the constellation Pegasus, the great square of Pegasus. Alpheratz, the one in the upper left-hand corner, is in the neighboring group of Andromeda, the small lady constellation which is in the horse's neck, as the name was drawn on the old star maps.

The star extending from the upper right-hand corner are his fore feet, or the animal is shown rapidly dashing to the southwest and will come to a right side of the square, was well known to the ancient Greeks as the constellation Pisces Australis, and is part of Pisces Austrinus.

Though it is the first magnitude, according to the swarm nearby the corner reckons star brightness. Because it is so low, its light has to pass through a greater thickness of the earth's atmosphere, and if it were higher in the sky, the stars would appear brighter and they are only shown as they might brighten when they are fairly high.

Constellations of the Zodiac
Just below the square we find Pisces, the fishes, which is one of a row of constellations called the zodiac, which stretches across the sky, down to the southwestern horizon. The others are Aries, the ram; Aquarius, the water carrier; Capricornus, the goat; and Sagittarius, the archer.

There are constellations the zodiac touches in the evening sky. Ursa Minor, the little bear, is low in the west, and Ursa Major, the big dipper, is earlier in the evening than in the times for which the maps are drawn, in Scorpius, the scorpion, also a contact constellation.

The zodiac is the path through which the moon and planets seem to move, and Venus is in Scorpius. It was at its beginning of October, just as it will three-quarters after the sun, but by the end of the month it remains above the horizon for nearly two and a quarter hours after sunset.

Another planet, Saturn, is in the same part of the sky. Although of the first magnitude, it is not as bright as Venus. At the beginning of October, Venus will be at the beginning of Scorpius, and Mars and Jupiter are now in the same region.

Returning to the stars, we find that some of the brightest of these now visible appear to the right of Pegasus. High in the west is Capella, the well-known star in magnitude bright. Next below this star is Lyra, in Lyra, the star called Altair.

[Two star charts are included in the image, showing the night sky for October 1957 with various constellations marked]

Symbols for Stars in Order of Brightness:
• • • (three different sized dots representing star brightness)


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The tumult, however, will not grave
the earth's atmosphere, hardly making a
sling the Antarctic coast, near Halley
Bay, where a British expedition is located.
Scientists there will be able to take ad-
vantage of this opportunity for some unique
observations. If the eclipse should be total,
it is not, the eclipse should still be viewed.

The important phase of the total eclipse
concerned with the ionosphere, the layer
of the atmosphere that reflects radio waves
back to the ground, and is affected by the
sun's radiation. When the moon cuts this
layer, radio communication is disrupted.

Without traveling to Antarctica, anyone
who can see the coming eclipse in October
will be able to see another eclipse—not once
but several times. This will be of the same
general character as the total eclipse of Per-
sian, the champion, which is seen in the north,
east, and west of Europe.

Algol, also known as beta Persei, is the
second brightest star in this constellation;
the brightest is Mirfak, a little to the left.
Ordinarily, Algol is of unequivocal 2.06
brightness, varying from about 3.5 to about
1.3 or 1.4 in a short 2.87, brighter.
Below it (to the left) the star Persei
(magnitude 2.38, and Algol is about twice
as bright).

However, if you look at these stars at
about 9:07 p.m. on the evening of Oct. 18,
you will find that their order of brightness
has changed, and Persei is about 50%
brighter than Algol. Normally the third
and as bright as it is normally. On the
evening of Oct. 19 and 20, Algol will
shine with its normal brightness, but on
the 21st, 22d there is a previous diminu-
tion in brightness, and it will again have faded.

Actually, Algol is not a single orb, but
consists of two stars revolving around the
center of gravity of the pair. There are
many primary stars one of which (the main
star) is bright, while its companion is much
fainter with an eclipsing binary the plane
of revolution is nearly in line with the earth,
so that when one star passes in front of the
other.

Thus, every 2 days 21 hours 49 minutes,
the dark component of Algol passes par-
tially in front of the bright one and pro-
duces a temporary eclipse. As this eclipse
takes place about the center of the complete
passage of the star.

Celestial Time Table for October

(No text legible in the table section)

Note at bottom: Submitted over CST, two hours for MST and three for PST
Science Service Letter, September 28, 1957


- page 6 -

Oct.28-London--UFO with Lights seen over one of Britain's Atomic-Bomber Bases by a Night-Fighter-Pilot & also picked-up by Radar Crews on the ground. (Being Investigated by Intelligence Agents of the Royal-Air-Force.) Object turned-off its' lights & sped away when it was discovered, according to the United-Press....


- page 7 -

SAFIS-3/Maj Tacker/jmA/T4966

8 January 1958

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Your letter of 17 December 1957, addressed to Air Technical Intelligence Center, has been referred to this office for reply.

The Air Force has no objection to your publishing the circumstances surrounding the unidentified flying object sighting mentioned in your letter.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. [redacted]
Shipman Point
Stamford, Connecticut

COMEBACK-SAFIS-3
READER-SAFIS-1
STAYBACK-SAFIS-3


- page 8 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

Name or Title: Maj. L. J. PARKER
Organization and Location: SAFIS-OSAF

Remarks: Maj. T- Our stock answer to these letters has been that the Air Force can impose no restriction on the publication of anything he saw or did.
TJH

From (Name or Title): Ted Minott
Organization and Location: AFOIN-4X3
Date: 23 Dec 57
Telephone: 52-266

Form DD 95 (1 FEB 50)


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Suive
4/13

Shippan Point,
Stamford, Conn.
December 17, 1957.

Air Technical Intelligence Center,
United States Air Force,
Wright Patterson Air Force Base,
Ohio
Attention: Wallace W. Elwood,
Captain, USAF
Assistant Adjutant.

Dear Sir:

Enclosed please find a clipping from one of the New York papers. This object is similar to the one I saw, the difference being that this object was just passing by us for routes unknown. The object that I saw was actually doing some reconnaissance work, moreover it was probably extracted some materials out of the sound and analysis-ing them, or perhaps even using them for fuel. As far as I am concerned nothing is impossible.

I am not writing to you about the flying objects seen over the New Jersey skies. I am writing to you about my own sighting, file reference JGA0-CC (29 Oct. 57). I have just recently gone in the writing field. I write about space, government and religion. My first book will be out, I hope, in the summer of 1958. The title of the book is "MAN FINDS GOD THROUGH SPACE".

I would like to have permission to have my sighting released, so that I could publish it along with the book as the book also deals with unexplainable objects.

Very truly yours,

[Signature redacted]


- page 10 -

