The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card with various fields filled out.

29 September 1957
LOCATION: Pikua, Ohio
DURATION: 20 minutes
SHAPE: Object that looked & was noted like an aircraft circling & then stood at high altitude showing no vapor trail.
AN OBSERVER: The observer said himself it was an a/c.
CONCLUSIONS: None. Insufficient Data for Evaluation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form that was likely filled out by an observer of an unidentified flying object.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

This questionnaire has been prepared to help you give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning any unidentified flying object that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will be withheld from any public release if you so desire. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?  
2. Time of day: 1205  
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern  
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Piqua, Ohio  
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. Seconds: 8-10  
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight  
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located on the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, featuring a questionnaire with various questions and response options related to sightings of unidentified aerial objects.

Here is the text contained in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One) a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car) b. Several blocks away c. A block away d. Several yards away e. Other

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly appear and then disappear? Yes No Don't Know
c. Move slowly and steadily? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off a smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Appear to change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One) a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars (Yes No)
b. Sun glasses (Yes No)
c. Windshield (Yes No)
d. Window glass (Yes No)
e. Telescope (Yes No)
f. Theodolite (Yes No)
g. Other

- page 3 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Looked at time of day as silver dull 

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you may such as size, proportions, etc., and especially exclude trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow to indicate the direction the object was moving.
[There is no drawing or sketch in this image.]

18. The shape of the object was:
(Circle One) a. Sphere or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Cigar shaped d. Other

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
My one

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract and output all the text found in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In an open field
d. On a hill or mountain
e. In an airplane
f. At an airport, Rickenbacker Air Field

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was inside a building watching the sky out the window when I saw a bright object coming over. I watched it for several minutes, but it moved too fast to be an airplane. It vanished from sight after a few minutes.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was observed to move (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: _____ degrees. 
31.2 When it disappeared: From true North _____ degrees, From the horizon _____ degrees.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report containing a form with various questions about a UFO sighting.

20. Draw a sketch that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
B<  270°  A

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
12 to 15 feet

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand: 
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea 
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain
c. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Faded from view

24. In order that you can give as true a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that the object which you say you saw, or whatever you interpret it to be, and which apparently was placed up in the sky, would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

20. Draw a sketch that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
B< 270° A
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
12 to 15 feet
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand:
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain
c. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Faded from view
24. In order that you can give as true a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that the object which you say you saw, or whatever you interpret it to be, and which apparently was placed up in the sky, would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs or illustrations. It is a scanned page from an old document, likely from Project Blue Book, that seems to be a questionnaire or report form. The text in the document appears to be filled out by hand.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, than what speed would you estimate? 1620 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job? Phone operator Air Force Civil Service 35 yrs.
Age: 35 Sex: F
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had: e.g. Technical school

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 23 24 March

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

34. CLOUD COVER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Thick or heavy clouds
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? 
DAY - / MONTH - / YEAR - 

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One) Yes

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes

36.2 Please list the names and addresses: 
REDACT

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
APPEARS TO BE SOME PHENOMENON IN THE SKY OVER 1954-1955 WAS REPORTED BY MULTIPLE OBSERVERS, CAUSE UNCERTAIN.

- page 8 -

