PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
5 September 1957

2. LOCATION
Wales, North Dakota

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local evening

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
---

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
---

9. COURSE
---

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Letter to senator requesting information on sighting.

11. COMMENTS
Reply indicates that obj or objs were meteors.

No rpt in file.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical Meteor
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

SAFIS-3/Maj Tacker/c/-/73328/8 Nov 1957

8 November 1957

Dear Captain:

Enclosed herewith are correspondence and/or news clippings reporting an Unidentified Flying Object near Wales, North Dakota, in September 1957.

Request ATIC furnish this office an analysis or evaluation of this reported sighting for submission to Senator Langer.

Sincerely,

2 Inclosures
1. correspondence
2. news clippings

Captain
Assistant Adjutant
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

SAFIS-3 - comeback copy
SAFIS-1 - reading copy

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services


- page 2 -

SAFLL-1/3aj Van Dyke/bba/78692/12 Nov 57
SAFLL

MEMORANDUM FOR THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
ATTENTION: CASD (PA)

SUBJECT: Congressional Inquiry

1. Reference your memorandum of 18 October 1957 requesting information on which to base a reply to Senator Langer in behalf of Mr. [redacted] concerning a sighting of unidentified flying objects in the vicinity of Wales, North Dakota.

2. The following information is submitted as a proposed reply to Senator Langer:

"I refer to your inquiry in behalf of Mr. [redacted] of Grand Forks, North Dakota.

"This matter has been referred to the Air Technical Intelligence Center for analysis and evaluation. As soon as a report has been received you will be promptly notified.

"I am inclosing the latest Air Force Fact Sheet concerning the Air Force's Ten Year Study of Unidentified Flying Objects."

3. Request that all Congressional inquiries pertaining to Air Force matters be forwarded to this Directorate for processing.

JOE W. KELLY
Major General, USAF
Director, Legislative Liaison

Enclosure
DOD News Release
dtd 5 Nov 57

I/R: Read SAFLL-1/3 Nov
Memo prop'd/Aded based on r/s fr SAFIS-3 dtd 8 Nov o/3aj Tucker


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

5 SEPT

SAFLL-1/hj Kelley f/s Van Dyke/maf/78692/6 Dec 57
SAFLL -

Dear Senator Langer:

I refer to your expression of interest in behalf of Mr. [redacted] of the University of North Dakota, who requested an explanation of an unidentified aerial object seen in the vicinity of Wales, North Dakota, on the evening of 5 September 1957.

In analysis of the sighting indicates that the object undoubtedly was a vision phenomenon similar a "fireball", or "bolide", as they are referred to in scientific terminology. A number have been seen this year, the most spectacular being the sighting from an aircraft of Pan American or TWA flying over the Atlantic on 7 March and the recent fireball observed in four western states on 16 October.

It is significant to point out that the brief description of the object given in the telephone interview is somewhat similar to that given by the press in the case of the aforementioned incidents.

A description of fireball given by a well-known astrophysicist may be of interest:

"An encounter with such an object is an extremely rare occurrence. Records indicate that the majority of people never see such in their lifetimes. Bolides, or "fireballs", differ from ordinary meteors in that they are very much brighter (sometimes transforming night into 'canopy day') and appear like a magnesium flare hurtling through the lower atmosphere, and in that they break up, crack, or leave a train in the atmosphere. Predominantly blush-white in color, those seen have orange, yellow and greenish tints. Interesting material that ignites through friction with the earth's atmosphere. It becomes visible at heights above 50 miles but, unlike an ordinary meteor, does not burn out in the air but frequently persists until it crashes to earth along or disintegrates in pieces."

Our conclusions were submitted for comment to a member of the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, who considered knowledgeable in the meteorical field, who confirmed our findings.

[Handwritten notes at bottom]
Cigs were filed
to: Hon. Wm. Langer
Sec. Langer

CC: COORD
COORD
SAFTS-CSAF
NORTH-DET
SRLTECH


- page 4 -

letter to Honorable William Langer (Cont)

Attached is a copy of the latest Department of Defense release regarding the Air Force's work in the field of unidentified aerial phenomena.

You may be assured that the Air Force will continue to study, analyze and present to the public the full facts on this subject.

Sincerely yours,

JOE W. KELLY
Major General, USAF
Director, Legislative Liaison

Enclosure

[ILLEGIBLE] Release Langer
United States Senate

NOTE:
Case received by DS from Maj Thacker/SAFIS-3/to Major Van Dyk/id 4 Dec 57.
on 21 Nov Maj Thacker received case with attachments from Capt Langer.
Capt G. T. Gregory/AFOIN-WA, 1st Ind 8 Nov to Capt Elwood, Wright-Patterson AFB, from Major
Tacker/photocy 1st Ind 30 Sep 57/photocy 1st Ind 10 Oct 57/photocy 1st Ind to Sen Weil H. McElroy fwd-Sen Langer dd 4 Oct 57/photocys 1st fr Yr.
to Sen and newspaper clippings.

2


- page 5 -

