PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
28 March 1957

2. LOCATION
Reseda, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local     2235
GMT       29/0835Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 to 5 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object cigar shaped approximately size of DC 6 at 1000 to 1500 ft alt surrounded by an elliptical light w length radius of 15 times and a width radius 5 times as long. Color bright golden core of object. Yellow flickering color 5 times brighter than outer light.

11. COMMENTS
Star Capella (mag 0.2) in position of sighting. No accounting for the disappearance. Atmospheric conditions could account for the brightness. However associated data lacking and case considered as insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
[X] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Location: California                Date: 9 April 1957

Headquarters Air Force Depot        Date of Report: 9 April 1957
Lowry AFB, Colorado                  Time Period: 13 April 1957

Carl W. Mathey, Major, USAF
Hq. ATIC                             Date of Info: 13 April 1957
Ernst Bloch, 1706m Victory Blvd
Reseda, California

N/A

See attached letter, subject: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOB), enclosed, from 1st Dist, USAF, Civil AF Station, Maryosa, California.

1
1st Fr OSI

[The rest of the bottom section is partially illegible]


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Department of the Air Force
HEADQUARTERS (GR) TWO THIRTY FIRST AIR FORCE
Washington

14th DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
Civil AF Station, Box 310, Haywood, Calif.

180 24-0

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO: Commander
Haywood Air Force Depot
Chall Air Force Station
Haywood, California

1. Reference AFR 200-2, Subject: INTELLIGENCE: Unidentified Flying Objects Reporting.

2. On 5 April 1957 Pasadena, California office address unknown, Los Angeles 14, California, telephonically reported to Special Agent DALLAS G. WEDDLE that be had observed an unusual phenomena and was writing a letter to headquarters USAF explaining his observation. On 8 April 1957 Special Agent GLENN T. COX interviewed SIMON at his office.

3. Mr. [redacted] was interviewed in accordance with paragraph 74 of AFR 200-2 and reported the following information:

(1) Description of the object:
A cigar shaped core, approximately the size of a B-26 at 1000 to 1500 feet, surrounded by an elliptical light with a radius 1½ times and a width radius ½ times as long as the cigar shaped core. The elliptical glow was bright golden in color, while the core appeared very yellowish white. The object was brighter than the outer light and was a yellow flickering color. The one object as sighted had no discernible details, no tail or exhaust stream, and lasted 10 sound.

(2) Description of source of object:
Mr. [redacted] advised that his attention was directed to this object by its brilliant glow. He first observed it in a west by northwest direction, at an angle of approximately 60 degrees above the horizon. The object made very little movement and


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ltr to Gasin, Haywood AF base, Haywood, Calif, Subj: Unidentified
Flying Object (UFOB)

that movement was made was towards the observer. The entire
phenomena disappeared like the turning off of an electric light.
In that there was an immediate black out or gradual fading
of this light. He estimated that he observed this object for approximately three to five minutes.

(3) Manner of observation:
This observation was made on the ground without the aid of
any mechanical equipment.

(4) Time and date of sighting:
The above described sighting was made on ______ here on
28 March 1957 at 2235 hours. ______ reported that the night was
extremely dark. Insofar as he could remember there was no moon.

(5) Location of observer:
______ indicated that insofar as he knew he was the only one
to observe this incident and at the time of his observation he was
standing in front of his home which faces in a southerly direction.

(6) Identifying information of the observer:
Mr. ______ was born on 22 September 1917 in Frankfurt, Germany.
During WW II he was associated with SHAEF as a Special Interrogator at Harroben, England. He advised that at this time he
was in the U. S. Army and was attached to the British Army in
that area. His rank was S/Sgt and Serial No. was 39168270.
He served in this capacity as a Special Interrogator from December
1944 to February 1945, at which time he was transferred to the
106th Infantry Division as an interpreter of prisoners of war.
His association with the 106th Infantry Division, which at that
time was stationed in Belgium, continued from February 1945 to
March or April 1945. In March or April of 1945 he was transferred to the 20th Armor Division where he was once again an
interrogator of prisoners of war. In June of 1945 he was
assigned to 3rd Army Headquarters, Bad Tolz, Germany. His specific assignment within this headquarters was with G-2 in Mobile
Intelligence. He was discharged as an M/Sgt on 15 July 1946
at Fort Mac Arthur, San Pedro, California.

2


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Ltr to Comdg, Haywood AF Depot, beyond, Calif, Subj: Unidentified
Flying Object (U03)

(7) Weather and winds aloft conditions at time and place of
sighting:

[Redacted portion]

related that there were high clouds completely
covering the sky located at approximately an altitude of
10,500 feet. It was a clear evening and no smog was visible.
He further described the night as one in which no stars were
visible. At this time he contacted that the object he sighted
appeared to be at approximately the same altitude as the above
described clouds, namely, 9,000 to 11,000 feet. He advised that
there were no thunder clouds.

The U. S. Weather Bureau Office at Lockheed Air Terminal,
Burbank, California, advised that on 22d March and 26 March
1957 the following weather conditions existed: A 15,000 feet
undercast overcast with a three-mile visibility and the presence
of some smog and haze. Surface winds in an easterly
direction at two knots per hour. This office further advised
that high altitude readings on wind conditions at Santa Monica,
California, revealed that as of 1900 hours on 23 March 1957 the
winds at 7,000 feet were blowing in a direction of 330 degrees
at 13 knots per hour while the winds at 10,000 feet were blowing
at 260 degrees and 15 knots per hour. No other pertinent weather
information is available.

(8) Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological,
astronomical or otherwise, which might account for the sighting:

[Redacted portion]

related that there were no unusual occurrences observed
by him at the time of his observation.

(9) Interception or Identification Action Taken:

[Redacted portion]

explained that during the period of his observation he
was able to see any aircraft activity within the immediate area;
however, a short time after the object disappeared he thought he
heard the jet aircraft flying in the area in which the object
was first seen. In a later telephone call approximately ten minutes
after making the observation, he telephoned the Van Nuys Police Department and inquired as to any other possible reports that they had
received that evening on unusual phenomena. Upon receiving a
negative reply from the Van Nuys Police Department, he terminated
the call without giving them any identifying data as to either
the jet aircraft or the observer.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(10) Question with sub and summary of the preceding official
including its preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the
sighting.

This report was prepared by Glenn T. Cox, Special Agent,
USAF District Office of OSI, from a report by [redacted] an individual
who contacted OSI. Will agree that [redacted] is an individual
that is apparently emotional, unable to hold upon his alleged
sighting in later conversation, but could be an individual who
could give an accurate accounting of any incident to be observed.
The description of the incident was made in a clear and concise
manner with no verbal distortion. The writer has no specific
idea to the probable cause of this incident. According to Mr.
[redacted], the sighting was made in an area that does not normally
evoke lights from the city of Los Angeles. Also the object
was in light from Los Angeles and no physical connection with any searchlight or etc. that
could have been located on the ground.

(-) Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and
photographs:

[redacted] advised that he took no drawings or graphs of the object and
made no drawings or graphs of the same.

[Signature of a Colonel, USAF]
District Commander


- page 6 -

