PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
22 December 1957

2. LOCATION
Herefordshire, England

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 6:45
GMT: 22/1845Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual
☐ Air-Visual
☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
45 dgr downward

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object size of small pea, color light bluish white. Object compared to Verey pistol. Object disappeared in fog.

11. COMMENTS
Since observer described this as a fireball in several instances, and the report itself concurs this, sighting probably is a bolide or fireball as these phenomena are quite prominent at this time of year.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☒ Was Astronomical Meteor
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other...
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation

(ATIC FORM 329 REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

APPENDICES(     237

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
    a. Clear sky             d. Slight breeze
    b. Hazy                  e. Strong wind
    c. Scattered clouds      f. NO WIND
    d. Think or heavy clouds

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
    a. Dry                   c. Cold DAMP, COLD.
    b. Drizzle, or light rain   d. Wet
    c. Snow                  e. Don't remember
    d. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
    THIS IS MY FIRST REPORT.
    Day                 Month                 Year

36. Were you alone with you at the time you saw the object?
    (Circle One)    Yes    No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?    Yes    No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like that?
    (Circle One)    Yes    No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did
    you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what object was and what might have caused it?
    (blank)


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

250    ( APPENDICES

Page 6

28. [Text is partially illegible, cannot fully read the description]

29. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was now first seen. At "B" will be the position when last seen. The dotted line shows the path of the object as nearly as can be remembered.

The page contains two diagrams/illustrations with landscape scenes and what appear to be trajectories or paths of an object across the sky.


- page 3 -

APPENDICES

249

[The image contains a form with multiple questions, including:]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
[Options include: a. Indoors, b. In a house, c. Outdoors, d. Automobile, e. Other]

24. Were you (Circle One)
[Partial options visible]

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, when and how far away from sick stars.
[Partially legible text]

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then:
[Partial form with directional options]

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
[Directional options visible]

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
[Directional options visible]

31. If you know the approximate angular elevation of the object, try to estimate the number of degrees from the horizontal, height and width of the object as compared to a known object.
[Partial text visible]

The form appears to be part of a UFO sighting report document with various questions about the observation of an unidentified object.


- page 4 -

SAFIS-3/Maj Tucker/jdm/73328

19 March 1958

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Your letter, dated 27 December 1957, addressed to the American Embassy, London, concerning an unidentified flying object has been referred to this office for reply.

The object you described in your report has all the characteristics of a bolide or "fireball". A large number of bolides were reported to the United States Air Force in the calendar year 1957.

For your information, I am enclosing a copy of the latest Department of Defense fact sheet on unidentified flying objects, dated 5 November 1957.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Enclosure
a/3

Mr.
Administrative Apprentices Training
School
Bramshill Mines
RAF Hereford, C. Rodan Hill
Hereford Hire, England

COMEBACK-SAFIS-3
READER-SAFIS-1
STAYBACK-SAFIS-3


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

CL R SHEET

ORIGIN OF BASIC:
Col. R.W. McDuffee
Air Attache
London, England

DATE: 16 January 1958
TYPE: On USAF Intel. Rept. 112
SUBJECT: UFO Report to AA Office, London from British Subject

ROUTING: (Initial "IN" column to denote review prior to action, "OUT" column to denote review of completed action. "✓" for action, "✓" for coordination.)

TO: SAFIS-3, Major Tacker
FROM: AFCIN-4EL

DATE: 26 Feb 1958
COMMENT NO.: 1

COMMENTS (Use reverse if necessary):

1. Attached letter and report transmitted to this Center via AIIR.

2. Our understanding that all letters addressed to U.S. Embassies and Attaches require reply in accordance with international protocol.

3. A few items from our findings upon which to base a reply:
   a. Object not conclusively identified as yet, but from the characteristics and other descriptions given was probably a bolide or "fireball" - a large number of which have been observed during the last 12 months.

   b. We are struck by the fact that (apparently) he just finished Keyhoe's book, and sent in a UFO report on the questionnaire on the back.

1 Incl:
Ltr

NICHOLAS POST
AFCIN-4E

AFH0 FORM 0-85 PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED. GPO 808344


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

UNCLASSIFIED

COUNTRY
Great Britain

DATE OF INFORMATION
16 Jan 58

REPORT NUMBER
I-32-58

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Unidentified Flying Object - Report by British Subject
FROM
Dept Great Britain

DATE OF INFORMATION
22 Dec 57

RECEIVED BY
Air Attaché, London

REPORTED BY
Ocl R.J. McDuffee, USAF, Asst Air Attaché

RECEIVED DATE
FEB 18 1958

BATA 460.T
SUMMARY (Enter brief summary of report. Give significance in final one-sentence paragraph. List inclosures if any list)

This report forwards a report on an unidentified flying object sent in by

APPROVED
FOR THE AIR ATTACHÉ:

[Signature]
Colonel, USAF
Asst Air Attaché

Library Safe & Drew Coles 4
5-01 11/58
603 22m

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

trerchard lines
administrative apprentices training
R.A.F HEREFORD
C RIDGE HILL
HEREFORD HIRE

Sir,

" on reading flying saucers from outer space" by Donald E KEY HOE I was considerably impr
eased by the enclosed report sheets and the interest and research that Mr.W.S.A.F. take in U.F.O.
I H A V E forwarded this report in the hope that it will be of some value to you.

when I first saw this object I told a few of my friends and then dismissed the matter from
my mind, however i wa s amazed to rea d a report in the papers the next day that an
object had been sighted over south wales ami that the deck of a sailing vessel
had turned pink after experiencing a vivid flash of light.

if my observation is of any use to you I can probably provide you with more extensive
details.

if it is not, i w ould still w elcome a reply from you and say releasable
information you can let me via or this particular incident, as I take a considerable interest
in occurrence of this sort and personally consider that I t is every citizens duty to do
so.

please ex cus e the type filling typewriting, its not exactly my trade.

yours faithfully,

ENCLOSURE: 
AIR ATTACHE, LONDON

1154543


- page 8 -

APPENDIX III

Form A

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared by the U.S. Air Force in order to obtain unclassified aerial information. Please help us by answering all questions fully and frankly. Your cooperation will be appreciated. The information will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without revealing the source of the information.

1. When did you see the object?
NIGHT BEFORE REPORT 45 pm

2. Time of day: 
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Tal. stn. hereford, Herefordshire
(Nearest Town)                 (State or Country)
Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours: 5 Minutes: Seconds:

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): night ... light fog
a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight
d. Dark twilight
e. Other

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. Behind you
             c. To your left
             d. To your right
             e. Don't remember

245


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

240                APPENDICES                     Page 1

[A detailed form/questionnaire with multiple questions, with checkboxes for "Yes", "No", and "Don't know"]

Questions include:
8. If you saw the object in NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice
9. Was the object brighter than the background or sky?
10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness at a certain strength at a mile?
11. Did the object:
- Appear to stand still at any time?
- Move in front of or behind clouds?
- Unusually slow descender

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?

13. Did other objects move behind something at any time?

14. Did the object appear: Solid, Transparent

15. Did you observe the following: (with checkboxes for Binoculars, Telescope, etc.)


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

248                                                APPENDICES

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Pics
     attached in the beginning of the report. "A" at the end of the path, and show now
     object moved.

45 do gross downwards.
all girt curvature.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its
    longest dimension.                500                   feet

22. How large did the object or objects appear to be compared with one of the following
    which had a size like that of a known object? (Circle One)
    a. Pin                                           g. Silver dollar
    b. Dime                   small pea               h. Grapefruit
    c. Nickel                                         i. Baseball
    d. Quarter                                        j. Other
    f. Half-dollar

23. Circle One as to whether an Indicate how certain you are of your answer to
    Question 22:
    a. Certain                                        e. Not very sure
    b. Fairly sure                                    f. Uncertain
    c. Guess

24. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
    overcame by fog g.

25. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would
    like you to make a rough drawing or sketch of the object or objects in the space below.
    Describe in your own words a common object they seemed most like. If you saw a
    light only, describe the size, shape, color, brightness, etc., in comparison with known
    objects in the sky or on the ground which you saw at the same time.

    a verey pistol light (blue)would give much
    the same effect.


- page 11 -

APPENDICES                247

Page 3

14. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: -----
b. Color: Light bluey-white

17. Draw a picture here that will show the shape of the object with wings, perspective, or other details that will help to identify the object. If you cannot make a good drawing, describe in words as nearly as possible the shape and draw a rough sketch to show the form.

Circled: falling downwards at 45 degrees
a lot slower than any other sky I have seen
- seemed it to be some phenomenal until
reading newspaper report on UFO seen over south
wales the next day?

18. The size of the object were:
(Circle Only)   a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a light ray
                c. Barely visible
                d. Don't remember

c. Other: -----

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were grouped, and put an arrow showing their direction

only one .


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

252

APPENDICES

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about the observer:
NAME                                 Middle Name
ADDRESS         R.A.F. HEREFORD
TELEPHONE NUMBER    Administrative apprentice
Who is your present job?    Administrative apprentice
Age    18 years    Sex    male

Please indicate by special questionnaire that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school    graduate school
c. Technical school
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:    december 23 rd 1957

Date Digitally 22 Dec


- page 13 -

