PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 October 1957

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
15/0300Z

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One bright light, alternating from blue-white to orange-red. Object was seen stationary, then moving fast in a Westerly direction.

2. LOCATION
San Diego, California

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
■ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar □ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
Military & Civilian (CAA)

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
see below

11. COMMENTS
Arcturus in position of reported light (bearing 220°) at about 050 clean and setting at 1920. Distortion of light & changing colors attributed to probable inversion off coast. That Arcturus was the object is further indicated by the fact that the pilots could not close on the object. Its jumping around & the spurious radar returns caused by atmospheric optics, WX conditions conclusive to distortion of atmospheric optics. Sighting was of rather short duration & Arcturus fell about the time of observation's disappearance.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
■ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

ASTRONOMY
Science News Letter for September 28, 1957

See Fall Constellations
Some characteristic fall constellations are visible in the southern sky during October, which also brings an unusual solar eclipse visible only from Antarctica.

By JAMES STOKLEY

> ALTHOUGH the autumn skies do not have the brilliance of those of winter, there are some interesting and beautiful constellations which now shine in the south.

These appear on the accompanying maps, which depict the skies as they appear about an hour after sunset and of standard time—add one hour for daylight saving time—at the first of October, nine o'clock at the end.

High in the southern sky are the four stars marking the great square in Pegasus, the winged horse. Actually, only three of the four stars are now visible. In the upper left-hand corner, is in the neighboring group of Andromeda, the chained lady. Diagonally opposite Markab, which is in the horse's neck, the figure was drawn on the old star maps.

The row of star extending downward from the square is Andromeda's head. The stars extending westward from the upper right-hand corner are her feet, for the animal is shown upside-down!

If you follow downward the line of the bright stars you will come to a bright star, low in the south, which is called Fomalhaut, and is part of Pisces Austrinus, the southern fish. This is about as high as the eye gets, in our northern latitude.

That is why it is represented by the symbol for a swimming fish, even according to the system whereby the astronomer reckons star brightness. Because it is so low, its light has to pass through a greater thickness of the earth's atmosphere than if it were higher in the sky.

The symbols on our maps show the stars as they appear and they are only shown with their full brightness when they are fairly high.

Constellations of the Zodiac

Just below the square of Pisces, the fishes, which is one of a row of constellations extending diagonally across the southern sky, down to the southwest horizon. The others are Aries, the ram; Aquarius, the water-carrier; Capricornus, the sea-goat, and Sagittarius, the archer.

These are constellations of the zodiac; that is, the path through which the sun, moon, and planets seem to move, and in the evening during October, the sun is in Scorpius, the scorpion.

Now moving over to the east we find, near the horizon at the map-time, brilliant Capella, in Auriga, the charioteer. To the right is part of Taurus, the bull, with a reddish star called Aldebaran. Both of these belong to that brilliant array of stars which is the Hyades, a prominent group during winter evenings.

On the celestial program for October there is an eclipse of the sun, but almost the only people to see it will be the members of the scientific parties located in Antarctica, making observations in connection with the International Geophysical Year.

An eclipse of the sun occurs when the moon passes between sun and earth, so that the lunar shadow falls on our planet. This shadow has two parts: the umbra, or inner shadow, where the moon completely hides the sun, and the outer penumbra, from which the lunar disc would only partially cover the sun's face. Where the umbra reaches, an eclipse is total; from the penumbra only a partial eclipse may be observed.

During the night of Oct. 22, by U. S. time, most of Antarctica, the southern tip of Africa, and the southernmost parts of Madagascar and New Zealand, as well as a large portion of the Indian Ocean, will be in the path of the sun's total eclipse, so that a partial eclipse of the sun will be observed from these regions.

[The document also includes two star charts showing the constellations visible in the October 1957 night sky, with detailed labels and symbols for star brightness.]


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Roads, Rails & Waterways: The Army Engineers and Early Transportation—Force G. Hill University of Oklahoma Press, 218 p., illustrated, $4.50. Though primarily founded for military defense, laid the important base for early transportation in this country.

A Survey Course in Quantitative Analysis—Edgar H. Willard, N. Howell Furman and Robert K. Bixson—Pren-Hall, 338 p., $4.25. Presenting the subject in an introductory form that may be covered in a one-

Solid State Physics: Advances in Research and Applications, Volume 4—Frederick Seitz and David Turnbull, Eds.—Academic, 240 p., $6.50. Research in progressing so rapidly that it is planned to publish two new volumes each year.

Ten Miles High, Two Miles Deep: The Military Review, 206 p., illus. with photographs and drawings by Charles Ger, $3.00. A book for young people telling the true story of the twin brothers, Swiss scientific mountaineers, who made the first ascent to the upper reaches of the sky.

Transactions: The International Journal of Metallurgical Society—Edited by Sir Robert Robinson and R. F. Woodward, Co-Chairmen—Ferguson Press, 138 p., illus., paper, when carried for personal use $5.80 per year; libraries and institutions $17.00. Contributions will be presented in one of three languages, English, French or German. Intended to cover all aspects of organic chemistry whether theoretical or applied.

A Textbook of Dairy Chemistry—Edgar R. Ling, Philosophical Library, 34 ed. rev. illus., Volume One, Theoretical, 237 p. Volume Two, Practical, 142 p. $7.50 per set. A text for students of agriculture and dairying based on a course of lectures delivered by the author at Midland Agricultural College, England.

RADIO
Saturday, Oct. 5, 1957, 1:30-1:45 p.m., EDT
"Adventures in Science" with Watson Davis, director of Science Service, over CBS Radio Network. Talent Search winners and a National Science Talent Search will discuss how GE Started on a Science Career.

Retractable Shaver Card Caddy—$2.00
DON'T GET YOURSELF IN A TANGLE! Now balanced holds five feet of cord for your electric shaver. Handy when you want your cord neat. Extra long cord reaches any outlet. Caddy is molded of tough plastic, swings out for easy coiling. Truly a handy shaver accessory. Works with any electric shaver, plugs into any outlet. Only $2.00 plus 25¢ for mailing. Write to Caddy, Dept. 10-G, 2206 N. Halsted, Hollywood 26, Calif.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The umbra, however, will just graze
the earth's atmosphere, barely touching if
long. This is the case in the Sahara re-
gion, where a British expedition is located.
Scientists there will be able to take ad-
vantage of this opportunity for some unique
observations, if the weather is clear; if it
is not, the eclipse should still be useful.

One important phase of the IGY program
is concerned with the ionosphere and that
of the atmosphere that reflects radio waves
back to the ground, and is affected by the
sun's radiation. When the moon cuts this
off, important observations are expected.

Without traveling to Antarctica, anyone
who can see the evening skies in October
will be able to see another eclipse, but
several times. This will be of the star
called Algol, in the constellation of Perseus,
the champion, which is seen in the north-
east, last above Auriga.

Algol, also known as beta Persei, is the
second brightest star in this constellation;
the brightest is Mirfak, a little to the left.
Ordinarily, Algol is of magnitude 2.06,
while Mirfak is 1.80, or about 25% brighter.

Below Algol (under the letter P in
Perseus) is the star called epsilon Persei, of
magnitude 2.88, and Algol is about twice
as bright.

However, if you look at these stars at
about 9:07 p.m. on the evening of Oct. 18,
you will find that their order of brightness
has changed, and epsilon is about 50%
brighter than Algol, which is now only a
third as bright as it is normally. On the
evenings of Oct. 19 and 20, Algol will
again be near its normal brightness, but on
the 21st, 2nd 7 days after its previous diminu-
tion in brightness, it will again have faded.

Actually, Algol is not a single orb, but
consists of two stars revolving around the
center of gravity of the pair. There are
many binary stars of which this is one
pair, with an eclipsing plane of revolution
nearly in line with the earth, and one star is much fainter than the
other.

Thus, every 2 days 20 hours 49 minutes,
Algol, a component of Algol, passes par-
tially in front of the bright one and pro-
duces an eclipse, which dims the light. It
takes about ten hours for the complete
passage of the dark star.

Celestial Time Table for October

Oct. EST
5 12:00 noon    Jupiter behind sun.
   5:00 p.m.    Moon farthest, distance 252,200
8 4:14 p.m.    Full moon
13 3:30 a.m.   Algol at minimum.
16 12:19 a.m. Algol at minimum.
18 8:07 p.m.   Algol at minimum.
20 7:00 a.m.   Venus nearest Saturn.
21 3:00 a.m.   Miles
   9:56 p.m.    Algol at minimum.
23 11:43 p.m. New moon; total eclipse of sun.
   10:47 p.m. Visible from Antarctica.
26 10:17 a.m. Moon passes Venus.
30 5:28 a.m.   Moon in last quarter.

Subtract one hour for CST, two hours for
MST, and three hours for PST.
Science News Letter, September 26, 1957


- page 4 -

To Capt Agy Only

TDPT (UTO)/Maj Quintanilla/70916/mbs/16 Nov 67
UFO Observation, October 1957

Reference your recent correspondence on your unidentified observation
of October 1957. We appreciate learning of your unusual experience
and will file your report for information purposes. At this late date
it would be impractical to undertake a detailed investigation. It
is important that a witness report his observation as soon as possible
to the nearest military installation. This enables Air Force analysis
to perform a comprehensive investigation.

JONES C. WARAT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production

Cy to: [redacted]
New Haven, Conn 06511

COORDINATION:

TDPT (UTO)                 DATE

TDPT                       DATE


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

two old

New Haven, Conn.

Dear Sir,

If you would please send me a copy of your conclusion on my Uncle's sighting.

I am just as interested to find out what my uncle or seen as he is. Thank you for attending to this sighting.

Sincerely Yours,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Friday    Oct.    1957
Exact Date unknown

2. Time of day: 11    00
                Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
State North Eygpt Army Beaufort    Conn.
Nearest Postal Address             City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0    2    0
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    Watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright          a. Bright
b. Cloudy          b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):    a. In front of you    d. To your left
                b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, 1st 61, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. A a light
e. Don't remember

Both

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined

Side View
Front View

d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly sped up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

NB
NB
NB
NB
NB
NB
NB
NB

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
A 90° Turn, Traveled appr. 40ft and disappeared behind building.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Building (Atlantic Wire Co.)

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound NO
b. Color Object was smokey grey

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Includes two hand-drawn diagrams with labels "wood match head"]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Includes two hand-drawn diagrams labeled "1st View on" and "2nd View after 90° Turn"]

Solid Disc of Blue glow. Similar to neutral flame of welder's Torch
No Light


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 20 to 30 M/H

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1st view 20 mi. - after 90° turn 300 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No

e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope    Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other ____________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A large section of stove pipe.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
90° Turn

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Nine, only one.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 11 -

PRIORITY
16 OCT 57
REP A 31
P 1523482

FM AIRARON TWO ONE
TO RJUPJB/CO TWO SEVEN AIRDEFDIV
INFO BEEP/CCNO
RBNPB/CINCPACFLT
ZEN/FAWTUPAC
RBWDQ/COMNAVAIRPAC
NAVY GRNC

ET CINCPACFLT INST 3829PT3 X UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT SIGHTED
151915U VIC NAS NORIS BY TOWER OPERATOR X APPEARED AS BRIGHT LIGHT
ALTERNATING SPORATICALLY IN COLOR FROM BLUE WHITE TO ORANGE RED X

VS-21 AIRCRAFT TAKING OFF WAS VECTORED TOWARD OBJECT THEN MOTIONLESS
OVER FT LOMA AT EST 200 FT ALT X UPON APPROACH PILOT REPORTED
RAPID ACCELERATION OF OBJECT WESTWARD WITH HIGH SPEED RELATIVE TO
LIGHTS OF SAN DIEGO X AIRBORNE(RADAR) PICKED UP OBJECT AT 17 MILES
AND HELD CONTINUOUS CONTACT FOR 48 MILES CMM CLOSING TO 6 MILES

MINIMUM X OBJECT MAINTAINED 48 MILES SEPARATION FROM PURSUING
AIRCRAFT (IN SPITE OF RADICAL POWER CHANGES AND(DRIFTED ACROSS
CHASE PLANES (COURSE) AT (SPEEDS EST) BY PILOT TO BE IN EXCESS OF
1000 MPH X OBJECT DISAPPEARED AT POSIT BEARING 250 MAG 96 MILES
FROM PT LOMA X DETAILED NARRATIVE TO FOLLOW BY SPDLTR

BT

DIST 92 COG
SECNAV UNSECNAV 00 09 03 50 33 38G 05 53 06 NATWG
ARMY AF NIC CIA CG CR ASTSECNAV AIR FLAG PLOT CNO/OOD
DLVY NR 69 MOSSEY/JA

PGE 1 OF ONE

Handwritten notes at bottom of page are partially illegible, but appear to include some additional comments and markings.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
N/6

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS 3 [redacted] New Haven, 06512 Conn.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 66   SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
At the time of viewing I was assigned to Traffic Control in front of Navy Primary at Montauk St.
Branford, Conn.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[blank lines for Day, Month, Year]


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 25 Oct 1957

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The object was not a Blmp or conventional aircraft.

There were no running lights or range lights.


- page 14 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

Source: Space Craft Digest, Spring 1958

4 October, 1957
Newport, Oregon

The rest of the text in the middle of the page appears to be partially obscured or illegible.


- page 15 -

No Case (Information Only)                   4 October 1957
                                                       Japan

Angel Hair & Gossamer: Japanese UFOlogists say X-ray diffraction proved residue from
October 4 angel-hair fall was not spider web. CSI now has an apparently similar
specimen of "gossamer" from Portales, N.M., fall of October 24, 1957.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

5 oct 57
Wooster Ch. 0
Page 10

Staff Photos by Sam Marshall and John Beaber

A U.S. Navy radar blimp riding in search for one of three Unlontown (O.) bank robbers skims a wooded area on the Portage-Summit County line.

Wooster Daily Record
5 OCT 57

The image shows a U.S. Navy radar blimp flying low over a wooded landscape, presumably searching for bank robbers in the Portage-Summit County area.


- page 17 -

No Case (Information Only)                                8 October 1957
                                                                    Air near Boston

                                PILOTS SPOT A PSEUDO-SPUTNIK

(Note: A large percentage of the early "sightings" of the Russian satellite
were wholly spurious. For people unaccustomed to looking at the sky, high-
flying jets probably accounted for most of the mistakes) but some reports,
especially those from more experienced observers, were undoubtedly saucer
sightings. The following case appears to be a pretty clear-cut example.)

October 8, 1957. Veteran Pan-American pilot Joseph L. Flynn, arriving in a DC-7C
from Paris, reported that he and his co-pilot saw what they at first believed was
the first Sputnik. The plane passed over Boston at 7 a.m.; about five minutes
later, co-pilot William Box called Capt. Flynn's attention to a "bright silver
object" to the right of the plane. Their altitude was 11,000 feet, speed 310 mph,
heading 235° true (southwest). The object, described as bright and larger than
Venus, appeared to move at the same speed as the plane, and seemed to have
moved on a horizontal path toward the south. It seemed to be about 15° above the
horizon, and maintained approximately the same elevations long as it was in view.
At this same time the sun was rising, behind and to the left of the aircraft.

The object was in view for about five minutes as it moved to a point almost
directly ahead of the plane before disappearing. Although the witnesses were un-
certain about the manner of disappearance of the object, it was presumed to have
been lost from view in a layer of thin cirrus clouds. The long duration rules out
any possibility of a meteor. "Sputnik" was also ruled out when they learned that
the satellite passed over Boston just an hour later, at 8:05 a.m. Since the period
of the satellite is 96 minutes, it was nowhere near New England at 7:05 a.m. Both
pilots have expressed skepticism about flying saucers, but they admit that the ob-
ject they saw appeared to be unidentified.

The observation was mentioned in all N.Y.C. afternoon papers for October 8,
and in all morning papers for October 9. Additional details were obtained from Mr.
Box by GSI member and researcher Herman Mitchell. Although Mr. Box declined to
make any statements to the press, we are obliged to him for permitting us to use
the information he gave us.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1957

"Ball Of Fire"—Or Something—Over Dayton

Area skies were full of mystery last night as Daytonians spotted a strange everything from a "ball of fire" to a bluish-white thing floating down.

Even Kenneth Kissell, chairman of the satellite tracking station here, saw something as Dayton's Moormatch team predicted it would be a good night to throw it.

The volunteer sky scanners have stepped up their practice and are convinced that the baby Russian moon may pass over the Dayton area on the front steps at civil defense headquarters within the next few days.

The Moormatch leader said, "I don't think it's bad anything to do with the satellite, but I can't explain it." He called a spokesman for Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.

Other than to explain that the word "sputnik," popularized throughout America the week before, comes from the Russian "kustovnyi sputnik semi" and means "artificial fellow traveler" around the earth.

At the Vandalia weather station, the possibility that the moon might be a weather balloon was discussed. "Unofficial" sources flooded from Peoria.

A balloon was sent up at the local weather station about 4 p.m. to the east, but persons who saw something last night saw it to the west.

In the meantime, reports like these were received at The News:

5:30 P.m.—"The boys" at the Produce Off station, 542 West Third street, reported seeing something "that looked like a long light about three to be going in a northwest direction. Then it disappeared."

6:10 p.m.—Oscar Mauch, city commission clerk, was driving west on Patterson road when he saw "something the color of a ball of fire in the sky and dropping. It was receding slowly."

6:22 p.m.—Anthony Jerres, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base fireman, was "coming up the hill in the northwest" when he saw an object going west into the sun.

In the meantime, similar reports came around the nation—officially as "meteorites," the "Groundhog sputnik" or the nose of the rocket that fired Russia's "sputnik."

8:30 p.m.—Paul Britton was about 200 yards from Hill Avenue about the size of a large telescope when he saw the "bluish-white thing floating around slowly." It was falling to the ground slowly.

8:57 Woodhill road sighted from a hill above Wright-Patterson "bluish-white thing floating down. In the sky going northwest. Hare falling in an arc..."


- page 19 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   13 October 1957
                                                           Long Island City, New York

                            SPACE "CATERPILLAR" LAYS EGG

October 13, 1957: Shortly after midnight on this clear Sunday morning, Mrs. Sophie
Rashkoff and Mr. Armand du Puy, in Long Island City, noticed a very large white
light in the west-northwest, about 250 above the horizon. It was certainly no
heavenly body, for it was horizontally elongated, in length about the diameter
of the moon, and resembled a "caterpillar" with a dark dot on each "segment."
This "caterpillar" was shrinking and stretching, contracting and expanding, and
dancing about the sky in a small area. Its color constantly fluctuated between
white, blue, green, and yellow, with flashes of red, but blue and green were the
predominant colors. For a period of five minutes there was an appearance of
yellow rays emanating from the left-hand end of the object. At one time, the object was seen to "shake itself," and then a red ball of considerable size—"about
the size of a red stop light"—dropped out of its bottom, trailing "reddish-gray
matter." This red object was not seen again, and disappeared. Altogether the
"caterpillar" was watched for half an hour, and was still performing in the same
spot when the witnesses stopped watching it. (Sources: personal conversation with
Mrs. Rashkoff, the mother of CSI member Benjamin Rashkoff.)

Comment: The blue-white star Vegas, second only to Sirius in brilliance, was
in the position indicated, and both the damning motions and the primitive colors
are reminiscent of a twinkling star. But it seems inconceivable that the rest of
the description could possibly be applied to a star by anyone; so this extraordinary observation is evidently an authentic one.


- page 20 -

15 - 25 OCTOBER 1957 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                           OBSERVER           EVALUATION

15      Ft Lauderdale, Florida              Military           Astro (METEOR)
15      San Antonio, Texas                                     Insufficient Data
15      La Jolla, California                Military           Aircraft
16      Alamogordo, New Mexico              APRO (PHOTO)       Other (Lenticular Cloud)
17      Green Bay, Wisconsin                                   Balloon
17      Greenville, Mississippi                                Pelican
18      Lackland AFS, Texas                 Military           Aircraft
18      Avon Park, Florida                  Military           Satellite (SPUTNIK ROCKET)
18      Osceola, Iowa                                          Astro (METEOR)
18      Benson, Arizona                     (PHOTO)            Aircraft
19      Ardmore, Pennsylvania                                  Other (ARTIFICIAL METEOR)
19      Middenhal, England                  (Vis & RADAR)      Astro (METEOR)

19      Brooklyn, New York                                     1. Vis: Astro (VENUS)
19      Long Island, New York                                  2. Rad: Aircraft
20      Washington, D.C.                                       Insufficient Data
20      Dayton, Ohio                                           Balloon
21      N. Luffingham, England              Mil (Air & Radar)  Astro (METEOR)
21      Neptune, New Jersey                                    Insufficient Data
21      Kennessaw, Georgia                                     Aircraft
22      Wiesbaden, Germany                  Military (RADAR)   Other (SEARCHLIGHT)
22      Atlantic (W of Portugal)                               Aircraft
22      Ravland, Kansas                     Venezuelan Aircraft Other (ANOMALOUS PROP)
23      Tehran, Iran                                           Astro (METEOR)
23      Panasequan, New Jersey                                 Insufficient Data
23      Polk County, Florida                Multi (CONGRESSIONAL TAPE)   Aircraft
23      St. Louis, Missouri                                    Balloon
23      Ovalle, Texas                                          Balloon
23      Atlanta, Georgia                    Military           Aircraft
23      Fall City, Texas                                       Aircraft
23      Corpus Christi, Texas               (CASE MISSING) Military   Astro (METEOR)
24      Hollywood, California               Military           Balloon
24      Red Oak, Georgia (CASE MISSING)     Civilian           Insufficient Data
24      Phillips, Wisconsin                                    Insufficient Data
24      Wausau, Alaska                      Military           Balloon
25      Bismarck, North Dakota                                 Balloon
25      Milwaukee, Wisconsin                Military           Astro (METEOR)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                            SOURCE             EVALUATION

Oct     Universe                            Science News Ltr
Oct     South Lee, Massachusetts            Newsclipping
Late Oct Fiji Island                        Newsclipping
15      Fernandville, New Jersey             Newsclipping
19      Minneapolis, Minnesota               Newsclipping
19      Fairfax, Virginia                   Newsclipping
22      Dayton, Ohio                         Newsclipping
24      Portales, New Mexico                 Newsclipping

IN SEPARATE FOLDERS


- page 21 -

AF FORM 112-PART 1
COUNTRY
U.S.

REPORT NO.
01-03-57

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT
Unidentified Flying Object

AREA OR LOCATION
San Diego, California

FROM (Agency)
27th Air Div (Def) Norton AFB, Calif

DATE OF OBSERVATION
23 October 1957

DATE OF INFORMATION
16 October 1957

PREPARED BY (Orgn)
Loren W. Brumer, Maj, USAF

SOURCE
Lt Allen L. Ries, USN, AIRASRON 21

SUMMARY:

Inclosed UFOB report is forwarded. Inclosure 1 was received at this headquarters on 15 October 1957 with insufficient information to warrant an electrical report.

[Signature]
LOREN W. BRUMER
MAJ, USAF
Dir of Intelligence

INCLS
1. Cy of TWX from Air Anti-Submarine Squadron 21
2. Cy of Speedletter

DISTRIBUTION
2 Cys ADC


- page 22 -

Department of the Air Force
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Washington

The Inspector General USAF
36th DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
Cheli Air Force Station, Hayward, California

18th 24-0-461                                                      28 October 1957

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO:   Commander
       Air Defense Command
       Ent Air Force Base
       Colorado Springs, Colorado

1.   The attached copy of letter concerning an unidentified flying object, dated 17 October 1957, received from the Eleventh Naval District Intelligence Office is forwarded for your information and any action deemed appropriate.

2.   This office contemplates no investigation in this matter unless specifically advised, since the Naval Intelligence Office advises that a full report of the S2F pilot's experience is being submitted.

1 Incl. a/s

cc: Dir OSI
    Comdr March AFB

ADOLF-B                     1st Ind                     21 NOV 1957

Headquarters Air Defense Command, Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

TO:   Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: AFCIN-4G4,
       Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1 Incl
n/c

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
(AFR 190-16)


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

TOP SAVINGS BONDS

DISTRICT INTELLIGENCE OFFICE
ELEVENTH NAVAL DISTRICT
1005 200 BROADWAY PIER
SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA

IN REPLY REFER TO:
NDI1-3227-CM/tp
Ser 111A/32
17 October 1957

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

From: District Intelligence Officer, Eleventh Naval District
To: Detachment Commander, 18th District OSI (g) USAF
733 Eighth Avenue, San Diego 1, California

Subj: Unidentified Flying Object; Report of

Ref: (a) OPNAV INST 3820.6 of 10 May 55

1. The following information was obtained from Vyr1 E. EWING, AC/3, 
370 CO 21, USN; Position Leader of Air Control Section #3, Naval Air 
Station, North Island. It is forwarded to your office in accordance 
with investigation set forth in reference (a) for information and any 
further action you may deem appropriate.

2. On the evening of 14 October 1957 EWING was on duty in the Air Control 
Tower at North Island. At approximately 1900 he noticed a bright, round, white light, about the size of a dime, bearing 607 from the tower and approximately 300 feet above the 
point from which he was stationed. The object remained stationary in this position 
for approximately two minutes and then faded away ("got smaller and smaller"). The object appeared to be a bright light, somewhat reddish, and 
slightly to the north and a bit lower than before. Its appearance was 
the same except when it was a little brighter. It remained stationary 
at this new position for approximately two minutes and then once again 
faded away. The object seemed to be under some sort of control, slowly 
its position again slightly to the north and down. The object's appearance was somewhat different, than before; the bright light seemed to vary 
in intensity. Although he maintained his position, the object seemed to 
wobble slightly. A helo orbited the upper half of the object. White 
or the object. He thought this bluish color to resemble exhaust from a 
jet.

3. EWING was not certain how long the object remained during its third 
appearance. He estimated one to two minutes. Neither could he tell how 
it disappeared because he was busy vectoring an aircraft (S7) toward 
the object. In later conversation with the pilot of the aircraft, 
EWING learned that the S27 had gained radar contact with an object and 
had tracked its "for some time". In question is a part of Vyr1 
stationed on North Island. This office, in telephonic conversation 
with the Air Intelligence officer of VB-23, learned that a full report 
of the S27's experience is being made in accordance with existing 
CINCPACFLT instructions.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 24 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

NDL-3227-AW/tpf
Ser: 1014/33
17 October 1957

EMTNG gave the following names of naval personnel who were in the tower at the time and observed the object: Douglas CONLIN, N1/A, and Margaret DAVIS, A/C, both assigned to Air Control Section #3.

5. The visibility during the sighting was good. Binoculars were used to observe the object.

By direction

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 25 -

AIR ANTI-SUBMARINE SQUADRON TWENTY-ONE
C O FLEET POST OFFICE
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA

IN REPLY REFER TO:
FILE WEST
ALR:hy
A9-8
Ser 1131
6 OCT 1957

SPEEDLETTER

From: Commanding Officer, Air Anti-Submarine Squadron TWENTY-ONE
To: Commander, 27 Air Defense Division, Norton Air Force Base, San Bernardino, California

Subj: Supplemental report of unidentified flying object; forwarding of pilot's statement concerning

Ref: (a) CINCPACFLTINST 3820.3
     (b) VS-21 msg 1523482 of OCT 1957 as mod by VS-21 msg 161621Z of OCT 1957

1. In accordance with reference (a), the basic report of the sighting of an unidentified flying object is submitted as reference (b).

2. To supplement reference (b), the following statement, by the pilot that sighted an unidentified flying object on 14 October 1957 in the vicinity of U. S. Naval Air Station, North Island, San Diego, California, is attached:

"At about 1600 TST, 14 October 1957, I was waiting my 347-10, Bureau Number 136623, at U. S. Naval Air Station, North Island, San Diego, California, in preparation for a scheduled anti-submarine flight. My crew included CONLEY, William G., site 43-10, AMM, USN, Naval Operator; and COOLEY, William "P", 347 10 5A, AT, USN, ECM operator.

"During the engine turn-up we heard the tower operator make three calls to an unidentified aircraft in the vicinity of U. S. Naval Air Station, North Island, requesting his identity or intentions. We heard no replies.

"After completing our checks we taxied up to runway 29 and called for take-off clearance. The tower operator came back with clearance and requested we maintain 2000 feet at take-off and proceed to Point Loma to identify a stationary aircraft in the area at the estimated altitude, bearing 210 mag, from the tower. The co-pilot and I observed this light from our position on the runway.

"After take-off I turned outbound over the channel and climbed to 2000 feet. The light, in view, was to proceed toward the light so as to silhouette it against the background."

Incl 2


- page 26 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FE12/VS21
ALRINY
A9-8
Ser 1131

6 OCT 1957

abrupt of it off our right wingtip we observed it changing
rapid acceleration away from us, and to the west. I noted relative
motion between sand Diego and Point Loma. As our aircraft
opened the light began to alternately vary in color and intensity.
The extreme wordsbrightred and blue while no regular
period of change from one to the other.

"I turned west and assumed a heading of 230 mag with the light
then dead ahead. In about four or five minutes (warm-up time) our
radar operator reported a target dead ahead at Seventeen Mile and
3000 yds. The target was a fine head with clear and low horizon
and clear but small and dim compared with the light we were bright
following. During the chase there was always evident a relative
motion between this object and the background of stars.

"From Point Loma on out the object climbed steadily and I
followed in a gradual ascent. At 740 knots IAS closing irregularly.
At 4500 feet the object leveled off 12 miles ahead, and then
drifted right 10 degrees in about five seconds. I turned right
to 240 mag. Leveled off and increased speed to 160 knots. The
range closed to 10 miles and stabilized. After following for
about three minutes at 10 miles I decreased speed to 120 knots
but observed no range or rate on radar. I then advanced speed to
180 knots IAS and still observed no range.

"The object in the meantime drifted 20 degrees to the left
(220 mag.) in no more than 10 seconds, and then closed range to
9 miles in one rotation of the radar antenna (7.5 seconds) the
range stabilized again at 8 miles and we began another gradual
climb. At 8000 feet and about 40 miles from Point Loma the object
leveled off and shortly after disappeared visually and on radar.
After some seconds I ever it reappeared visually but not on radar.
Although the operator switched to various scan and search con-
tinuously.

"Visual contact was maintained to a distance of 50 miles from
Point Loma at which time the object (sign bearing (320
mag) 50 miles from Point Loma. I had tried unsuccessfully on the
way out to contact the tower and at 50 miles with contact lost
decided to break off and return to base so as to not penetrate the
ADIZ.

"After landing I spoke by phone with the tower operator. His
comments are better made in a separate statement, but he agreed
the object he saw and sent me after was something other than a
conventional aircraft."

2


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

PP12/V821
LIBRARY
49-8
ser 1131
16 OCT 1957

3. The foregoing observations are those of LT Allen L. RIVES,
USN, pilot of the aircraft. All concur with his statements,
observed the unidentified object and substantiate his statements.

Copy to:
CNO
CINCPACFLT
COMNAVAIRPAC
PAWTUXPAG

LEO KRAMER


- page 28 -

