PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
1 February 1957

2. LOCATION
Over Utah

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
0145-0200

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☒Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☒ Yes   ☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-4 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
West

10. SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object reported in 1962 that observer witnessed in 1957 while on flight from San Francisco to St Louis. Obj below A/C and heading in the opposite direction. Just red light. Speed of passing a/c, No windows or other lights Estimated 1,000 ft below. Bigger than the tailpipe of a jet.

11. COMMENTS
Object could have been passing jet. Case is old and evaluated as insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☒ Unknown


- page 1 -

Project Blue Book Information Officer
SAFOI-3 Hq USAF
Room 4G-916
The Pentagon
Wash 25, D.C.

Dear Sir:

This is a belated UFO report. I was always curious whether anyone corroborated on this sighting. I would be interested if your files confirmed this - if not, I just felt I should pass it on anyway for what its worth; even at this late date.

Date: 4 February 1957
Departedisan Francisco at 2400 hrs, 3 Feb57 on TWA Constellation
Destination St. Louis via Kansas City

(I sat in the next to the last seat on the right side of the air craft)

Approx. 0145 or 0200, (4 Feb 57) I was gazing out the window watching skyline, just faintly making out the silhouette of the mountain tops. It was pretty dark with no moonlight. I noticed anyway. There were scattered clouds as I noted some stars. As I was somewhat tired, but not sleepy, I kept my head leaning against the window sort of day dreaming.

Suddenly, from underneath the right wing, this round, dull red object comes into view. I just watched it pass by below and past the Connie tail. It was heading straight west in level flight, just like it was heading for Frisco. Its speed compared to a passing Convair, I had a good 3 or 4 second look at it. All I can say is that it was round and dull red, just red enough to make out that it was round. I didn't see any thing that looked like windows or openings. I do recollect from my notes at time, that there was a indication of something like static around the edge, not real obvious, however.

I've never lost any sleep over this, but I've always been wondering what it was. I started to write to TWA once after that flight, but never did. I think if the copilot had seen what I saw, I believe he would have made a 360 turn for another look. If your office has an opinion on this sighting, I would like to hear it. I can't give a guess as to size of object, but I had to be pretty large from such a view at altitude we were flying. It was a lot like looking up the tailpipe of a jet, but this was a lot bigger. I've thought also that it could have been something lit up on the ground, such as some kind of beacon. Comparing it again, it would have to have been around 1000' ft. below to give the same speed relation. The only thing that bothered me on this was that I saw it below the above the horizon. If it was above the horizon I think I would have forgotten about it. Anyway, I wanted to pass the info on as a matter of record. Acknowledgment of this letter is not solicited.

Belleville, Illinois
18 November 1962


- page 2 -

