PROJECT 1007 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
1 December 1957

2. LOCATION
Montebello, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local        8:00 PM
GMT          01/230OZ

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual     ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☒ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not given

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2-4

9. COURSE
East

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Source's children called his attention to six "UFO"s moving slowly westward. Took motion pictures of two objects. Although he claimed six objects in the sky, strip of film only shows 2 paired objects moving back and forth slowly, in unison. In his report, source launches a bitter tirade against the Air Force re its approach to UFO's.

11. COMMENTS
Case was handled badly. Public Relations Office (OIS) of Hollywood decided to conduct interrogations instead of qualified AF intelligence personnel being brought in. Since the man is apparently seeking publicity and "his antagonistic attitude" toward the AF, the alleged statement by the Chief of the USAF L.A. Office of Info Sugs that: "the films were the best UFO's ever seen..." (?) compounded the problem. Study & analysis indicate design used for wind design.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☒ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
   Insufficient Data for Evaluation
   Unknown


- page 1 -

4 February 1960

REPORT OF INTERVIEW WITH [redacted]

On 21 January 1960 Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] called at my home to pick up the Gun Film which they had loaned this office. We had finished duplication of the film at a local color film lab and the original Gun film was returned to the [redacted]

I examined his camera, a Gun Keystone Capri 125 13" F3.5 telephoto lens Gallon Photo 65 series 21.5mm.

The film used was Kodachrome Eastman Type A color outdoor with a type-A filter. The distance setting was on infinity and shot at 10 frames per second.

I asked Mr. [redacted] the following questions:

Q. What is your estimate of the altitude of the objects which you photographed?

A. About the same height as the light airplanes which I frequently fly over the house, between 3000 and 4000 feet.

Q. Were they at any time as high as jet aircraft which make vapor trails?

A. No, definitely not.

Q. Did you see any smoke trail or any kind of trail from the objects?

A. No, there was no visible trail of any sort.


- page 2 -

This case contains 1 roll of film and 1 8"x10" photo.


- page 3 -

Q. What was the direction of flight?
A. The first pass sighted by the children came from the west and went in an easterly direction.

Q. Were they in any sort of formation?
A. Yes, a very close to tight formation in a 3/4 circular formation.

Q. At what speed, compared to a light plane passing over?
A. About the same speed, maybe a little slower.

Q. What direction was the second pass?
A. They came first heading West in an elongated formation, split into pairs, with the point of the V formation to the right side of the formation.

Q. What was the speed of this pass?
A. About the same as the first pass, slightly slower than a light airplane.

Q. What about the third pass?
A. This pass was not precise, but the boys said they went over in a circular-like formation, opposite the viewers position at a very fast speed, at about the same altitude.

Q. What were the size of the objects?
A. That's hard to say.

The page is numbered "2" at the bottom.


- page 4 -

Q. Would you say they were as big in diameter as a circle indicating the wing tips and tail to nose section of a light airplane?

A. Yes, about that size.

Q. Were they all the same size?

A. Yes.

Q. What shape?

A. They were circular, and relatively flat.

Q. What color?

A. Sort of white-blue-green shining objects.

Q. What do you think they were?

A. I don't know, but they were certainly not balloons or airplanes like any I had seen before.

(This concluded the main portion of the interview.

Mr. [redacted] is in the process of moving to a new business in northern California. Any future contact can be addressed to him at [redacted], Redding, California.)

RICHARD G. SCHAEFER
Captain, USAF
Technical Branch


- page 5 -

Q. What was the direction of flight?
A. The first pass sighted by the children came from the West and went in an easterly direction.

Q. Were they in any work of formation?
A. Yes, a very close to tight formation in a 3/4 circular formation.

Q. At what speed, compared to a light plane passing over?
A. About the same speed, maybe a little slower.

Q. What direction was the second pass?
A. They came from the East heading West in an enlarged formation, still into pairs, with the point of the V formation to the right side of the formation.

Q. What was the speed of this pass?
A. About the same as the first pass, slightly slower than a light airplane.

Q. What about the third pass?
A. This pass was not photographed, but the boy said they went over in a straight-line formation, opposite the viewers position at a very fast speed, at about the same altitude.

Q. What were the size of the objects?
A. There's hard to say.

The page is numbered "2" at the bottom.


- page 6 -

4 February 1958

RECORD OF INTERVIEW WITH [redacted]

On 31 January 1958 Mr. and Mrs. [redacted]
called at my home to pick up the Gun film which they
had loaned this office. No had finished duplication
of the film at a local color film lab and the original
Gun film was returned to Mr. [redacted]

I examined his camera, a Gun Keystone Carst K53
14" f3.5 telephoto lens Tilton Photo 08 series 21.6mm.
The film used was Kodachrome Indoor Type A club
outdoors with a typical Tilton. The distance setting
was on infinity and shot at 16 frames per second.

I asked Mr. [redacted] the following questions:

Q. What is your estimate of the altitude of
the objects which you photographed?

A. About the same height as the light airplanes
which I frequently fly over the house, between 3000
and 4000 feet.

Q. Were they at any time as high as jet air-
craft which make vapor trails?

A. No, definitely not.

Q. Did you see any smoke trail or any kind of
trail from the objects?

A. No, there was no visible trail of any sort.


- page 7 -

Q. Would you say they were as big in circumference as a clothesline indicating the wing tips and tail to have excited at a light airplane?

A. Yes, about that size.

Q. Were they all the same size?

A. Yes.

Q. What shape?

A. They were circular, and relatively flat.

Q. What color?

A. Sort of white-grayish-green glowing objects.

Q. What do you think they were?

A. I don't know, but they were certainly not balloons or airplanes like any I had seen before.

(This concluded the main portion of the interview.)

[Remainder of text partially obscured/blacked out, but appears to reference moving to a new business in northern California and contact information at a hotel.]

At the bottom of the page is a signature block with "RICHARD G. MILLER" and "Aerial Branch" partially visible.


- page 8 -

