PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
9 - 13 August 1957

2. LOCATION
Bakersfield, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Requesting information regarding sighting objects that were believed to be meteors.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical 90°
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Persaids meteor shower during the period of 9 - 13 August.

No report in file.


- page 1 -

AFOIN-462

Mr. [redacted]
Route 1, Box [redacted]
Bakersfield, California

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Your letter of 12 September, addressed to the Department of the Army concerning a report of an incident near Shafter, has been referred to the Air Force for review and comment.

A careful study of your report indicates that you observed a seldom seen form of a meteorite, generally referred to as "bolides" or "fireballs". Between the 9th and 13th of August the earth intercepted a meteoric swarm called the Perseids. Past experience with meteoric swarms of this nature shows that a larger number of meteorites, "shooting stars", and fireballs are observed during this period.

Your description of the object is so similar to a description of these bodies given by a well known astronomer that a portion is given here:

"... majority of people never see one in their lifetime. Fireballs are extraordinary meteors in that they appear like a magnesium flare hurtling through the lower atmosphere. They are predominantly greenish in color, but often have blue, yellow or orange tints. Unlike meteors which became visible and burn out at high altitudes, fireballs do not burn out in the air but generally persist until they crash to earth, sometimes breaking into smaller sections and an array of sparks before doing so..."

Your reporting of this incident to the authorities and the interest shown in the matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,


- page 2 -

FILE CLASS.
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

SUBJECT: (U) Copies to Replies to [redacted] and
Secretary of the Air Force
Headquarters, USAF
ATTN: Major Tacker
Washington 25, D. C.

1. Attached are copies of reply correspondence to subject
persons who contacted the Department of the Army and the FBI re-
garding UFO incidents.

2. Copy of your forwarding letter also attached.

FOR THE COMMANDER

Incls:
1. Cy Ltr to [redacted]
2. Cy Ltr to [redacted]
3. Cy Ltr to SAFIE

[Handwritten notes at bottom: "File: PIO-SAFES", "File"]

The document appears to be a routing and coordination sheet dated July 22nd, 1957, with various routing codes on the left side and standard administrative markings.


- page 3 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

8 October 1957

Dear Captain Elwood:

Inclosed, please find letter from Mr. [redacted] regarding unexplained aerial phenomena in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania area, on 9 and 10 September 1957.

Mr. [redacted] has been advised of this referral.

Also inclosed is a letter from Mr. [redacted] Bakersfield, California reporting a sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object.

These letters are forwarded to your Headquarters for possible investigation and/or evaluation.

Sincerely,

2 Inclosures
1. Ltr fr Mr [redacted]
2. 1tr fr Mr [redacted]

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Captain Wallace W. Elwood, USAF
Assistant Adjutant
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio


- page 4 -

