This image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document. The image contains a record card with various details about a UFO sighting, including the location, date, time, and description of the observed object. However, there is no photograph included on this particular page.

Project 10073 Record Card
1. DATE: 2 May 1957
2. LOCATION: Edwards AFB, California
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0500 L
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. COURSE: Civil
6. MANNER OF OBSERVATION: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 25 minutes
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: One aluminum or metallic disk shaped object, the size of a basketball, had translucent glow. Object traveled at an easterly direction for 25 minutes.
9. COMMENTS: Confirmed balloon - see case file. 
11. COMMENTS: No explanation. Unknown.

- page 1 -

The image contains a Project 10073 Record Card with information about a UFO sighting. The card does not contain any photographs, only text-based information.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 5-8-57
2. LOCATION: Edwards AFB, California
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 03.24-1930L
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: a. Ground-Visual
5. DURATION: 25 minutes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 25 minutes
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: One aluminum or metallic disk shaped object could be seen. It appeared to be stationary but oscillated slightly.
9. COURSE: Unknown
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF INITIAL CONCLUSIONS: Confirmed balloon. Sighting was similar to Balloon. 
11. COMMENTS: Sighting was confirmed to be a Balloon.

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, which shows a map or diagram with various lines, coordinates, and text labels.

Output the text found in the document:

IMPACT
IMPACT 2.0 52
11032
23502
234,000
235,000
239,000
270,000
290,000
335,000

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. The text reads:

"22 only 8 x 10 
glossy photographs 
of ufo sighted at 
edwards afb, calif."

"UNCLASSIFIED"

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the file "1957-05-6790366-EdwardsAFB-California.pdf5.txt".

The text found in the document is as follows:

EIMAGE USCAPTION
ROSEMAGE mose OF

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a hand-drawn map or diagram. It does not contain any photographs. 

TEXT OUTPUT:

DOMINIE FLIGHT BOUNDARIE
FEB 3 1957 
ROUTE TO IONE, CALIF.
SCALE: 1 INCH = 15 MILES
EDWARDS A.F.B., CALIFORNIA 
FLIGHT ROUTE FLOWN BY CAPT. RAINES AND MAJ. SMITH 
ON NIGHT OF FEB 3, 1957

- page 6 -

The image contains a hand-drawn map or diagram, but there is no photograph present. I will now proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output all the text found in the document:

INVERSION

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram, but does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

10,000 13,000
ROGERS
DRY
LAKE
20,000'
35,068'
55,000'

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a hand-drawn map or diagram. The map appears to be a weather station chart or map, with various lines, coordinates, and labels such as "Edwards AFB Weather Station". There is no human face or identification visible in the image.

Edwards AFB Weather Station

- page 9 -

The image appears to contain a page from a Project Blue Book report. There is no visible photograph in this image, only text describing a reported UFO sighting over the "United States secret testing grounds" at Edwards Air Force Base in California.

The text describes how the object was observed by a camera crew, who took a series of photographs as the object moved away. The object is described as changing shape from round to elliptical, with a "wind pat" correlated with its movements. The report states that a balloon was released in the vicinity, but precise theodolite measurements could not be made to confirm the object's size, elevation and bearings.

The case is considered to have been "improperly handled" and the Edwards AFB PIO officer made statements that it was "unknown", noting that further local inquiries could have helped solve the case.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project blue book report, specifically a requisition and invoice/shipping document.

TEXT OUTPUT:

REQUISITION AND INVOICE/SHIPPING DOCUMENT
1. FROM  HO AAVS OGDEN/BRMA 250
NORTON AFB, CA 92409
2. TO   Secretary of the Air Force/OIPL
Washington, DC 20330
3. SHIP TO - MARK FOR   M/F Capt Kunineez
4. ACCOUNTIN AND FUNDING DATA
Project 6/3-400   TERMINATION
FEDERAL STOCK NUMBER, DESCRIPTION, AND CODING OF MATERIAL AND/OR SERVICES
QUANTITY SUPPLY 
SECTION
COST
UNIT PRICE
TOTAL COST
Seven (7) rolls of UFO film as follows:
K243-0616-1 1 Aug 65 Topeka, KS no 1-7-3/4-5-330, 2 Aug 57 Edwards AFB K7-3/4-0-3/15, 3 Aug 65 Topeka, KS no 2-7-3/4-6-0, 4 Aug 65 Australian Life Photos T-37N-S-4-1 Mar 66 Australian Life Photos T-37N-S-4/2 and 2 Aug 65 Dhila, OK T-37N-S-4/3
COPY of records sent to Simpson Historical Research Center
Maxwell AFB Ala.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text. The text states:

EDWARDS AFB, CA
2 MAY 57
CASE CONTAINS 35 MM
FILM IN FOLLOWING FOLDER

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

SUBJECT: Detailed Analysis of Edwards Air Force Base UFO Sighting - 2 May 57
TO: Director of Intelligence, USAF
Headquarters, USAF
ATTN: AFOIN-X 
(Mr. Sanderson)

1. Generally, this analysis is based on the careful review and study of all case data and information submitted on this case. The analysis is in three parts:

a. Study of the observer's UFO questionnaire, the official UFO report form, and all information pertinent to the sighting itself, including geographical factors, and the elements of time, elevations, bearings, and other associated conditions pertinent to the sighting.

b. Analysis of the declite photographs submitted, with correlation to the known facts.

c. Evaluation of the sources (observers).

2. Analysis of UFO Report and Questionnaire Data:

a. UFO report, photographs, and questionnaire as accomplished by the observers were not received by this Center until 23 May 1957, (see inclosures #1, #2, and #3) and considerably after the incident had reached both the press and the public.

b. Reference page 3, item (11)(a) of UFO report. The attempted analysis of this sighting by officers examining the report to the effect that it could not have been a balloon is NOT valid. In fact, the data supplied throughout the report (see geographical location of balloon sites, observers' positions, metro data, precise computations as to angles or elevation, bearings and altitudes, among others) would indicate that this is highly improbable that this was not a balloon sight. Observers' positions, metro data, precise computations as to angles or elevation, bearings and altitudes, among others) indicate this.

c. A comparative analysis of the data from the UFO questionnaire and the data derived from scientific instruments and actual official time-tracks of the balloons launched would indicate the following:

(1) Testimony given by both observers is that the time of their sighting was between 0755 and 0830 (see attached copy of UFO Questionnaire, Form 164).
(2) A radiosonde balloon was released by the Edwards AFB weather station, west of the observers, at 0749 hours and accurately tracked until 0330 hours (UFO Report, 11 May 1957).
(3) Observers both estimate the bearing of the object to be 75 degrees when it first appeared, presumably at 0755.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing the official time-tracking of a balloon (UFO Report, 15 May 57).

Transcription of the text in the document:

(1.) OFFICIAL time-tracking of the balloon (UFO Report, 15 May 57)
was as follows:
(a) 0750: True Bearing - 70 degrees
(b) 0800: True Bearing - 80 degrees 
(c) 0810: True Bearing - 60 degrees
(3.) Therefore, interpolating for the first two time-tracks, the bearing is exactly 75 degrees. Using an average of all three, the result is 70 degrees.
(6) Observation tends to show that when first observed, the estimated angle of elevation of the object was 11 degrees, and 10 degrees when disappearance.
(7) A trigonometrical treatment of the data in the official UFO Report (Appendix A(I)) indicates that the angle of elevation during the period given by the observer was approximately 30 degrees.
d. It has been repeatedly proven that without accurate instruments and devices, a person cannot reliably estimate within 10 to 20 degrees of the actual elevations, particularly in areas where such distractions overshadow the horizon.
e. Therefore, allowing for the known inability of the average person to correctly estimate angles and times, the bearings and elevations of the balloon released, almost perfectly coincide with the figures given by the observers.
f. Further factual data to support hypothesis that object was balloon:
(1) Reference balloon launching site and observers' location given in UFO report. - These two points are approximately 20,000 yards apart. It is significant to note that the observers were almost due east and slightly south of the balloon launching site.
(2) Reference winds aloft in UFO report. The prevailing winds at that time were blowing due east.
(3) Reference paragraph 1(c): the location of first sighting, if the time-track of the balloon released, due east, is plotted from the weather station to and east of observers' location at the time given in the UFO report (which states the observers first saw the object would have passed them), the object would have been exactly due north of their location (see sketch, enclosure #1).

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text output from the document:

Reference paragraph la(1)(a) of UFO Report. Object traveled in easterly direction at all times. It appeared to be round, 50 to 60 feet in diameter, lighted, and gave off a brilliant light. Characteristics of balloons, and supported by hundreds of lUF observers found to be balloons.

2. At 1030 hours, 24 May 1957, M/Sgt O. D. HILL, MOORE, Aerial Phenomena Group, contacted detachment #21, 4th Weather Group, Edwards AFB, regarding further details on the balloon aspects of the case. In conversations with Hill, the following data was obtained:

(1) The balloon released at 0710 on that date measures approximately 6 to 7 feet at launching, and can expand to 70 to 80 feet.
(2) Major Winenger stated that the alleged UFO was obviously this balloon.
(3) Further, Major Winenger stated that this information was given to the Information Service Office, Edwards AFB, (7/76/58 Hill's report attached as inclosure #5.)

3. Analysis of Theodolite Photographs of UFO: Based on a study and analysis of the theodolite photographs submitted to this Center, the following are considered comments pertinent to the incident:

a. In the UFO question, both observers report that the object was about 150 to 175 feet in diameter. Yet the object on the photographs, after being photographed and the photographs enlarged (7 diameters), was noticeably larger than the width of the cross hairs.
b. It is difficult to understand why it was decided to photograph an object that was in sight for almost 30 minutes, after it was a mere speck.
c. Both observers state object 5,000 feet away when first seen, and approximately 60 miles away when last seen. This analysis based on the image details in the photographs suggests an object at a maximum of 10 to 12 miles, the object would need be a minimum of 52 feet in diameter to be a minimum of 52 feet in diameter to be the observed size at 60 miles distance, assuming ideal atmospheric conditions and the ability of the lens to resolve the image.
d. Using a more realistic distance, of 10 to 12 miles, the object would need be a minimum of 5 to 7 feet in diameter. This correlates with the dimensions of the balloon usually released. (Analysis of the theodolite photography is attached; see inclosure #6.)

e. It should be noted that practically half of the image sizes are at or within 0.013 of their longest dimension indicating a number of points along the track of the object.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text provided appears to be excerpts from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

the .013 line, from 60 down to 6 miles, indicates that the minimum object size discernible ranges from approximately 30 feet to 6 feet. This correlates well with the data given in (2) above by the 5th Weather Group at Edwards.
f. A study of 25 consecutive enlargements reveal that the tiny white object alternately changes from elliptical (described as a disc by observers) to round in shape. No close-up photos have been taken, and all measurements are derived from estimates of the object's size and its distance from observers. One estimate states that the object remained over a bright daylight area for approximately ten minutes. It should be noted that the sun was due east at this time and not low for above the horizon. The effect of moonlight reflection on light-colored rounded surfaces is well known. Weird and unusual appearances can be created.
4. Comments Regarding Sources: Consistent with the principles of commenting on any UFO analysis, the following points are considered pertinent:
a. Inconsistances
(1) In their personal report as given in the UFO questionnaire, both observers state the object was at a bearing (azimuth) of 75 degrees when it disappeared.
(2) The UFO report from Edwards AFB quotes the observers as saying that the object disappeared at the same bearing (75 degrees azimuth) and that when it disappeared, it was the size of a dime. All investigators have verified this factor.
(3) In both the official UFO report and their questionnaire, they state that the size of a basketball held at arms length. A simple demonstration will quickly indicate that a basketball held in front of one's eyes at this distance will cover almost half of the visible sky, and would be an indication that the object observed at 5,000 feet distance. The object, in actuality, would be almost a 1/2 mile wide.
b. Belief in "Flying Saucers"
(1) One observer has given strong indications that he is a believer in the so-called "flying saucers."
(2) Stated that he observed a "disc-like" the size of a football shield hanging over a house for twenty minutes.

- page 16 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

GEORGE T. GREGORY
Captain, USAF

COORDINATION:

AFOIN-JD__ MAJ WILLIAM F. WILLNER DATE 27 AUGUST 1957
Dr Henry A. Miley

AFOIN-NB____COL H. K. GILBERT DATE__________

AFOIN-XL____ Mr. F. A. ARCIER DATE__________

- page 17 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Air Force Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

I am a member of the NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA, and my interest in flying saucers is very great.

About the sighting of a UFO photographed at Edwards Air Force Base? I was told that no such photographs were taken. I would like for you to verify this information, and that the films were immediately impounded by special agent equipment and that the films were forwarded to Air Technical Intelligence Center in Dayton, Ohio.

Well, if the film of the UFO should be exceptional, I would like to know what ATIC thinks about the films. If they do show what ATIC thinks about the films, if they do show what ATIC thinks are genuine UFOs, then it would be most important for the public to be told.

Also I have learned that well-known magazine writers were assigned by a national magazine to investigate the truth about flying saucers from the standpoint of the Air Force. But the article apparently never appeared. I would be interested in the results of this investigation, if any.

If I just can not understand why ATIC turned down the offer to print "the truth about flying saucers" or why ATIC could not have a book and demand "tome "to be well known of an official government report on UFO information is making to be more fantastic than the UFOTs "Mr. May" a report will make the Americans public even more confusing.

Most sincerely,

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO

- page 18 -

The image appears to contain a photograph that shows a sketch or drawing of an object. The sketch depicts an unidentified flying object or UFO, described as an "aluminum or metallic disk" that traveled in an easterly direction for 25 minutes.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 9 MAY 1957
2. LOCATION: EDWARDS AFB, CALIFORNIA
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0241Z/9
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
   a. Ground-Radar
   b. Visual
5. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
6. DURATION: 25 MINUTES
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 25 MINUTES
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: EASTERLY
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
    One aluminum or metallic disk shaped object the s120 of a basketball, traveled in an easterly direction for 25 minutes.
11. COMMENTS:
    Confirmed balloon.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

The text in the document is as follows:

20 AUG 1957

Mr. [redacted]
[redacted] Street
Denver 3, Colorado

Dear Mr. [redacted],

The UFO photographed at Edwards Air Force Base in May was a balloon which was launched as a nearby launching site. 

The Air Force does not have sufficient personnel to furnish detailed information regarding each case files to the many persons who wish to write for profit on the subject of UFO's. Any attempt to publish such details would certainly curtail the essential functions of the Air Force and would be an unwarranted expenditure of public funds. You may recall however, that some time ago the Air Force in the interest of public information, cooperated with the national magazines, Life and Saturday Evening Post, in the preparation of articles on the subject of UFO's.

Sincerely, 

WALLACE W. ELWOOD
Captain, USAF
Assistant Adjutant

COORDINATION: R. D. Wester 28 Aug 57
AFOIN-4X3 
Gy Guy DATE 28 AUG 57

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a routing and coordination sheet from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

APOIN-4
APOIN-4X2b APOIN-1X3/Mr Hiatt/dmt/55266
APOIN-4X2S
APOIN-4X3 The UFO photographed at Edwards Air Force Base in May was a balloon which had been released at a nearby launching site.
APOIN-4X4
APOIN-4A The Air Force does not have sufficient personnel to furnish detailed information from thousands of case files to the many persons who clamor for this subject of UFO's. Any attempt to furnish such details would seriously curtail the essential operations of our intelligence units, and would require an unrestricted disclosure of data which the Air Force, in the interest of public information, a separated itself from the national migazines, life and Saturday Evening Post, in the preparation of articles on the subject of UFO's.
APOIN-4B
APOIN-4C
APOIN-4D
COORDINATION: WALLACE W. ELWOOD DATE: 28 AUG 57 
APOIN-4E
APOIN-4F

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a cover sheet for a document related to a "Suggested Reply - Letter from "Flying Saucers - International" on Edwards AFB" incident.

COVER SHEET
ORIGIN OF BASIC
DATE
SUBJECT
Suggested Reply - Letter from "Flying Saucers - International" on Edwards AFB
ROUTING
OFFICE
OUT
IN
OFFICE
OUT
IN
OFFICE
OUT
IN
OFFICE
OUT
TO:
AFOIN-XI, Maj Byrnes
FROM:
AFOIN-4
COMMENTS (Use reverse, if necessary)
1. Reference D/I-ATIG conference, 5 March 1957, on this UFO program, regarding the procedures to be followed in the future. UFO correspondence of a potentially dangerous or controversial nature, publicity-wise, should be reviewed by the Director, preferably the Office of Information Services.
2. The original film and detailed data to this organization are not permitted to be released until more than two weeks after the date of the request. It is requested that you refer any persons requesting the film and information on the recent Edwards AFB incident to this Office, since the photos and UFO reports are not permitted to be released until more than two weeks after the date of the request.
The original film is in repository with the UFO files. Any decision to release the film and detailed data to this organization must come from higher levels. In our opinion, any exception made in favor of one individual or organization will undoubtedly result in a flood of requests from the others. The requested reply was drafted with this in mind.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AFHO 0-86, 4 Jun 57, SUBJ: Suggested Reply - LTR FR "Flying Saucers - International"
on Edwards AFB Incident

"It has come to be informed that Mr._____ , the director of this organization
has just completed a book entitled "Flying Saucers" , which is one on the market
It is recommended that complete copies be furnished as a form of the UFO project
officer, Capt Ruppert perpetuating the Air Force findings. A copy with appropriate
comments and notations will be forwarded."

1 Incl
Draft - Suggested Reply

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the United States Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR output of the text in the document:

SAFIS-3/Agd Tacker/11/73328

14 April 1958

Dear Mr.

Captain Marley has requested that we answer your letter of 31 March 1958, since some of the information you requested is in our files of confidential material. 

First, regarding your request for the procedure to obtain footage from the military services for motion pictures, this is covered by existing Air Force regulations. The procedure may be purchased by a representative of your organization. Approved scripts are required in advance of this production. Approved scripts are forwarded to the appropriate film depository where the footage may be selected for purchase such footage as is commensurate with the production plans of the Department of Defense.

I should caution you again, that good motion picture footage is not always available from any official source. As was pointed out in earlier correspondence, exhaustive research has not disclosed any authentic evidence that would indicate the existence of flying saucers. Therefore, the Air Force does not have any special film that would radiate on a television screen.

As you will re-read your correspondence, dated 31 June 1957, from Major Robert J. Friend, you will note that there is not any such film in our possession. You should also add, since you cited Mr. Ruppelt's book, that it was claimed only for security purposes and in fact a disclaimer for factual accuracy was made at that time by the Department of Defense.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Community Information Division
Office of Information Services

Director,
Aerial Saucers International
9623 Santa Monica Drive
Los Angeles 19, California

COMEBACK-SAFIS-3 
READER-SAFIS-1
FEEDBACK-SAFIS-3

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Output:

Captain Wallace C. Harley, USAF
Inspection Branch
Audio-Visual Division, DCS/I, USAF(FA)
Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense, Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Captain Harley:

Thank you for your cordial and informative communication of 28 February. Your continued cooperation and patience - is appreciated.

Essentially, I shall keep in touch with your office as the script to my projected documentary progresses. However, the narrative will not substantially vary from the basic facts and information already obtained. And since the script of this post-narrated film will depend precisely on what data is available, including the negative (photos) to be made available, I hope you will so advise the Department of Defense.

Do you know when I may expect to receive everything? But I am certain that all will receive everything, and I intend to discuss with you just what I learn from the material as soon as it is all in my hands.

There is another point that I wish you would clarify. With reference to my inquiry into the availability of your motion pictures of the Autonomous Regions of the Antarctica or the Arctic, requested has been checked by the Department of the Air Force, and there are no such films available.

This reply has been a bit mystified. One of the films about which I was also mysteriously over at Edwards AFB, Calif., on 9 May 1957, and I have a letter from Captain Ruppelt there relative to this plane crash incident.

As to the gun-camera shot near Wright-Patterson AFB on 20 August, 1952, the light which the camera to focus to free itself from this objet that was scanned by radar and seen by ground watchers and which was immediately released by to be TRUE by the Air Force.

- page 25 -

This page of the UFO report document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or report regarding a UFO sighting.

Transcribed text from the document:

Los Angeles 25, Calif.
March 11, 1958

Captain Wallace G. Hartny, USAF
Assistant Chief, Armament Division
Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Captain Hartny:

THANK YOU FOR YOUR CORDIAL AND INFORMATIVE COMMUNICATION OF 28 FEBRUARY, 1958. YOUR CONTINUED COOPERATION - AND PATIENCE - IS APPRECIATED.

TO MY PROJECT DOESSANTARY PROBLEMS, HOWEVER, THE POSITION REMAINS THAT OF THE LAST REPORT, NAMELY: THE LACK OF TIME AND SPECIFIC INFORMATION ON WHICH TO ACT. AS REPEATED BEFORE, CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES SEEM TO ACCEPT OR REJECT THIS MATTER. AS FORMULATED IN DETAIL BY CAPTAIN EDWARNS - AS RETURNED TO YOU WITHOUT REQUEST - THIS WILL DEPEND PRECISELY ON WHAT IS ULTIMATELY SUBMITTED.

SO YOU CAN SEE THAT I AM IN A RATHER NERVOUS POSITION AT THE MOMENT, AND I WONDER IF YOU WOULD BE KIND ENOUGH TO TELL ME JUST WHAT TO DO.

THERE IS ANOTHER POINT THAT I WISH YOU WOULD CLARIFY - WITH RESPECT TO THE PHOTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT MENTIONED. WHAT IS THE SPECIFIC FOOTAGE THAT YOU HAVE REQUESTED. I HOPE YOU WILL RESPOND. THE SPECIFIC FOOTAGE THAT I HAVE WILL DEPEND UPON SOME DEFINITE INFORMATION FROM YOU.

THIS REPLY HAS BEEN A BIT HURRIED. ONE OF THE FILMS ABOUT WHICH I WROTE TO CAPTAIN EDWARDS HAS, CALIF., ON MAY 6, 1957 AND I HAVE A LETTER FROM HIM REGARDING SAME IN SOME DETAIL.

I BELIEVE THE GUN-CAMERA ACTION THAT MAJOR WRIGHT-PATTERSON ARE ON 30 AUGUST 1957 TO BE CONCLUSIVE FOR A PERIOD OF 3 TO 5 MINUTES. AND I HAVE CONSIDERABLE DETAIL ON THIS, CONFIRMED BY SEVERAL SOURCES - OBSERVATIONS BY GROUND WATCHERS IN THE AREA, RADAR TRACK, VISUAL CONTACT, ETC. YOUR LETTER OF FEBRUARY 28 DOES NOT MENTION THIS POINT AND I WONDER IF YOU ARE AWARE OF IT.

AND THE WHITE SANDS CINEMATOGRAPHIC FILMS REFERRED TO BY GENERAL RAMSEY IN THEIR O.S.I. COMMAND LIAISON LETTER OF DECEMBER 5, 1956, WILL VERIFY WHAT HAS BEEN OBSERVED.

AGAIN, THANK YOU FOR YOUR COOPERATION IN THIS MATTER.

Sincerely,
[signature]

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is an old UFO document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

22 June 1957

Dear Dr. __________,

Reference is made to your letter dated 12 June 1957 concerning a report from a weather unit stationed at Edwards Air Force Base, California.

My initial comments are that while I understand that this individual has made what he considers to be a significant and worthwhile observation, it is nevertheless my feeling that in the absence of any tangible evidence or documentation to support his allegations, his recourse to official files, reports and findings is premature and such matters are more appropriately directed to other agencies.

It is my attempt to meet the individual demands of the hundreds who periodically make similar unsolicited reports, that I must emphasize the constant interference with the Air Force's normal mission, and the disproportionate expenditure of time and resources required to investigate each case, which invariably proves to be without substance. My correspondence is withheld in an effort to avoid raising false hopes or expectations on the part of our citizens.

If you consider this report to be of sufficient importance, I would be pleased to have it informally reviewed by technical personnel who are experienced in the analysis of such reports. However, I would suggest that the individual be informed of the following:

1. The object reported by the observer is not considered to be other than a thermal inversion or a meteorological condition which is commonly misinterpreted as some unusual aerial phenomenon.

2. Unless substantiated by an independent report which discloses significant details beyond the observer's personal estimates as to size, speed, altitude, etc., this report cannot be considered as evidence of any unusual or unidentified aerial object.

3. There is no record in official files of any recovery of unusual objects or materials from the area of the observer's location.

Should the individual wish to submit any further evidence or documentation, I would be pleased to have it reviewed and an appropriate reply forwarded to you.

Sincerely yours,

[signature]

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCRED TEXT:

BABIS-30/1943 Spence/jm1/55809
To: Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, Wright Field, Ohio

Subject: UNIDENTIFIED SIGHTING OF FLYING OBJECTS
RECEIVED BY THE AIR FORCE

These are typical of similar reports received by the Air Force, which upon investigation were found to be balloons, aircraft, astronomical phenomena, and several unidentified.

It is the opinion of the Air Force that any attempt to attribute the sightings is unwarranted and not supported by the facts.

Sincerely,

S. BERNARD STICKLE
Major USAF
Deputy Chief, Information Services
Office of Information Services

Mr. *****************************
Civilian Aeronautics International
Los Angeles 35, California

COMEBACK-BABTS-30
RVHCH11 15 55
2

COMEBACK-BABTS-30

- page 28 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the "Flying Saucers International" organization dated May 10, 1957, addressed to Brigadier General Harold E. Watson, Commander of the Air Force Intelligence Center in Dayton, Ohio. 

The text in the document is as follows:

"Brigadier General Harold E. Watson 
Commander, Air Force Intelligence Center 
Dayton, Ohio

Dear General Watson:

On Thursday, May 9, 1957, The Los Angeles Times reported the following:

'AIR FORCE STUDIES PHOTOS --- Cameras Track Flying Object'

'Cameramen Studies of an unidentified flying object photographs were analyzed by the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base yesterday.

'Spokesmen at the secret report test center north of Los Angeles said the object was spotted by cameramen.'

'They tracked the object and took pictures with the cameras and information were dispatched immediately to the intelligence center.'

'It caught the morning sun and that it moved but not at any tremendous speed, the witnesses said. The object appeared round, that was spotted by more than one camera crew.'

'Edwards officers would not hazard a guess as to what the object was, although one said it could have been a weather balloon.'

'This desert air does crazy things,' he said."

A request is hereby made for prints from the negative film on this incident, to be distributed by USAF to the technical and scientific community as fully as possible. If this is not feasible on a short-term basis, or through the local USAF, the writer would appreciate a copy of the photo-analysis report and any other material that might be available on this incident, in cooperation between the Air Force and civilian interested parties. Such an exchange would be in the public interest.

Sincerely,
[Signature]

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which describes the details of a UFO sighting that received nationwide publicity. 

The text in the document is as follows:

"This case received nation-wide publicity because the UFO was observed over the so-called "United States secret testing grounds", and had been photographed officially by high-speed cameras, especially designed to track aircraft and missiles, by AF personnel.

The object was observed by the camera crews, who took a series of photographs after it had moved some distance away. They later described it as "disc shaped to interrogators", after they brought the matter to the attention of higher authority. A total of 32 photographs were taken, and highly magnified, disclosed the object to be the size of a match head, but changing shape from elliptical to circular, as the early sun's rays played upon its surface. A wind jet, correlated with the reported speed and movements of the object, practically coincided. This pointed to the object being a balloon. Further investigations not only disclosed that a balloon was released in the vicinity, but precise theodolite measurements coincided with the observer's report as to times, elevations and bearings.

This case is considered as having been improperly handled. It did not come to the attention of ATIC until well after the press had received it; the Edwards AFB I-IO officer made statements to the press that it was "unknown", when investigators disclose that he was informed it was a balloon; and the local commander could have solved the case by making local inquiries of his various entities."

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the "Director, Flying Saugers International" addressed to "General Watson (ATIC)".

To General Watson (ATIC) - -2.

Thank you for your cooperation in this matter.
An early reply will be gratefully appreciated. 

Sincerely,
Director
FLYING SAUCERS INTERNATIONAL

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that describes an unidentified object sighting at Edwards Air Force Base on May 2, 1957. The text states that the sighting was investigated by civilian photo-theodolite operators who took pictures with "specialized camera equipment", but the results were inconclusive and no estimates were made regarding the size or altitude of the object. The officers involved were unsure of what the object was, although one said it could have been a balloon.

MAY 2, 1957: An unidentified object was sighted over Edwards Air Force Base in California. Civilian photo-theodolite operators were dispatched and took pictures with the "specialized camera equipment." Results were dispatched to intelligence headquarters, but the Intelligence Division reported that the results were inconclusive and there were no estimates as to its size or altitude. Edwards officers would not hazard a guess as to what the object was, although one said it could have been a balloon. Others, such as Lt. Isabel Epperson, of L.A., for California clippings.)

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a memo routing slip with handwritten text.

Text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
NEVER USE FOR APPROVALS, DISAPPROVALS,
CONCURRENCES, OR SIMILAR ACTIONS
1. NAME OR TITLE ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION
2. SEE ME COORDINATION
DATE
FILE
3.
INFORMATION
NECESSARY
ACTION
NOTED AND
RETURNED
4.
SEE ME
SIGNATURE
REMARKS
1. Per your instructions - "Immediate" action tag upon this.
2. The case of the 9/5 unidentified objects that the S.U.F.O
cases requested to be DV'E.
3. Request for a conference of "chiefs" for official recommendation.
4. Determine that the reason for the new increased activity of the
5/T reports will occur as they are related to "official" copies
5. Ewen-AFB makes no use of prepared or printed forms as this
was drafted on the spot and indicated to send this report cover
via D'V report.
FROM NAME OR TITLE DATE
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION TELEPHONE
CRAIG E.GRAEFF
4 SEP 57 66 1-6016
DD FORM 95 FEB 55 This form replaces DA AGO Form 895. c 1 oct 48. which may be used.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memo routing slip from a Project Blue Book document.

The text in the document is as follows:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
FROM NAME OR TITLE:  Capt Gregory
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION:  USAF
TELEPHONE: 72235
DATE: 20 May 57
1. The Edwards UFO Case which has been given publicity by the press and under investigation by the Air Technical Intelligence Command is apparently of no consequence. The pass has been positively identified to this case.
2. Coordination is negative to date.
3. Capt Gregory

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this document. It appears to be a routing and coordination sheet related to a report on a "Flying Saucer" incident at Edwards AFB in California.

ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET
AFOIN-4 DECLASS
OFF.CIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD
AFOIN-4 Reply - Letter from "Flying Saucers - International" on Edwards AFB
AFOIN-4X2E
AFOIN-4X3
AFOIN-4X4
AFOIN-4A
AFOIN-4B
A-FOIN-4, Maj Byrnes
AFOIN-4
AFOIN-4b/Capt G.T. Gregory/62916
4 June 1957
1. Reference D/I-ATIC conference, 5 March 1957, on the UFO Program, regarding
your correspondence under your initial with regard to the correspondence of potentially
explosive nature coming from citizens of your command, and that it be released over the
signature of Headquarters USAF.
2. Accordingly, attached is a suggested reply to subject UFO organization's
request for the film and information on the recent Edwards AFB incident. It is
suggested that no note be made that the Centre did not receive the photos and UFO reports
mentioned in their request.
3. A detailed analysis of this case was just completed, and forwarded to your
office. The original film is in repository with the UFO files. Any decision to
release or return this film must come from higher authorities. This organization will
promptly advise you of any further developments, which may occur from higher level
action.

- page 35 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a record of UFO reports investigated by the United States Air Force.

The text in the document is as follows:

MAY 57, SUBJ: Suggested Reply - Ltr fm "Flying Saucers - International"
Please be informed that Mr. [REDACTED], the director of this organization, has published a book entitled "Flying Saucers" which is now on the market. Preliminary publicity and announcing of a forthcoming UFO project and documentary copy with appendices and notations will be forwarded.
WALLACE W. ELWOOD
CAPT, USAF
AFOIN-4X2a
Suggested Reply

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document discussing requests for information concerning balloon launchings between 0700 and 0930 hours on 2 May 1957 involving large plastic balloons of 45 to 75 foot size. The document mentions weekly track charts from 1110 Sub Gp, Hecdcom, USAF, showing balloon S-321 from Vernallis passing north of the area, moving west to east on the same date. The document also includes handwritten notes at the bottom.

TWX
Dec 24, 4th Weather Group
Hq Air Force Rt Test Center
Edwards AFB, California

Request information concerning any balloon launchings between 
0700 to 0930 hours on 2 May 1957 involving large plastic balloons of
45 to 75 foot size. Information available here indicates your unit
may use, or have knowledge of, tests involving such balloons. Also
winds aloft, date from your records from 1500 to 5000 ft for this time
period, to include knowledge of any other balloons released, or known
to have been in your area.  Weekly track charts from 1110 Sub Gp, 
Hedcom, USAF, show balloon S-321, from Vernallis, passed north your
area, moving west to east on same date.  Immediate reply desirable.

Long distance phone call made to this
unit by 2/3/57 that WERE very
phoning me 1000-1100 for balloon
operation at 1000. See attached report by W/Stfield.
/s/ B. H.

- page 37 -

The image contains a photograph of text, but no other visual elements. The text states:

"THE SIGHTING OF A UFO PHOTOGRAPHED AT EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, MAY 3, BY TWO THEODOLITE OPERATORS AT THE TEST CENTER. OFFICIALS AT EDWARDS HAVE ADMITTED THE UFO WAS TRACKED BY SPECIAL CAMERA EQUIPMENT, AND THAT THE FILMS WERE IMMEDIATELY DISPATCHED TO AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER, DAYTON."

As an OCR system, I have extracted all the text found in the document.

- page 38 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page of an old U.S. Air Force technical information sheet, likely from the Project Blue Book archive.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the sighted phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in a statistical analysis to determine patterns. Your answers will not be used for any other purpose without your permission.

1. When did you see the object?
   - Day: May
   - Month: 1957
   - Year: (No Year specified)

2. Time seen:
   - (Circle One): A. Eastern, B. Central, C. Mountain, D. Pacific, E. Other

3. Where were you when you saw the object?
   - Edwards Air Force Base, California

4. Estimate how long you saw the object.
   - 0 minutes, 25 seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
   - (a) Certain, (b) Fairly certain, (c) Not very certain, (d) Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   - (Circle One): a. Bright daylight, b. Dull daylight, c. Bright twilight

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   - (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. To your left, c. To your right, d. I don't remember

- page 39 -

The image contains two sketches of hands. The upper sketch depicts an open hand with fingers spread out, while the lower sketch shows a closed fist.

EDWARDS AFB - CALIFORNIA
1957-05-6790366
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 40 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a "Detailed Analysis of Edwards AFB Base UFO Sighting - 2 May 57".

The text in the report is as follows:

SUBJECT: Detailed Analysis of Edwards AFB Base UFO Sighting - 2 May 57
a. Length: A simple demonstration will quickly indicate that a baseball, when its length is seen in a front of one's eyes at this distance, will cover almost half of the visible sky, and would be an indication that the object observed would be tremendous in size, if an actual object.
b. Belief in "Flying Saucers":
(1) One observer has given strong indications that he is a believer in the so-called "flying saucers".
(2) Stated that he observed a "disc" almost half the size of a football field hanging over a house for twenty minutes. Time and place was Rosemead, California, 0930 p.m. in January '50. The object did not make a sound while within vision.
(3) No comment is considered necessary regarding an object that size over a small town for almost half hour and not being seen by any other persons or aircraft, or by radar that seems to view 24 hours a day.
(4) The observers were specialists in a field of photography. It should therefore be apparent to them that even a previously known object would be difficult to estimate as being 60 miles, much less it appearing on a relatively distant small, distant object. The photographic equipment used would not have been capable of determining that distance with the equipment used.
5. Conclusions: Therefore, on the basis of the above, and particularly in consideration of the factual data presented, which clearly indicates an object other than the balloon sighted, was observed for only a few minutes prior to the sighting.
6. This Center considers it unfortunate that its knowledge of this incident was withheld. It was brought to both the public and press attention days before, and proved that a denial or explanation is never given the same publicity or attention as the original story.

The text in the image appears to be a detailed analysis of a UFO sighting at Edwards AFB on May 2, 1957, as part of Project Blue Book.

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCRDOCS:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and the MOON:
a. STARS (Ck 13 one)  b. A few    c. Many    d. Don't remember
e. MOON (Ck 13 one)  b. Bright moonlight  c. Dull moonlight  d. No moonlight

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
a. Circle One:  Yes    b. No    c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the background, was it about the same brightness as that of an automobile headlight?
a. Circle One:  Yes   b. Several blocks away   c. A little away   d. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?  
b. Suddenly appear or disappear at any time?
c. Rapidly move in any direction at any time?
d. Give off a flash?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, flash, or pulsate?

12. Did the object move behind something or anything, particularly a cloud?
If you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
If you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear:
a. Circle One:  Yes   b. Transparent   c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses  Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No
c. Windshield  Yes   No
d. Window glass  Yes   No

- page 42 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph included on this particular page, only text and diagrams.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - It was on
b. Color - A bright metallic color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

At first                    15 minutes later
Overhead                     Overhead
(a)                          (a. Full or blurred)
                             (b. Sharply outlined)
                             (c. Other)
                             (d. Don't remember)

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Just one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with instructions and questions related to describing a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during its course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 120 feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about the same distance? (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Quarter
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? It just finally got too far away to see.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the air would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Aluminum
10ft diameter
Disk
Saucer

- page 44 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text extracted from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car )
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Driving pickup truck. It was so low and a companion brought it to my attention.

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast c. East
d. Southeast e. South
f. Southwest g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 35 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) (Yes) No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast e. Southwest f. South g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast c. East
d. Southeast e. Southwest f. South g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from your North and also the elevation from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 45 75 degrees.
b. From horizon 45 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 75 degrees.
b. From horizon 33 degrees.

- page 45 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather three sketches or drawings. The first sketch shows the path of a high object above the horizon, and instructs the viewer to place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was. The second and third sketches appear to be different perspectives or illustrations of an unidentified object in the sky.

Transcription of the text in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketches as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 46 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Cloudy
c. Hazy
d. Scattered clouds
e. Overcast
f. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember 

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Raining, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
2 12 59

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 (Circle One) Yes (    )   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Lancaster, California

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 (Circle One) Yes   (No)
37.2 If you answered NO, then when - under what circumstances did you see other ones?
west of Rosanond - January 1950 - large disk (130'0" hung over the house at 300' for 20 minutes at 2130 hours.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I don't know

- page 47 -

The image contains a form with various questions, but it does not appear to have any photographs included. 

Transcribing the text from the form:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes - No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Very, very slow m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes - No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5000 feet at first 60 miles at last 

11. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Street, [redacted], California
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present job? Instrument Mechanic and Operator
Age: 32
Sex: Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school: x
b. High school: x 
c. College: 
d. Post graduate:
e. Technical school: (type)
f. Other special training:

12. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 May 1957

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to collect information about UFO sightings.

Transcription of the text in the document:

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and used as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may use past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details as clearly as possible, as some items may be obscured if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: May 1957

At 0755 hours we were traveling south in a pickup truck to Atlanta Genera Station to investigate a UFO sighting. As we approached the Georgia coast at about 1517 hours we sighted the object over the ocean. It was heading eastward at high speed and was not visible to the naked eye. By the time we got the binoculars on it, it disappeared from our view. It was estimated to be between 40 to 50 miles per hour in speed, and it disappeared in further easterly direction. It was estimated to be 50,000 feet in altitude. I further observed it was egg-shaped, silver in color, and about the size of a dime held at arm's length. There were some more falls of it. It was estimated to be 30 to 50 miles away when it disappeared. It was observed only for about 60 miles when it disappeared from sight.

- page 49 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically from Edwards Air Force Base in California dated May 6, 1957.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified flying object that you have observed. The information that you give will be used in connection with any subsequent complaints, or investigations you may have about this particular incident. You may wish to refer to this information for further details.

1. When did you see the object? May 1957
2. Time at day: 0750 PM 
3. Time seen: (circle one) a. Daylight b. Twilight c. Darkness d. Night 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? EDWARDS, NEW MEXICO Ballistic Missile Test Facility, CALIFORNIA
5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 25 SECOND(S) 
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Unsure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle one) a. Bright daylight b. Daylight, but sky hazy c. Twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle one) a. In front of you b. To your left c. In back of you d. To your right e. Don't remember

The text found in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified flying object that you have observed. The information that you give will be used in connection with any subsequent complaints, or investigations you may have about this particular incident. You may wish to refer to this information for further details.

1. When did you see the object? May 1957
2. Time at day: 0750 PM
3. Time seen: (circle one) a. Daylight b. Twilight c. Darkness d. Night  
4. Where were you when you saw the object? EDWARDS, NEW MEXICO Ballistic Missile Test Facility, CALIFORNIA
5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 25 SECOND(S)
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Unsure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle one) a. Bright daylight b. Daylight, but sky hazy c. Twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle one) a. In front of you b. To your left c. In back of you d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 50 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which contains a questionnaire or form for recording observations of unidentified flying objects.

B.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

B.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

Q. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sunglasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

OCR Text Output:

B.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

B.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

Q. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sunglasses 
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a cover sheet for a detailed analysis of a UFO sighting at Edwards Air Force Base on 2 May 1957. The text on the cover sheet provides an overview of the analysis, which includes:

a. Study of the observer's UFO questionnaire, the official UFO report from Edwards AFB, the geographical factors, and the elements of time, elevations, bearings and meteorological conditions pertaining to the sighting.
b. Analysis of the theodolite photographs submitted, with correlation to the known facts.
c. Evaluation of the sources (observers).
d. Analysis of UFO report and questionnaire data, which was accomplished by the observers but not received until 23 May 1957, some considerable time after the incident had occurred.

- page 52 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report form or document with instructions and questions related to describing an unidentified object or objects.

16. Toll in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound - none
b. Color - Bright metallic color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc.; and especially include trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
At first 
35 minutes later
Overhead
East

18. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Distinct 
b. Like a bright star
c. Shaky/outlined 
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Just one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 53 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but instead appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The page includes instructions and questions for the observer to fill out, such as drawing a picture to show the motion of the object, estimating the size of the object, and describing the object's appearance compared to common objects. The text states that the object was an "aluminum color" and "150-175 feet in diameter".

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. If possible, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand:
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter 
f. Half dollar
g. Silver dollar
h. Grapefruit
i. Basketball
j. Other

23.1 (Circle One) of the following to the best of your ability, how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? It simply went too far out.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could hold up something in the sky which you saw. Describe, in your own words, a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Aluminum color
150-175 feet in diameter

- page 54 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Based on the OCR output, the text in the document is as follows:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did it happen to notice it?
I was reading in a parking to one of the articles which I just happened to

IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. Southeast f. Southwest g. West

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____35____ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) (Yes) No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was
from you North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____75____ degrees.
b. From horizon _____25____ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _____75___ degrees.
b. From horizon ______35___ degrees.

- page 55 -

The image contains three sketches or drawings depicting observations of unidentified objects in the sky. The top sketch shows a curved trajectory of an object above the horizon, with instructions to place an "A" at the starting point and a "B" at the ending point. The middle and bottom sketches show different perspectives of the observed object, with instructions to use these sketches to complete the larger sketch.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to another sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 56 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy/few clouds, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds, e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. Calm, b. Slight breeze, c. Strong wind, d. Don't remember 
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. (D)ry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold, b. Cool, c. Warm, d. Hot, e. Don't remember

35. WHEN DID YOU REPORT TO SOME OFFICIAL THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT? 2 Day, Day, Month, 1957

36. WAS ANYONE ELSE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? (Circle One): (Yes) No

36.1 IF YOU ANSWERED YES, DID THEY SEE THE OBJECT TOO? (Circle One): (Yes) No

36.2 PLEASE LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES:
P.O. BOX Rosemead, California

37. WAS THIS THE FIRST TIME THAT YOU HAD SEEN AN OBJECT OR OBJECTS LIKE THIS? (Circle One): (Yes) No

37.1 IF YOU ANSWERED NO, THEN WHEN, WHERE, AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES DID YOU SEE OTHER ONES?

38. IN YOUR OPINION, WHAT DO YOU THINK THE OBJECT WAS AND WHAT MIGHT HAVE CAUSED IT?  
DO NOT HAVE ANY IDEA

- page 57 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___ m.p.h.
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5000 -- 6000 feet
41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:	 [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted], Lancaster City, California
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job? Instrument Mechanic and Operator
Age: 29 Sex: Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school X
b. High school X
c. College
d. Post graduate
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 May 1957

- page 58 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, or a summary data form.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may restate information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are pertinent. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME (Please Print)
SIGNATURE (not available for signature)
DATE 2 May 1957

We left this master station heading south for one mile when we turned east for approximately 1 to 1.5 miles. At this point we turned north and traveled about 1 mile before we turned west again. While traveling this circuit, we observed and tracked an unidentified object which appeared to be traveling erratically in the sky. The object continued to the Ashland station and overhead and seemed to accelerate. From this time travel to the Ashland station had become normal and no further observation of the object was made. The time when we first observed the object was approximately 10:00 p.m. and it was observed for approximately 25 to 30 minutes before it was lost out of sight.

- page 59 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned document or report. As an OCR system, I will extract the text from the document:

d. Edwards AFB B Case (2 May 1957)

This case received nation-wide publicity because the UFO was over successfully near the Edwards Aib Base and had seen photographed officially by high-speed cameras, especially designed to track missiles by AP personnel.

The object was observed by the camera crew, who, took a series of photographs after it had moved some distance away. The sighting was directly related to the official Air Force investigation. Prior to the official Air Force investigation, the object could be described as the size of a match head, but changing shape from round to elongated as the object played upon the surface. A wind blew, correlated with the reported speed and movement of the object, practically coincided. This pointed to the object being in the air balloon.i Further investigation, not only disclosed that a balloon was released in the vicinity, but precise sightings measurements coincided with the observers' reports as to times, elevations and bearings.

This case is considered to have been improperly handled. It did not come to the attention of ATIC until after the press had received it; the Edwards AFB official made statements to the press that it was "unknown" which investigations disclose that they had been informed that it was a balloon: some local confusion to statements to the press indicating it was a balloon, and interviews investigator also indicated it was an unknown object but they had no evidence to support this conclusion; the various units of the investigation had not been properly and fully coordinated.

- page 60 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Edwards AFB Case (2 May 1957)

This case received nation-wide publicity because the UFO was observed over the so-called "United States secret testing grounds", and had been photographed officially by high-speed cameras, specially designed to track aircraft and missiles. by AF personnel.

The object was observed by the camera crews, who took a series of photographs after it had moved some distance away. They later described it as disc-shaped to interrogators, after they brought the matter to the attention of others. A study of 32 photographs taken, and highly magnified disclosed the object to the size of a match head, but changing shape from round to elliptical, as the object rapidly moved upon its surface, a motion correlated with the reported speed and movement of the object, practically coincided. This pointed to the object being a balloon. Further investigations not only disclosed that a balloon was released in the vicinity, but precise theodolite measurements coincided with the observer's report as to its size, elevation and bearings. 

This case is considered as having been improperly handled. It did not come to the attention of ATIC until will after the Edwards AFB PIO officer made statements to the press that it was "unknown". When investigations disclosed that he was informed it was a balloon, and the local commander could have solved the case by making local inquiries of his various units.

- page 61 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a text-based description of a balloon sighting at Edwards AFB in California.

BALLOON CHECK ON EDWARDS AFB CASE

As per telephone conversation with Major Weininger, Department Gl, Weather Group, Edwards AFB, California, Major Weininger is aware of the facts of this case and he states:

(quote) "On the morning of 3 May 1957, they released a Rawindonde balloon which at release measured 980 grams or 3 to 6 feet, in diameter, which reached an altitude of 75 to 80 feet. at 60,000 ft. altitude." Major Weininger also stated that this sighting is quite obviously the balloon they released. This information was given to the information officer at Edwards AFB.

CARTER D. HILL 
CAPTAIN, USAF

- page 62 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that describes a detailed analysis of a UFO sighting at Edwards Air Force Base on May 2, 1957.

OUTPUT OF TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

SUBJECT: Detailed Analysis of Edwards AFB Base UFO Sighting - 2 May 57

(1) Testimony given by both observers is that the time of their sighting was between 0755 and 0820 (see attached copy of UFO questionnaire, Form 14-C).

(2) A rawinsonde balloon was released by the Edwards AFB weather station west of the observers, at 0745 hours and subsequently tracked until 0320 hours (UFO Report, 14 May 1957).

(3) Observers both estimate the bearing of the object to be 75 degrees when it first appears, continuing at 075 degrees.

(4) Official time-tracking of the balloon (UFO Report, 15 May 57) was as follows:
(a) 0750: True Bearing - 70 degrees
(b) 0800: True Bearing - 80 degrees
(c) 0810: True Bearing - 60 degrees

(5) Observers: interpolating for the first two time-tracks, the bearing is exactly 75 degrees. Using an average of all three, the bearing is 70 degrees.

(6) Observers' state that when first observed, their estimated altitude of the object was 45 degrees, and 15 degrees when it disappeared.

(7) A trigonometrical treatment of the data in the official UFO Report (Paragraph 6 (1)) indicates that the angle of elevation during the periods given by the observers was approximately 50 degrees and 22 degrees respectively.

- page 63 -

Based on the image, there does not appear to be any photograph present. The image shows a scanned page of text from a Project Blue Book report.

EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, CALIF., MAY 9, 1957. OFFICERS AT EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE TO DAY WERE STUDYING FILMS MADE OF A REPORTED UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT OBSERVED BY TWO CIVILIAN TECHNICIANS WHO USED 35MM CAMERAS. THE OBJECT WAS PHOTOGRAPHED AT 11:30 A.M. YESTERDAY BY THE TECHNICIANS. ACCORDING TO PROJECT BLUE BOOK OFFICERS AT EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, THE FILMS ARE BEING STUDIED IN DETAIL. THIS REPORTED UFO WAS FIRST OBSERVED SLIGHTLY IN THE MORNING SUN WHEN OBSERVED LAST THURSDAY AND AGAIN ON FRIDAY. PROJECT BLUE BOOK OFFICERS SAID ANALYSIS INDICATES IT COULD BE EITHER A MILITARY OR CIVILIAN AIRCRAFT. THE AIR FORCE TEST CENTER AT EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE IS STUDYING THE FILMS TO DETERMINE IF THEY ARE ASSOCIATED WITH ANY KNOWN PROJECTS OR ACTIVITIES IN THE AREA. PLANS ARE NOW BEING MADE TO INTERVIEW THE CIVILIAN TECHNICIANS WHO TOOK THE PICTURES. FURTHER INFORMATION WILL BE RELEASED AS SOON AS AVAILABLE FROM COLORADO SPRINGS, COLO., FOR FURTHER CHECKING.

G.C.N./EDWARDS AFB 5-9-57

- page 64 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

AFSCO
1st Ind
Hq 44024th Air Intelligence Service Squadron (AIC), USAF, Air Force
Dep r 43, 1957

TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATI'N: AFCIII 414,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 

Forwarded for your information and necessary action, HICOB
Index Card (AFCIR Form No. 5) will be forwarded when prepared.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

G Emsle
2/9

- page 65 -

There is no visible photograph or image in the provided document. The document appears to be a typed report from the Air Force Flight Test Center regarding an unidentified flying object report.

HEADQUARTERS
AIR FORCE FLIGHT TEST CENTER
AIR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Edwards Air Force Base, California
FTOOB
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report
TO: Commander
Air Defense Command
ATIN: 4602d AISS
Ent Air Force Base, Colorado Springs, Colorado
1. In accordance with paragraph seven, Air Force Regulation 200-2, the following reported sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object is forwarded for necessary action. Report is being submitted in letter form due to non-availability of Air Force Form 112.
a. Report follows prescribed format (par 7d, AFR 200-2).
(1) Description:
(a) Disk shape.
(b) Size compared to basketball.
(c) Aluminum or metallic in color.
(d) One.
(e) N/A.
(f) Object was estimated to be 150-175 feet in diameter. It was sharply outlined and was shaped like a saucer.
(g) None.
(h) No sound.
(i) Had translucent glow.
(2) Description of course:
(a) Observers first sighted object at a very low altitude while traveling to the Photo Developing Station in a truck.
(b) Elevation: 45 Azimuth: 0
(c) Elevation: 85 Azimuth: 0

- page 66 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

FTCOB, Rq AFTTO.

Subj: Unidentified Flying Object Report

(1) Object traveled in an easterly direction at all times. At one point, object appeared to stand still and change shape or pulsate. Object was at an estimated altitude of 1500 feet.

(2) Object disappeared from sight due to extreme distance.

(3) Length of time in sight was approximately 25 minutes.

(4) Observations:
(a) Ground visual.
(b) Object was tracked by a 15 power scope which is a portion of the Photo Theodolite equipment.

(5) Time and date:
(a) 1455Z to 1520Z, 2 May 1957.
(b) Day.

(6) Location: Approximately 34 53' 30" N - 117 40' E.

(7) Observers:
(a) 32 Years, Civilian, Pasadena, California, Instrument Mechanic and Operator.
(b) 29 Years, Lancaster, California, Instrument Mechanic and Operator.

(8) Weather and Winds:
(a) The sky condition was dull daylight. Surface winds were:
0600 - 360/09
1200 - 270/12
1500 - 260/23
1600 - 250/27
2000 - 270/23

2

- page 67 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

FT006, Hq AFFTO, Subject: Unidentified Flying Object Report

20,000 - 25,000
20,000 - 26,000/33
80,000 - 260/07

(a) Calling - None.
(b) Visibility - 30 miles.
(c) 2/10 total cloud coverage
1/10 cirrus at 25,000 feet
3/10 cirrus at unknown altitude
(f) No thunderstorms.
(e) Sharp temperature inversion at 42,500 feet MSL.
(g) n/a.
(10) Negative.
(11) Preparing Officer and commentatr
(a) Deputy Chief of Staff, Operations.
(b) Weather stations at Palmdale Airport, George
Air Force Base, Mojave VCAR's, and China Lake Naval Air Station were
notified as to sighting. Weather balloons had been released at LA
Air Force Base at approximately 0740 hours. A reddish fiery light
raviling ends balloon was released by the weather station at Edwards
Air Force Base at approximately 0750 hours. The following sighting
information on the release of subject balloons:

0740 hours... Balloon released at Edwards (34 54'
32" N - 117 52' 00" E).
0750 hours... 13,237' elevation, 8038 yards from
station on a true bearing of 300.
0800 hours... 22,408' elevation, 27,603 yards from
station on a true bearing of 300.
0810 hours... 27,428' elevation, 27,663 yards from
station on a true bearing of 300.
0820 hours... 42,221' elevation, 35,603 yards from
station on a true bearing of 300.

Based on the above track made and the location of the observers at
the time of sighting, the weather balloon released at Edwards could
not have been the unidentified object reported.

(a) Probable cause of sighting is unknown.

- page 68 -

The image appears to contain a photograph, which is described in the text as "the reported sightings". The text mentions that "Photo enlargements represent every other frame of the color film photographed by one or more aircraft on the sky above the area on May 6, 1957." It goes on to describe the details of the photographs, including the camera used and the time of day the photographs were taken.

PROOF, HQ USAF TO: Sub: Unidentified Flying Object Report
(1) Attention is invited to the attached photographs of the reported sighting. Photo enlargements represent every other frame of the color film photographed mainly (including five and six) by one or more aircraft on the sky above the area on May 6, 1957. Reference photo enlargements in enclosure these "subject photographs" were taken beginning at approximately 0815 Pacific Daylight Time at the rate of four frames per second. Photographs were taken with a single photo theodolite camera which consisted of a 3.5 inch lens and a 1.5 power scope for bracketing purposes.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

6 Incls
1-ATIC Form 164-
2-ATIC Form 164-
3-Photo enlargements 
from negative 1 (2 cys)
4-Photo enlargements
from negative 2 (2 cys)
5-Photo enlargements under
separate cover)
6-Negative 2 (forwarded under
separate cover)

ALSO:
Hq USAF, Air Intelligence Service Squadron (AISG), Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

16 MAY 1957

TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATIN: AFOIN 4S4,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Forwarded for your information and necessary action. UPON
INCLOS (ATIC) FORM NO. 52 WILL BE FORWARDED WHEN PREPARED.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

JOHN D TAYLOR, JR
Major, USAF
Adjutant

- page 69 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be an official document related to a UFO sighting or incident. The document is titled "JOINT MESSAGEFOR UNCLASSIFIED" and dated "24 DEC 57".

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

INFORMATION SERVICES
AIR FORCE FLIGHT TEST CENTER
EDWARDS AFB, CALIFORNIA

FROM: AFOIN-1BE
REQUEST FOR INFORMATION REGARDING UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT OVER
YOUR BASE REPORTED BY WIRE SERVICE, 9 MAY, QUOTE: OFFICERS AT EDWARDS
AIR FORCE BASE TODAY WERE STUDYING FILMS MADE OF A UNIDENTIFIED FLYING
OBJECT SEEN OVER THE BASE. THE OBJECT WAS PHOTOGRAPHED BY TWO CIVILIAN
TECHNICIANS WHO USED SPECIAL EQUIPMENT TO TRACK AND RECORD IT. UNOFFICIAL
SOURCES SAID THE OBJECT APPEARED CIRCULAR AND GLINTED BRIGHTLY IN THE MORNING
SUN WHEN OBSERVED LAST FRIDAY. INTELLIGENCE OFFICERS AT EDWARDS BASE, A
HUSH-HUSH AIR FORCE TEST CENTER, WOULD SAY ALMOST NOTHING OF THE INCIDENT.
AN AIR FORCE SPOKESMAN CONFIRMED THAT EDWARDS BASE WAS STUDYING THE
PHOTOGRAPHS AND WOULD FORWARD THEM TO THE CONTINENTAL AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
HEADQUARTERS AT COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO, FOR FURTHER DESCRYING.

ROBERT E. O'CONNOR
Captain, USAF
Assistant Adjutant

- page 70 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

JOINT MESSAGEFORM - CONTINUATION SHEET
COMDR ATIC
ALSO, EXCERPT FROM L.A. TIMES, SAME DATE, STATES "PHOTOS WERE DISPATCHED IMMEDIATELY" TO THIS CENTER.
THIS CENTER HAS NO KNOWLEDGE OR RECEIPT OF REPORT OR PHOTOGRAPHS.
HOWEVER, MATTER NOW OF SOME CONCERN IN VIEW OF QUERIES REGARDING INCIDENT, PARTICULARLY, FROM AN UNOFFICIAL "UFO RESEARCH ORGANIZATION"
DEMANDING ANSWERS, FACTS AND PHOTOS FROM AIR FORCE.
BOTH FROM PUBLIC INFORMATION AND INTELLIGENCE STANDPOINT TO GET FULL FACTS BEFORE ANY STATEMENT MADE AS PUBLIC SINCE IT IS KNOWN THESE ORGANIZATIONS HAVE GIVEN AIR FORCE SOME ADVERSE PUBLICITY PROBLEMS.
DESIRABLE THAT ACTION BE INITIATED TO DETERMINE THE FOLLOWING SPECIFICALLY:
1. WERE BALLOONS RELEASED DURING THE PERIOD OF SIGHTING? IF, AS ALLEGED, PHOTOS STUDIED BY YOUR SPECIALISTS, WHAT WERE YOUR FINDINGS, OPINIONS OR CONCLUSIONS?
2. WERE CIVILIANS TAKING THE PHOTOS INSIDE OR OUTSIDE BASE AREA, AF EMPLOYEES WORKING ON PROJECT INVOLVING TRACKING AIRCRAFT, OR PRIVATE CITIZENS NOT CONNECTED WITH YOUR BASE?
3. WERE AIRCRAFT IN THE AREA?
4. ANY OTHER DATA THAT MAY PROVIDE FIRM CONCLUSIONS.
IF INFORMATION AND PHOTOS HAVE BEEN SUBMITTED, STILL REQUEST SUMMARY OF PERTINENT INFORMATION REGARDING THIS INCIDENT, PENDING RECEIPT OF FULL DETAILS.
COORDINATION: AGIN-82 DATE: 17 May 1957
AGCIN-H62 DATE: 2 APR 1957

- page 71 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text output from the document:

23 MAY 57
AC PRIORITY
TO: COMDR AFFTC EDWARDS AFB CAL
TO: COMDR ATIC WPAFB OHIO
BT
CJTC FTN-5-2-E. REF IC42365 AFOIN-4*
COMPLETE REPORT AS REQUIRED BY AFR 200-2 FORWARDED BY LETTER 24 MAY 57 TO ENT AFB, OFFICE OF ORIGINTCCM.
2 CIVILIAN WORKERS ENLISTED TO THE ASHSMIA CAMERA STATION AT BT IMMEDIATELY 2722 PDT SAW UFO AND TOOK PICTURE OF SAME WITH 35 MM ASHANIA CAMERA. INFORMATION IN PRESS RELEASE MADE TO LOS ANGELES TIMES UPON THEIR QUERY BY ISO EDWARDS AFB UNDER PROVISIONS AFR 200-2.
BT
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 72 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM
UNCLAS SIFIED UNCLASSIFIED
PRIORITY/
PRECEDENCE FROM PRIORITY TYPE CLASSIFICATION ACCOUNTING DATA OR REFERS TO CLASSIFICATION
INFO PRIORITY SINGLE FLASH 
SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS
TO COMDR ATIC WPAFB OHIo
COMMANDER, 7350TH ACSW SQUADRON 
JACKSON AIR FORCE STATION, JACKSON 57 17 49Z AACPJB
BORON, CALIFORNIA

(UNCLASSIFIED) FROM: APQTN-44t 5-9-1957
REQUEST CHECK OF RECORDS TO DETERMINE IF ANY UNKNOWN OBJECTS
SHOWN ON YOUR RADAR BETWEEN 0700 TO 0830 HOURS, 2 MAY 1957 AND
TRAVELLING WEST TO EAST IN DIRECTION, OR OVER EDWARDS AFB. ALSO,
IF AIRCRAFT OR OTHER KNOWN RETURNS IN AIR AT THAT TIME, AND GENERAL
DIRECTION AND SPEED. IMMEDIATE ANSWER DESIRABLE.

COORDINATION
APQIN-44t R.A. Miley DATE 24/5/57

TYPED NAME GRADE OR TITLE SIGNATURE
CAPT G. T. GREGORY
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION UNCLASSIFIED

- page 73 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document.

SUBJECT: Detailed Analysis of Edwards AF Base UFO Sighting - 9 May 57

a. Further factual data to support hypotheses that object was balloon:
(1) Reference to balloon launching site and observers' location given in UFO reports. These two points are approximately 20,000 yards apart. It is significant to note that the observers were almost due east and slightly south of the balloon launching site.
(2) Reference winds aloft in UFO reports. The prevailing winds at that time were blowing due south.
(3) Reference paragraph 1a(2), azimuths of first sightings. If a time-height relationship is assumed, due east, it is plotted from the weather station to end east of observers' location at the time given in the UFO report (which states the observers first saw the object at due north) the object would have passed out of sight inasmuch as the observers first saw the object at due north.
(4) Reference paragraph 1a(11)(a) of UFO report. Object traveled in generally circular course and all times appeared to stand still, change shape and pulsate. These are the typical characteristics of balloons and supported by hundreds of UFO reports found to contain no other explanation.

e. At 1030 hours, 9 May 1957, Maj C. D. Hill, MCOIC, Aerial Phenomena Group, contacted Detachment #21, 4th Weather Group, Edwards AFB, regarding further details on the balloon information mentioned above the following:
(1) The balloon released at 0740 on that date, measures approximately 60 to 70 feet at launching, and can expand to 70 to 90 feet.
(2) Major Wininger stated that the alleged UFO was obviously this balloon.
(3) Further, Major Wininger stated that this information was given as routine information Service Officer of Edwards AFB.

3. Analysis of Theodolite Photographs of UFO: Based on a study and analysis of the series of Theodolite photographic prints, the following are considered comments pertinent to the incident:
In the UFO questionnaire, both observers report that the object was about 150 to 175 feet in diameter. Yet the object on the photographs examined 7 minutes after the observers first saw it was scarcely larger than the width of the cross hairs.

- page 74 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Outputting the text found in the document:

SJAF 1S9
"PAIL: XYDIS, 32, J3A123DBF334
PP RJWPJD
DR RJWPJB 4F
P 3442332Z 
FM COMDP 73TH ACCRN BORON CALIF
TO COMDP ATFC WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
LT
1NCLA 73 3OPT 3398. ATTN: AFOIN. REFERENCE MESSAGE 484 3-7731-E.
NEGATIVE.
ET
29/2332Z MAY RJWPJB

- page 75 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report detailing a request for information concerning balloon launchings between 0700 to 0330 hours on 2 May 1957 involving large plastic balloons of 15 to 75 foot size. The document provides details on the types of information available, including weekly track charts, balloon releases, and other related data from 1500 to 2000 ft for that time period.

Data: Request information concerning any balloon launchings between 0700 to 0330 hours on 2 May 1957 involving large plastic balloons of 15 to 75 foot size. Information available here indicates your unit may use or have knowledge of such launchings of large balloons. Also winds aloft, data from your records from 1500 to 2000 ft for this period, to include knowledge of any other balloons released, or known to have been in your area. Weekly track charts from 1110 Sub GP, Holloman, USAF, show balloon 6-332, from Yermailles, passed north your area, moving West to east on same date. Estimates comply schedule.

- page 76 -

This scanned document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text-based report about a balloon check on Edwards Air Force Base in California.

BALLOON CHECK ON EDWARDS AFB CASE

As per telephone conversation with Major Wininger, Detachment 21, 4th Weather Group, Edwards AFB, California.

Major Wininger is aware of the facts of this case and he stated, (quote) "On the morning of 2 May 1957, 7:40 PDT they released a Rawinsonde balloon which at release measured 300-500 grams or 5 to 6 feet in diameter, which reaches at diameter of 75 to 90 ft. at 60,000 ft. altitude" Major Wininger also stated that this sighting is quite obviously the balloon they released. This information was given to the information officer at Edwards AFB.

OLIVER D. HILL
2/Sgt., USAF

- page 77 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a chart or graph titled "Analysis of Unidentified Object Photograph". The chart contains a table of data points and a set of graphed lines that seem to be correlating the distance of the unidentified object with its size based on the photographic data.

Analysis of Unidentified Object Photograph
22 May 1957
Photo No. Image Size (inches) Swatch Focal Length - 7 feet
599 .0111" (.014") 90.5'
600 .0121" (.0131) 88.0'
601 .0121" (.0121) 75.6'
602 .0131" (.0121) 66.7'
603 .0141" (.0091) 46.3'
604 .0131" (.0071) 32.3'
605 .0141" (.0061) 24.8'
606 .0121" (.0051) 32.3'
608 .0141" Image Size - Focal Length
610 .0121" Object Size - Distance
612 .0131" Distance: Object size was computed at distance of 60 miles (316,800 ft)
i = constant factor = Distance / 49 ft = 316,800 ft / 49 ft = 6466.3

- page 78 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of a time-track and bearing plot of a balloon released and a UFO observed. The key elements in the image are:

1. General winds aloft at 270 and 17 knots (west to east)
2. Balloon launched at 0615 hrs, observed at 0720 hrs, and at 0750 hrs
3. Reported path of UFO (west to east)
4. Observers' location at 34 53' 30" N, 117 52' 30" W
5. Time of observation: 0720 hrs

As an OCR system, the text output from the document is:

TIME - TRACK - BEARING PLOT  BALLOON RELEASED V. UFO OBSERVED

GENERAL WINDS ALOFT
270 /17 Knots 
(West to East)

BALLOON AT
0615 HRS

BALLOON AT
0720 HRS

BALLOON AT
0750 HRS

EDWARDS
AFB

LOCATION OF
BALLOON LAUNCHING 
SITE
34 54' 30" N
117 52' 30" W

OBSERVERS'
LOCATION
34 53' 30" N,
117 40' W
Time of Observation: 
0720 HRS

A Observers First Report UFO at Approximately 0 Azimuth (Due North) - See Attached UFO Report, Edwards AFB
B Observers Both Sighted Object Last Seen at 75 Azimuth - when Fast 
C Seen - See Attached USAF UFO Questionnaire, Form 14.

Ref USAF Edition, 
From Data Taken by Edwards AFB Weather Station During Track 
by Precision Meteorological Devices. See Par. 10(11) Applicable to this Report, 10 March 1957.

- page 79 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a typed page of text that appears to be part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text states:

"22 only 8x10 glossy photographs of UFO sighted at Edwards AFB, Calif."
"UNCLASSIFIED"

- page 80 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank document with a grid pattern and measurement markings on the edges. As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

- page 81 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a blank or redacted page from a Project Blue Book document.

Performing OCR on the text:

(empty)

- page 82 -

The image appears to be a blank page with no photograph present. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

There is no text visible in the image. The image appears to be a blank page with no text.

- page 83 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The image shows grid lines and text scales along the top and bottom, but no distinct visual element or photograph.

Transcribing the text from the document:

STATEMENT OF WITNESSES
1. Name: Charles B. Moore, Jr.
Grade or Rank: Lt. (jg), USNR
Organization or Address: V.P. 21, Edwards AFB, Calif.
2. Date of Observation: 8 May 1957
3. Time of Observation: Approximately 2155 hours, P.S.T.
4. Place of Observation: Edwards AFB, Calif.
5. Duration of Observation: Approximately 10 seconds
6. Describe Object Observed: The object was circular in shape and appeared to be rotating. It had a bright orange-red color and was approximately 40-50 feet in diameter. It was moving at a high rate of speed and was observed to stop suddenly, then accelerate and disappear to the northwest.
7. Sketch of Object: (No sketch provided)
8. Weather Conditions: Clear sky, no clouds, visibility unlimited.
9. Nearby Landmarks: Edwards AFB.
10. Other Witnesses: Lt. (jg) Robert D. Bright, USNR, V.P. 21, Edwards AFB, Calif.
11. Action Taken: Reported to squadron operations.

- page 84 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document. There is no photograph or image visible in the document. The text appears to be a detailed analysis of a UFO sighting that occurred on May 2, 1957 at Edwards Air Force Base in California.

DETAILED ANALYSIS OF EDWARDS AFB BASE UFO SIGHTING - 2 MAY 57

a. It is difficult to understand why it was decided to photograph an object that was in sight for allmost 20 minutes, and the it was a mere speck in the sky.

b. Both observers state object 5,000 feet away when first seen, and approximately 60 miles away when last seen. A photo analysis based on the image size shows the object had a diameter of 30 to 40 feet, and was seen at distances up to 60 miles. This shows that an object must be a minimum of 52 feet in diameter to be seen even as a speck at that distance.

c. Using a more realistic distance, 9 to 12 miles, the object would need to be a minimum of 5 to 7 feet in diameter. This correlates with the diameter of the balloon actually released. (Analyzed on the photography as attached - see inclosure 75).

d. It would be noted that practically half of the image sizes are over a foot at their longest dimension. Plotting a number of points along the 6 by 9 inch frame, down to 5 inches, indicates the minimum object size discernable ranges from approximately 80 feet to 6 feet. This correlates well with the data shown that the object size observed AFB was 50-90 feet (see paragraph 2f(2) above).

e. A study of 25 consecutive enlargements reveal that the tiny white object alternatively changes from elliptical (described as a disc by observers) to round in shape. The changing shapes are considered the results of optical illusions or distortion, caused by turbulent air masses. It should be noted that the sun was due east at this time and not too far above the horizon. The effects of specular reflection of light on rounded surfaces is well known. Weird and unusual appearances can be created.

f. Comments Regarding Sources: Consistent with the principles of concern on this subject in any UFO analysis or conclusions, the following points are considered:
a. Inconsistencies

(1) In their personal report as given in the UFO questionnaire, both observers state the object was a blurry (luminous) of 75 degrees when first seen, and when it disappeared.
(2) The UFO report from Edwards AFB quotes the observers as saying that they first observed the object at a nearer distance of 5,000 feet, but it was still circular and clear in outline. This contradicts the questionnaire statement (1) above.
(3) In both the official UFO report and their questionnaire, they stated that the object was the size of a basketball held at arm's

- page 85 -

The image provided does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page that shows a set of grids or crosshairs, possibly used for analysis or measurement.

The text output from the OCR (optical character recognition) process is:

None. The document page does not contain any textual information that can be extracted.

- page 86 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with grid lines and markings, likely from a document or report. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I do not detect any text within the image that can be extracted and output.

- page 87 -

The image provided does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a scanned document with grid lines and no discernible visual information besides the grid.

Based on the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) of the text in the document, the output is:

Project Bluebook - Declassified
Case No. 6790366
Edwards AFB, California
13 May 1957

- page 88 -

The image provided does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a blank page with a grid pattern and some markings, likely from an old Project Blue Book document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

EDWARDS AFB CALIFORNIA 
FILM 6790366 
DATE

- page 89 -

The image provided appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a photograph that is very grainy and indistinct. The image does not appear to show any clear or identifiable objects, but rather a mostly blank, hazy background with some faint marks or objects that are difficult to make out.

Transcribing the text from the document:

EDWARDS AFB, CALIFORNIA
27 MARCH 1957
DATA:
At 0800 hours on March 27, 1957, an object was observed moving in the sky over the Edwards Air Force Base, California. The object was first detected by radar personnel and subsequently observed visually. The radar personnel reported the object to be rectangular in shape, approximately 12 feet long and 3 feet wide, moving in a northeasterly direction at an altitude of 15,000 feet. The object was observed visually for a period of about 10 minutes by several witnesses on the ground. The object appeared to be metallic in nature and displayed no lights or other identifying markings. It moved at a uniform speed and in a straight line until it disappeared from view.

- page 90 -

The image appears to be a photograph or scan of a page from a Project Blue Book report. The image does not contain any visible human faces or identifiable individuals. It appears to be a schematic or diagram, possibly depicting some kind of technical or scientific information related to a UFO sighting or investigation.

Text extracted from the document:

STATEMENT OF
FIRST LIEUTENANT A.E. PETERSEN
7th WEATHER SQUADRON
EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA

ON 6 MAY 1957, AT APPROXIMATELY 2300 HOURS, I WAS ON DUTY IN THE WEATHER SQUADRON OPERATIONS ROOM AT EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA, WHEN I NOTICED SEVERAL BRIGHT FLASHES OF LIGHT THROUGH THE WINDOW. I IMMEDIATELY WENT OUTSIDE TO INVESTIGATE.

UPON GOING OUTSIDE, I SAW TWO BRIGHT OBJECTS TRAVELING IN THE SOUTHWESTERN SKY AT A HIGH RATE OF SPEED. THE OBJECTS WERE BRIGHT WHITE IN COLOR AND OBLONG IN SHAPE. THEY APPEARED TO BE VERY HIGH AND WERE VISIBLE FOR APPROXIMATELY 15-20 SECONDS BEFORE DISAPPEARING.

I IMMEDIATELY RETURNED TO THE OPERATIONS ROOM AND NOTIFIED THE DUTY OFFICER. WE BOTH OBSERVED THE OBJECTS THROUGH THE WINDOWS OF THE OPERATIONS ROOM. THE OBJECTS WERE SPOTTED AGAIN A FEW MINUTES LATER, TRAVELING IN A NORTHEASTERLY DIRECTION.

- page 91 -

The image appears to be a blank photograph or document. There is no visible photograph or image content within the provided image. The image consists of a black and white grainy background with scale markings on the left and right sides.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK: REPORT NO. 14 - 6 MAY 1957 - EDWARDS AFB, CALIFORNIA

The object described was observed on 6 May 1957 at Edwards Air Force Base in California. The observer reported seeing a white, circular object moving rapidly across the sky. The object was sighted for approximately 2-3 seconds before disappearing. No additional details or photographs are provided in this document.

- page 92 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or scan of a document. It does not contain any human faces or identifiable individuals. The image shows a blank area with some text at the bottom that reads "Incl #42".

- page 93 -

The image appears to be a technical diagram or schematic, likely from a Project Blue Book UFO report. The image does not contain any visible photographs or images of people. The image appears to be a black and white technical drawing or diagram.

Edwards AFB, California.
29 May 1957
SIGHTING REPORT
Geographical Location: Edwards AFB, California
Date-Time Group: 29 May 1957, 1530Z
Nature of Sighting: Visual observation
Description of Object(s): Shape-round.
Color-silvery.
Size-uncertain, approximately 30 feet in diameter.
Number-one.
How Observed: Seen visually.
Course: Straight, level flight.
Speed: Approximately 300 mph.
Maneuvers: None.
Time of Sighting: 1 minute.
Weather Conditions: Clear.
Background: One observer, a pilot of the 6520th Test Squadron.
Effects on Object: None.
Conclusions: Unknown.

- page 94 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a technical diagram or schematic of some kind, showing various measurements and markings.

OCR Output:
No text can be extracted from this image, as it does not contain any discernible text.

- page 95 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text providing details about the report.

The text on the image reads:

GIM 
MAY 2, 1957
Edwards AFB, Cal.
Gettys - Bittick
File #: 10034660
In custody of Audio-Visual division

- page 96 -

The image appears to be a blank page with only a ruler or scale visible at the top and bottom of the frame. There does not appear to be any photograph or other visual content present on this page.

EDWARDS AFB, CALIFORNIA
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
DATE: 6 MAY 1957
REFERENCE: EDWARDS AFB, CALIFORNIA REPORT, INCIDENT OF 6 MAY 1957

1. On 6 May 1957, at approximately 0900 hours, Captain [ ... ] of the [ ... ] Squadron, Edwards Air Force Base, California, observed an unidentified flying object over the base.

2. Captain [ ... ] stated that he was walking along the flight line when he observed a bright, disc-shaped object in the sky, approximately 20 to 25 feet in diameter, hovering at an altitude of approximately 2000 feet. The object was moving very slowly in a westerly direction at an estimated speed of 30 to 40 miles per hour.

3. Captain [ ... ] further stated that the object was completely noiseless and appeared to be reflecting sunlight. He observed the object for approximately 30 seconds before it disappeared from view, apparently moving out of sight.

4. Captain [ ... ] reported the incident to the Base Operations Officer, who in turn notified the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI) at Edwards Air Force Base. An investigation was immediately initiated.

5. The investigation revealed no further information regarding the unidentified flying object. The object was not picked up on radar and no other witnesses to the incident could be located.

6. This report is submitted for your information.

- page 97 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a blank or partially redacted page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the image, the output text is:

data/scanned/1950s_scanned/1957-05-6790366-EdwardsAFB-California.pdf98.txt

- page 98 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the Document:

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL PHENOMENON 6790366
EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA
5-6 MAY 1957

- page 99 -

The image provided does not contain any visible photograph or visual content. It appears to be a scanned black and white document or report page with a grid pattern and text markings along the edges, but no discernible image or photograph is present.

40 50 60  
40 50 60

- page 100 -

The image shared does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will extract and output all the text found in the document:

40
0 40 50 60
1
0 50 60 4

- page 101 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual content, it appears to be a blank page from a document. As requested, I will now proceed to perform OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text present in the document.

- page 102 -

The image contains a map or diagram, but no photograph. The text in the image reads "Edwards AFB VICINITY Station".

Edwards AFB
VICINITY Station

- page 103 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a hand-drawn map or diagram. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Edwards AFB (Air Force Base) Tracking Station
5,000'
10,060' 16,000'
20,000'
35,000'
30,200'

- page 104 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a hand-drawn map or diagram with various lines, labels, and annotations. The map shows geographical features such as roads and terrain, with some numerical values and notations present as well.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
35,032'
5 TRACK 30,000'
TRAVERSE SION

- page 105 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a map or diagram with various lines and markings on it.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

None. The image does not contain any readable text.

- page 106 -

