UFOB INDEX CARD

1. DATE: 6 Nov 57
2. LOCATION: Greensboro, NC
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 07/0125 Nov 57
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Five minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two
9. COURSE: Given
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Two egg shaped red objects seen flying NE for 5 minutes.

11. COMMENTS: Description, duration, flight path indicate that these were probably aircraft.

12. CONCLUSIONS:
- Was Balloon
- Probably Balloon
- Possibly Balloon
- Was Aircraft
- Probably Aircraft
- Possibly Aircraft
- Was Astronomical
- Probably Astronomical
- Possibly Astronomical
- Other
- Insufficient Data for Evaluation
- Unknown

(Bottom of form notes: AISOP Form 5 (15 Oct 54))


- page 1 -

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

1. A brief description of the object(s):
   a. Shape: [illegible]
   b. Size: (Compare with known object) 100 to 200 ft long
   c. Color: Red
   d. Number: ?
   e. Formation (if more than one): Crs in fm nt or other
   f. Any discernible features or details: None

2. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None

3. Sound (if heard, describe sound): None
   i. Other pertinent or unusual features: Continuous Red glow

4. Description of course of object(s):
   a. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): [illegible]
   b. Angle of elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed: 20°
   c. Angle of elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: -15°
   d. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Fwd level
   e. Manner of disappearance of object(s): Jet flow steadily fading
   f. Length of time in sight: 5 min or so

5. Manner of observation:
   a. Use on or any combination of the following items: (Ground-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic. If electronic, specify type of radar:) ground-visual
   b. Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof: None
   c. If the sighting is made while airborne, give type aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station: [blank]

6. Time and date of sighting:
   a. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 2145-5 Nov 57
   b. Light conditions (use one of the following terms): Night, day, dawn, dusk: Night

7. Location of observer(s). Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, or Door of position, or position with reference to a known landmark: [illegible]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

6. Identifying information on all observer(s):
a. Civilian:
NAME: [partially illegible]
MAILING ADDRESS: 1702 W. Fisher St., Greensboro, NC
OCCUPATION: City Clerk

b. Military:
[No information filled in]

7. Weather and winds-aloft conditions at time and place of sighting:
a. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: CLEAR
b. Report from nearest AWS or US Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at: [multiple altitude levels left blank]
c. Ceiling: NONE
d. Visibility: EXCELLENT
e. Amount of cloud cover: NONE
f. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: NONE

8. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting: NONE

9. Interception or identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing air defense directives): NONE TAKEN (REPORT), UNABLE TO VERIFY, NO

10. Location of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting: NONE

11. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s): [partially illegible text]

12. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: [partially illegible text, appears to mention something about "light" and "weeks"]


- page 3 -

