PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
15 November 1957

2. LOCATION
Milroy, Indiana

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 5:30 PM

4. GMT
15/223/57

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
■ Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual
□ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Intercept Radar

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
few seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
S.E.

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object traveling at a tremendous rate of speed, looking like a large ball of fire. It seemed to be white, hot and leaving a trail of what seemed to be sparks. After it passed it seemed to disintegrate completely. The object was about 50 times larger than a falling star.

4. SOURCE
Civilian

11. COMMENTS
From description of object, it was probably a meteor or fireball.

12. CONCLUSION
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
■ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 53)


- page 1 -

Unclassified

Rush

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Location: South Eastern Indiana near Rushville

Date of Sighting: 17 Nov 57
Date of Information: 19 Nov 57

Preparing Officer: Lt Col William H. Parrott
Evaluation: Unknown

Notes: Nones

Subject: "UFO"

Summary:
On Friday 15 November 1957 at 6:30 homes an object was sighted by J. of Milroy, Indiana. The object seemed to be about 6 to 8 ft in diameter and drawing a great deal of speed. It looked like a large ball of fire with sparks flying from it. It seemed to be larger than a flying star and much closer to us. This object was traveling parallel to the ground coming from an easterly direction and hovering, south west. The thing was near or west of State Highway # 3. The object was also seen by fifteen (15) and small age ago five (5).

Distribution:
1 Ltr Hq. Mattox 18 Nov 57
2 Report Hq. Mattox 17 Nov 57
3 Envelope

Distribution:
Original to ACS/TI, INDUSAF
Copy to Comdr, ATIC
Copy to Comdr, ADC

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794. The transmission or revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.


- page 2 -

MILROY, INDIANA
11/15/57

To the Commanding Officer
Air Force Base near Columbus, Ind.

I called long distance to report the object we seen in
the sky talked to a Seargeant Meadows, and told him all
about it.

Did the same thing to the Rushville Republican in Rushville, but when they put an article in the paper they
rot it all wrong.

Sending you this written report just in case Seargent
Meadows didn't take it down right.

Yours truly,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

MILROY, INDIANA

11/17/57

Just to set the record straight on what we actually saw Friday night, I also might add right here that if all the reports of objects seen in the sky rotated and blacked up as much as my report did, it is no wonder the Army can't follow up these leads.

Here is what actually happened. My wife and I parked my truck in the back yard of our home. I stepped out and happened to stand to a place to take a look and saw the object. I called my wife's attention to it and pointed at it.

The object was coming at a tremendous rate of speed, looking like a large ball of fire. It was not falling toward the earth, but traveling parallel to the earth, coming from an easterly direction to a south westerly direction. It seemed to be white hot and leaving a trail of what seemed to be sparks, it traveled just a little past us and then seemed to disintegrate completely. At this point it seemed to just fall apart with the sparks flying in every direction. At this point I looked at my watch and it was 6:30 PM. The total time we seen the object was only a few (second) yet it traveled more than half way across the horizon.

The size of the object was large. It was at least 50 times as large as any falling star I have seen (not 5 miles). To give you another idea of the size. If you would hold a basketball at arms length and at the same time look at the object they would have been of comparable size.

The distance of the object away from us is where my wife and I disagree somewhat. She had the idea that the object was a long ways away looking as large as it did to us. It had to be something like the size of a large airplane. If I had to say that it was close to us, maybe 6? in diameter. To me it looked like it disintegrated somewhat. Where between Milroy and Greensburg maybe to the west of Rd. 3. Of course, if my wife's theory is correct it had to be many miles away.

By the way, I have had two phone calls from other people that seen the same thing. Haven't age 15 and 5 year old boy. I haven't had a chance to talk to them personally yet but want to.

Signed


- page 4 -

