PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
1957

2. LOCATION
South Bend, Indiana

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Multiple

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Multiple

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient data for evaluation

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILES

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
(EXPECT DATES LACKING)
APRIL 6 1966 WEDNESDAY
South Bend, Indiana
1957

DEAR SIR :

AM writing to you in regards to U.F.O. HAVE seen them and resent people saying we are seeing something other then we saw. First one I saw was in 1957 and I was told I was having Hallucinations. Enclosed is information about what I saw.

Truly Yours
Mrs [redacted]

Pictures taken from April 1 LIFE MAGAZINE BOOK

TOLD MY doctor that was working on my back what I saw in 1957 , at that time was having sleeping and was sitting in chair, house is on a low hill and object was below Star Loyal and we have a big overhang roof as we have planes flying over our house thought it was an airplane but thought it would hit our house it was so low. Watching it more closely noticed it was not moving, larger than a star it sent out a sort of glow in and out ,watched for two hours from eleven to two A.M. approximately. when my husband turned lights on the object with tremendous speed headed east I was facing soth have windows agross front room . Following is what I told my Husband and family I saw.

[The rest of the page contains some illegible handwritten notes and markings]


- page 2 -

The text on this page is mostly illegible. There is a black and white photograph at the top of the page showing what appears to be a blurry, elongated object against a dark background. The rest of the page contains scattered dots and faint text that cannot be clearly read.


- page 3 -

Reported to South Bend County Sheriff March 18 following Object east of house quite a distance in the east near Goshen Ind had two parts as it traveled to-gether going lokd from here 6 to eight feet to left than to right down and when it went uf---- up it had terrific speed and seemed to jerk from side to side as it shot up and out of sight.

Monday the 21 st Saw Object around eleven P. M approaching from South turned right. Shortly another came heading west and joined by others did not count as were travelling very smoothly and fast, called county sheriff who came out later. My Son 16 years old and watched this as wll as above. These objets we reported as following: Ovel shaped grashish object with beautiful either flame or light enveloping it like silk in other words an eisle gossemere aperlane looked beautiful and flew smoothly as a fish swimming in creek.


- page 4 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image contains a small dark photograph or image in the top center of an otherwise blank white page. The photograph appears to be very low quality, dark, and grainy, making it difficult to discern any specific details.


- page 5 -

March 21 st. same day as others.called aseriff after police left that some large object flew from east in front of picture window skimmed tops of trees headed soth sme direction o others came from and disappeared as soon as it turned soe. Police asked how high it was told then it was skimming tops of trees asked if they were flying saucers Told him could not tell it was big ,brilliant ruby red and spread out in a bird type with wings like it was objects close to- gether in formation looked solid red till just before heading South a bunch o f red lights flicked on and off could not cou them.


- page 6 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a grainy black and white photograph showing what seems to be an object or shape against a dark background, but the details are very difficult to discern due to the poor image quality.


- page 7 -

March 30 around 10 to 1:30

Two objects watched by son and 15 year old daughter. One moving and changing shapes as though it was more than one and emitting small red was above tree line indistance for about 30 minutes than came down lower than headed west. The other was out west and seemed to be in line with Bendix or airport was in that same spot tillwe had to go to bed too tired. This one was again different in appearance as enclosed drawing

[Note: The bottom half of the page contains some handwritten text that appears to be partially illegible.]


- page 8 -

