PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
7 November 1957

2. LOCATION
Bowling Green, Ohio

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local: 07/2300Z

4. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
■ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar □ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

7. SOURCE
Military

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
not definite

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Brilliant red flashing object that was moving, round and about the size of a pea. Light pulsed similar to that of a lightning bug. No definite flight pattern. No sound, tail or exhaust. Same type obj observed by same person two more times the same evening.

11. COMMENTS
Specific description, maneuvers, characteristics of hundreds of similar reports of balloons observed near dawn or dusk.

12. CONCLUSIONS
■ Was Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
■ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 53)


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF AIR SCIENCE
AFROTC DETACHMENT NO. 620
BOWLING GREEN STATE UNIVERSITY
BOWLING GREEN, OHIO

11 November 1957

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Reporting

TO:   Commander
       Air Defense Command
       Ent Air Force Base
       Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, the following report is submitted which was received by Cadet [redacted], an Air Science Cadet at this detachment.

"On 7 November 1957 at 5:45 P.M. I Cadet [redacted] left the city of Bowling Green, Ohio and proceeded east on Route 6 headed for Clyde, Ohio. As I approached the first 90 degree curve on Route 6, about five miles from Bowling Green, I reduced the speed of my car. Immediately upon coming out of the curve, I saw a brilliant, red flashing object that was moving. Instead of continuing on my way around the next curve, I went straight ahead and stopped my car at a stop sign and proceeded to watch this object. It was dusk outside and the approximate time was about 6:00 P.M.

When first observing the object, which I estimated at about an angle of 35 degrees with the horizon, the sky behind it was white and as it moved upward at an angle of about 45 degrees, it moved into an area where there was black clouds behind it. This is when I noticed the shape of the object. It was round and its size was comparable to that of a pea. The light coming from the object was the most brilliant red I have ever seen. The light seemed to be similar to that of a lightening bug in the respect that it would start out dim and then glow more brilliantly. I observed this intervals between the flashes of light and there appeared to be no definite time between flashes. At times the object would flash with a few seconds interval and at other times the interval between flashes were longer than before.

I then turned my car around and drove to the Golden Lilly, a gasoline station and bar combined, which is located just off the side of the road adjacent to the curve. I went in and asked a couple of fellows if they wanted to see something interesting. Two of them came out and watched the object. I went back in and another only observed it for a short time and went back in. One remained and we watched the object until it was out of sight. After charting my position on a map I concluded that the object was south of my position. The time that elapsed between my first sighting and when it was out of sight was about four minutes. The object did not have any definite flight pattern. No sound could be heard or no tail, trail, or exhaust could be seen, just a brilliant, red flashing light.

I then continued on my way towards Clyde, Ohio on Route 6. About two miles west of Rollersville, I noticed another brilliant, red flashing light, the same kind as before. I was directly east and sighted the object out of


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFROTC Det 620, Bowling Green State University, 11 Nov 57, Subj: Unidentified Flying Objects Reporting

ADODI-B                                                1st Ind                     21 NOV 1957

Headquarters Air Defense Command, Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: AFCIN-4E1, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

RJH

n/o   prr

[Handwritten note in bottom left section, partially legible:]
specie check - to U.S.
director - number we drop
(1) Hny folder, Flt # 35, Rpt
I was in The area / now 52-16
(2) Sgt Rpt check, ANS-WG, Neg
(3) Hq check from 52-16 WG 1978
(4) Hq: check from 52-16 (Nov. Slip)
7 Dec 61 Courier

[Page number "3" appears at bottom of document]


- page 3 -

Ltr, BOSU, Bowling Green, Ohio, 11 Nov 57, Subj: Unidentified Flying
Objects Reporting (Cont'd)

the windshield directly in front of me. The object appeared to be
about 45 degrees at my position with the horizon. It appeared to be
coming downward slowly and to have a definite flight pattern. The
time elapsed before I lost sight of the object due to the light of
oncoming cars. I lost sight of the object and didn't see it again.
From the time of my first sighting the object until I lost sight of
it was about twenty seconds.

I arrived in Clyde, Ohio around 7:00 P.M. I went directly to my
girlfriend's home, which is from the city limits on Route
I went into her house and told her family my experience.

I decided to go back to Clyde and get some oil for my car before
all the gasoline stations closed. As I went out the door, I saw another
one of these brilliant flashing objects. It was very easy to observe
the object because of the darkness of the sky. I ran into the house
and got the whole family; we all went outside and watched the object
and the brilliant, red flashing light coming from it. It seemed to me
that the light was brighter from the top of the object than from the
bottom of it.

When I first noticed the object, it was in a northeastern position
continued north and then proceeded northwest. It did not have any
definite flight pattern but was moving up and down around and about.
There is a Turnpike Plaza three miles northwest of my girlfriend's house
and from the lights around the plaza, I could see the object was a long
way behind the lights and seemed to be heading out towards Sandusky
Bay; the light was still very brilliant. I then directed my line of
vision towards Clyde and saw another one of these objects.

I could see that this one was moving because in my line of sight
was a tree and I observed the object move behind the tree. I would
look at one for a while, lose sight of it and look at the other one.
At times, I turning my head fast enough, could see both of them
flashing. Finally the first one disappeared in what seemed to be clouds
very far away. The second, moving behind the tree, I lost sight of
after about thirty seconds due to the lights from the city of Clyde.
The first object I observed for about three to four minutes.

From my observation, this is to my best of knowledge an accurate
report of my experience."

FOR THE PROFESSOR OF AIR SCIENCE:

[Signature]
JOHN D. SMITH
Captain, USAF
Adjutant


- page 4 -

