The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report document related to a UFO sighting.

DATE - TIME GROUP: 22 MAY 57
LOCATION: Longmont, Colorado
SOURCE: Civilian
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 90 Seconds
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Observation of Object
COURSE: Straight
PHOTOS: No
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The report indicates that an observation of an object was made in 1957. The object was described as unidentifiable and the report was submitted to Project Blue Book.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any information that you provide.

We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 27 July 1957
2. Time of day: 5:15 P.M. (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Personal Address Redacted], City of [City Name Redacted]
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 20 Minutes Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain b. Pretty certain c. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dusk or dawn c. Bright twilight d. Dark
7. If the object was observed during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, was the sun located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In back of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report, containing a questionnaire or form filled out by an observer.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness as of a unidentifiable handling?
(Circle One): a. A star or more away (a distant car?) b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other (specify): --

11. Did the object appear to stand still at any time?
(Circle One for each question): a. Appeared to stand still at any time? Yes - No - Don't Know b. Break up into parts or explode? Yes - No - Don't Know c. Give off a stream or trail? Yes - No - Don't Know d. Change shape? Yes - No - Don't Know e. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes - No - Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something or anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes - No b. Sunglasses Yes - No c. Telescope Yes - No d. Binoculars Yes - No e. Window glass Yes - No f. Other

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The UFO appears to be oblong or elliptical in shape. There are no other photographs present in this document.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Hissing sound
b. Color: Bright silver or aluminum

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The drawing shows an oblong or elliptical-shaped object with no visible wings or protrusions. An arrow is drawn beside the object to indicate the direction of movement.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply defined, c. Oscillating, d. Can't remember

19. IS THERE WORD THAN EXACT SHAPE: 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document does not contain any additional drawings or information beyond what is described in the previous responses.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a form with various questions and handwritten responses.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One): 1. Nickel; 2. Quarter; 3. Half dollar; 4. Silver dollar; 5. Baseball; 6. Basketball; 7. Other
23. (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22): 1. Fairly certain; 2. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could draw or paint a picture of the object which you saw. Describe in your own words a common object or objects which you say would give the same impression as the object or objects which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images, it is a handwritten document. I will now proceed to transcribe the text found in the document.

and to see that was not be it a day when they have the ground that there were some people in the look for some kind of thing that was moving around in the sky and they seem to be moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were moving around in a circle and they were

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. On an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying over an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): 
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast 
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One): Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One):
a. North
b. Northeast 
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One):
a. North 
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North __ degrees.
b. From true South __ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North __ degrees. 
b. From true South __ degrees.

- page 7 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with the instructions to place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it, and a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it.

The second sketch shows a larger sketch of the position of the object, with an "A" and "B" placed on the curved line to demonstrate how the object's position changed. There is also a small sketch showing an object on the horizon.

The text below the second sketch indicates a scale of 170 to 1 on the horizon and a date of 7-6-'56.

As an OCR system, the text extracted from the document is:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.
Scale 170 to 1 
7-6-'56

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with various questions and checkboxes related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

34. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Overcast
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One) 
a. No wind
b. Slight wind
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry, mist, or light rain
b. Moderate or heavy rain
c. Fog
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. WHEN DID YOU REPORT TO SOME OFFICIAL THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT?

36.1 IF YOU ANSWERED "YES", DID THEY SEE THE OBJECT TOO?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 PLEASE LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES:

37. WAS THIS THE FIRST TIME THAT YOU HAD SEEN AN OBJECT OR OBJECTS LIKE THIS?
37.1 IF YOU ANSWERED "NO", THEN WHEN, WHERE, AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES DID YOU SEE OTHERS?

38. IN YOUR OPINION WHAT DO YOU THINK THE OBJECT WAS AND WHAT MIGHT HAVE CAUSED IT?
The answer to this question is handwritten, but it is not visible in the provided image.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a questionnaire or report from Project Blue Book, an Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? __________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? __________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted], [Redacted], [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job? Draftsman
Age: 32
Sex: Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College (Type)
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 25 May 1957

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

Transcription of the text:

an what - may appear a small
a mass light, which was in a
straight line of high speed
bservation. could not be
a normal aircraft with the
naked eye.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book, specifically a letter dated October 14, 1964 from a person at the Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University, addressed to Mr. Hynek.

The text in the document is as follows:

5384 Olde Stage Road
Boulder, Colorado
October 14, 1964

Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Mr. Hynek,

Certainly I remember you and our discussions concerning flying objects. More specifically - our discussion concerning the unusual craft that I observed at my ranch in July 1957. It was either the 27th or the 29th of July.

I will relate the details as best as I can recall. I am no artist, but I hope the enclosed sketches will suffice for your purposes. Should you need a better rendition, perhaps a professional artist could give a better rendering.

In answer to the questions in the third paragraph of your letter: No, I have not come to any further conclusions as to what the craft was. No natural explanation has come to mind, but neither have I attempted to any maintain explanation. In neither the July, 1957 incident or any previous incident that I have seen nothing that even faintly resembled the craft. Neither have I heard of any person in this area who has had a similar experience.

The incident is still quite clear in my mind. I am sure that I saw a craft of a manufactured nature (not a naturally occurring phenomena). The craft made no motions and seemed to float. It did not make any visible air disturbance (vapor trails, smoke, flame, etc.). At no time did I see any figures resembling living creatures aboard, or any indication that the craft might be piloted, possibly operated by remote control.

At the time of the sighting I was raking hay south of my farm house which is located approximately six miles west of Longmont, Colorado. The time of day was around noon. This would have been several hours after I first noticed the craft hovering over the general vicinity.

At first I thought that I was about to see a meteor hit the ground. I stared in disbelief as the object remained in a fixed position and did not move as a meteor would have done. It remained suspended, motionless, for what I would estimate as about fifteen minutes. The craft maintained sort of a rocking motion. It seemed to be a dull light, gray in color, and roughly circular in shape. We called this the "Rabbit Hill" object because it was located over that area.

I stopped the farm work to watch. During the time the craft remained suspended where it had stopped.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

The craft rose vertically several hundred feet in the air, tilted, and accelerated at a tremendous rate of speed in an arc to the south southwest. The craft contained a very shiny metallic surface which reminded me of blue glacier ice. The top of the craft resembled a honeycomb. The craft appeared to be smooth, as if it were covered with some transparent material.

Around the midaction was a band like a scalloped wedding band. The bottom of the craft was also made of a smooth silver looking metal except for some darker areas. The craft appeared darker than the rest of the bottom, but not as dark as the scallops at mid-section. I could see the bottom of the craft rather distinctly and found it rather difficult to sketch.

I estimate the altitude to have been 400 feet above my position, perhaps less. Distance is about one-half mile. Diameter estimated 150-200 feet. Vertical one-fifth of diameter.

Second sighting was a two weeks or so later. The craft did not stay so long, nor was it in the same direction. It left in the time direction. I will look forward to visiting with you on your next trip to Boulder. Also I would be interested in what further information you might have concerning other sightings: Could it be of help in this area?

- page 13 -

The image contains two hand-drawn sketches of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The upper sketch depicts a saucer-shaped object with what appears to be a pattern or details drawn on its surface. The lower sketch shows a simpler, oval-shaped object.

Text Extracted from the Document:

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

1. Date and Time of Observation: 30 June 1957, 0520 hours

2. Location of Observation: Longmont, Colorado

3. Description of Object(s): Witness reports observing two saucer-shaped objects of different sizes in the sky. The objects were extremely bright, almost like a searchlight, and were maneuvering in the sky. They changed directions rapidly and disappeared from sight.

4. Duration of Observation: Approximately 1 minute

5. Weather Conditions: Clear sky, no clouds

6. Witness: Private citizen, adult male, 38 years of age.

7. Remarks: The witness is considered a reliable observer. No further information is available.

- page 14 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or drawing of an oval-shaped object with intricate patterns or markings on the surface. The object appears to be the central focus of the image, taking up a significant portion of the frame.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

LONGMONT, COLORADO, JULY 6, 1957
AT ABOUT 2:45 A.M. MRS. - WAS AWAKENED BY A BRIGHT LIGHT OUTSIDE HER BEDROOM WINDOW. UPON INVESTIGATION, SHE OBSERVED A LARGE, ROUND, LUMINOUS OBJECT HOVERING OVER SOME TREES ABOUT 200 YARDS FROM HER HOME. THE OBJECT HAD NO VISIBLE MEANS OF PROPULSION. IT APPEARED TO BE BETWEEN 30 AND 40 FEET IN DIAMETER. AFTER OBSERVING IT FOR 30 MINUTES, THE OBJECT SUDDENLY DARTED STRAIGHT UP INTO THE SKY AT A TERRIFIC SPEED AND DISAPPEARED FROM SIGHT. THERE WERE NO SOUND EFFECTS ASSOCIATED WITH THE OBJECT. MRS. - IS A RELIABLE PERSON AND HER REPORT IS CONSIDERED CREDIBLE BY INVESTIGATORS.

- page 15 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified aerial object. The sketch depicts an oval-shaped object with a honeycomb-like pattern on its surface. There is also a small aircraft or object depicted in the upper right corner of the image.

6964341
LONGMONT, COLORADO 7-6-57
NATURE OF SIGHTING: Witness observed an oval-shaped object with a honeycomb pattern on its surface. The object was observed for a brief period of time before it disappeared. No other details were provided.
TIME OF SIGHTING: Unspecified
LOCATION OF SIGHTING: Longmont, Colorado
DATE OF SIGHTING: July 6, 1957

- page 16 -

The image contains two hand-drawn sketches of unidentified flying objects. The upper sketch depicts a circular, disc-shaped object, while the lower sketch shows a more elongated, oval-shaped object.

OCR Output:
None

- page 17 -

The image appears to contain a sketch or drawing of an unidentified object. The object is depicted as an oval or elliptical shape with internal details or patterns. There is a vertical line extending from the object. This appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) during the mid-20th century.

Text from the document:

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
ATIC PROJECT BLUE BOOK
CASE NO. 6964341
LOCATION: LONGMONT, COLORADO
DATE: 6 JULY 1957
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

- page 18 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified aerial object. The sketch depicts an oval-shaped object with a hexagonal pattern on its surface, and a vertical line extending from the top of the object.

Transcribing the text from the document:

Longmont, Colorado
7/6/57
- Unidentified, circular, metallic object - 
Hovering, Vertical ascent
Witness: William H. Lamb

- page 19 -

