PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
5 December 1957

2. LOCATION
Mountain Lake, New Jersey

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Log 25247
GMT 06/04572

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual
☒ SOURCE
Retired Military

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
TWO

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One aircraft with tiny yellow flames flickering along loading edge, tail light bright than usual and burned continuously rather than flashing. Another aircraft following several miles behind with usual sound.

11. COMMENTS
Nothing unusual about one aircraft behind another as any U.S. aero chart will show - traffic airways provide for this.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☒ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

COURSE
E-W


- page 1 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Country or Area Reporting: Mountain Lake, New Jersey
Date of Information: 5 December 1957
Date of Collection: 6257
SRI Status: (if applicable)

Headquarters
Mitchell AF Base, New York

Prepared by Individual: Director of Operations, 2500th Air Base Wing, Mitchell AF Base, N.Y.

Date of Report: 10 December 57

Routing: Retired

Subject: (Descriptive title, use individual reports for separate subjects)

SUMMARY (Give summary which highlights the salient factors of narrative report. Begin narrative text on AF Form 112a)

Attached letter from Retired, 12 New Jersey, is forwarded for any investigation of action you deem necessary.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

MARTHA G. O'TOOLE
Captain, USAF
Adjutant

Handwritten notes on bottom right of page:
1. Not a UFO
2. Two a/c les.
Circled

Distribution:
ADC: Original to ACS/G, HEADQAF
Copy to Comdr, ADC
Copy to Comdr, ADC

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

New Jersey,
6 December 1957.

Commanding Officer,
Mitchell Air Force Base,
Long Island, New York.

Unidentified Object

Dear Sir:

Last night at 2357 houres, I was standing outside near my house at above address. I was amazed to see an airplane approaching from the east, making no sound, and with the entire wingspan looking as if continuous tiny yellow flames were flickering along it. The tail light was somewhat brighter than most tail lights, and burned continuously rather than flashing. Based upon a comparison with 4-engine airliners, the aircraft seemed to be about the same size, and cruising at maybe 250 MPH ground speed at an altitude of 5,000 feet or thereabouts.

Several miles behind this airplane a conventional airplane followed, that I assumed was an airliner at though it very likely was a military airplane having some connection with the mystery plane. This plane was flying at about the same speed and altitude, and in about the same direction. Both planes disappeared to the most. The noise of the supposed airliner was just what would be expected, in contrast the the other plane was not due to my deafness.

I am naturally puzzled, because of my many years of Air Force piloting, and my present connection with aviation that includes a lot of traveling as an airline passenger.

Are you able to enlighten me in any way on this subject, even if it is only to tell me that it involves a classified project about which you cannot furnish information? Your reply will be greatly appreciated.

Yours very truly,

[Signature]

P.S. A friend was with me when we both saw this. Neither of us had been drinking!


- page 3 -

