PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 9 November 1957

2. LOCATION: Lake City, Missouri

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local ______ GMT 09/0700Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (checked)

5. PHOTOS: X No

6. SOURCE: Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: not given

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one

9. COURSE: not given

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Observer was driving his automobile from his place of employment to his home when he observed an object hovering about 50 ft off the ground. The object was oval in shape. As observer approached the object the engine of his auto died and would not function again until the object moved on.

11. COMMENTS:
This sighting was 3rd hand information with very little information available to base evaluation.

12. CONCLUSIONS:
(All boxes appear unchecked)

(Bottom of form shows ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

United States Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Investigation
707 United States Court House
Kansas City, Missouri

November 14, 1957

District Commander
District No. 17
Office of Special Investigations (OSI)
U.S. Air Force, Offutt Air Base
Omaha, Nebraska

Dear Sir:

On November 12, 1957, Master Sgt., Unit Supervisor of Personnel, Lake City Arsenal, Lake City, Missouri, advised it has been brought to his attention that one [redacted] who resides on [redacted], Blue Springs, Missouri, saw an unidentified flying object near the Pork Hill Grocery store, south of Lake City Arsenal about 1 a.m., November 5, 1957.

[redacted]'s observation to his wife explained the story of his observation at Lake City Arsenal, and stated that her husband did not intend to report his observations because no one would believe him.

Allegedly, [redacted] was driving his automobile from his place of employment, somewhere in Kansas City area, to his home when he observed the unidentified object hovering about fifty feet off the ground. The object was oval in shape, as near as he could describe, the engine was without turbine and would not function again until the object moved on.

No additional inquiry or investigation is being conducted concerning this matter by this office.

[Handwritten notes on right side of document are partially illegible]


- page 2 -

This is being furnished for your information and any action deemed necessary by your office.

Very truly yours,

[Signature block partially illegible, appears to read "Special Agent in Charge"]

-4-


- page 3 -

