PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
22 March 1957

2. LOCATION
Trinidad

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2018
GMT 23/0003Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XR Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Maneuvered

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object appearing as a solid with red light on top, yellow light on left and green light on right flex over valley with appearance of hovering and changing speed. Speeds to 120 mph.

11. COMMENTS
As a/c approaches or goes away from observer while in varied maneuvers it will appear to stand still. Nothing in letter to indicate that this was anything other than a light a/c flying over the city. Speeds, maneuvers, lights, duration and general description consistent with this analysis.

12. CONCLUSIONS
■ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction are you moving?(Circle One)
a.North b.South c.East d.West e.Northeast f.Southeast g.Southwest h.Northwest

28.2 How fast were y u moving? Knots/miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking
at the object? (Circle One) Yes. No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the
object?(Circle One)
a.North b.East c.South d.West
b.Northeast d.Southeast e.Southwest h.Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you first lost
the object?(Circle One)
a.North b.East c.South d.West
b.Northeast d.Southeast e.Southwest f.Northwest

31. If you are familiar with the true horizon, try to estimate the number of degrees above the horizon from true North, and also the number of degrees if it was
upward from the horizon.

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 20 degrees
b. From horizon 28 degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 150 degrees
b. From the horizon 50 degrees

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw
the object?

34.1 CLOUDS(Circle One)
a.Clear sky
b.Hazy
c.Scattered clouds
d.Thick or heavy clouds
e.Don't remember

34.2 WIND(Circle One)
a.No wind
b.Slight breeze
c.Strong wind
d.Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER(Circle One)
a.Dry
b.Fog, mist, or light rain
c.Moderate or heavy rain

34.4 TEMPERATURE(Circle One)
a.Cold
b.Cool
c.Warm
d.Hot


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

When and to whom did you report to some official that you had seen the object?

This is the first report of Month and Year: now quite difficult to read

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses.
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) YES NO

37.1 If you answered YES, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see the other ones?
[Partially illegible handwritten response]

38. In your opinion what does the shape, the object, and what was the object, and what might have caused it?
[Partially handwritten response, mostly illegible]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. If estimated or calculated, give method of deduction. Method: used of circle triangle, visible length.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and about arms length?
(Circle One): a.Head of a p in
b.Pea
c.Dime
d.Nickel
e.Quarter
f.Half dollar
g.Silver dollar
h.Baseball
i.Grapefruit
j.Basketball
k.Other

22 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer in above line)
a.Certain
b.Fairly certain
c.Not very sure
d.Uncertain

23. How did the object, or objects disappear from view? [Handwritten text that is partially illegible]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

7. If you saw the object during _______, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a.In front of you   d.To your left
               b.In back of you   e.Overhead
               c.To your right    f.Don't remember

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DUSK, what did you notice, concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):           8.2 MOON (Circle One):
     a.None                             a.Bright moonlight
     b.A few                            b.Dull moonlight
     c.Many                             c.No moonlight-pitch "l"
     d.Don't remember                   d.Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a.Yes   b.No   c.Don't remember

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
    (Circle One): a.A mile or more away (distant car)?
                  b.Several blocks away?
                  c.A block away?
                  d.Several yards away?
                  e.Other _______

11. Did the object:
    a.Appear to stand still at any time?
    b.Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
    c.Break up into parts or explode?
    d.Give off smoke?
    e.Change brightness?
    f.Change shape?
    g.Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

    (Circle one for each question)
    a.Yes No Don't know
    b.Yes No Don't know
    c.Yes No Don't know
    d.Yes No Don't know
    e.Yes No Don't know
    f.Yes No Don't know
    g.Yes No Don't know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

(Circle One): Yes NO Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: as it hovered

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes NO Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a.Solid? b.Transparent c.Don't know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of theeanything?
If so, "what? By naked eye

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object
a.Sound: Engine was hummed by engine or engine
b.Colour: yellow, green, red light

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label the and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially a exhaust, trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction in which the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with colored light annotations: Red Light at the top, Yellow Light on the left, Green Light on the right]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a.Fuzzy or Blurred
b.Like a bright star
c.Sharply outlined
d.Don't remember

Other: Fairly sharp, cloud against a blue sky

19. [Text is cut off or illegible]

20. [Text is cut off or illegible]


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used as confidential research material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications long-without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Day 3 Month 9 Year 1957
   Time of day: 20:18 hrs. (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

2. Time Zone:
   (Circle One) a. Eastern   (Circle One) b. Daylight
               b. Central             c. Standard
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other TRINIDAD

3. Where were you when you saw the object?
   Port of Spain, TRINIDAD
   First Fist Addr. City of Port of Spain, State/Country
   Additional remarks: Traveling to look out from N/S Berths (N.W.) sky with clouds

4. Estimate how long you saw the object: 5 minutes

4.1 Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
    a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

5. What was the condition of the sky?
   (Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a moon
                b. Dull daylight     e. Other
                c. Overcast


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten response appears to be partially illegible, but seems to read:]
Believe 50 or 100 ft. in diameter
about 10 or 15 ft. thick in center
[Remainder of response is difficult to fully decipher]

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other [handwritten: in P/Spring lawn]

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other [handwritten: in a landing ground]

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

[Handwritten response begins:]
I was turning & to dashboard. went back...
[Rest of response is partially illegible]

28. [Partially cut off, incomplete text visible]


- page 8 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
110 to 120 m.p.h. then cut-run

41. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you
the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, how far away would you say it was?
1320 to 2640 feet.

44. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME
Last name First name Middle name

ADDRESS c/o British Guiana Rice Development Corp.
92 GEORGE BWNT, B.G.

TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job?
Age Sex MALE
Please indicate any special educational training that you
have had.
Council school etc. scholarship to boarding
Grammar school

42. Date you completed this questionnaire.
25 ft 3 March 1957


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

When and you reporting to some official that you had seen the object?

This was the first incident.

Day of Month and Year: (partially illegible)

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses.
Unable to do so. Does not wish to involve others. A matter of being concerned.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered YES, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see the other o eses?
(text is partially illegible)

38. In your opinion what was the object, and what might have caused it?
Seems to be a luminous object of P.A.F. and could have been to investigate the unknown with the altitude and cliff area.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving?(Circle One)
a.North b.East c.South d.West
b.Northeast d.Southeast f.Southwest h.Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? Rd 10 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking
at the object? (Circle One) Yes. No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw
the object?(Circle One)
a.North b.East c.South d.West
b.Northeast d.Southeast f.Southwest h.Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you first saw
the object?(Circle One)
a.North b.East c.South d.West
b.Northeast d.Southeast f.Southwest h.Northwest

31. If you are familiar with these locations
try to estimate the number of degrees the object was
from true North, and also the number of degrees, if any,
moved from the horizon.

31.1 When it first appeared:
a.From true North 270 degrees
b.From horizon 20 degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a.From true North 150 degrees
b.From the horizon 50 degrees

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw
the object?

34.1 CLOUDS(Circle One)
a.Clear sky
b.Hazy
c.Scattered clouds
d.Thick or heavy clouds
e.Don't remember

34.2 WIND(Circle One)
a.No wind
b.Slight breeze
c.Strong wind
d.Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER(Circle One)
a.Dry
b.Fog, mist, or light rain
c.Moderate or heavy rain

34.4 TEMPERATURE(Circle One)
a.Cold
b.Cool
c.Warm
d.Hot


- page 11 -

