PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 August 1957

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1953

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
few seconds

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Two maneuvering brilliant lights about
like the showers from a sky rocket if
two were separated from the rest. The
lights held a steady intensity.

2. LOCATION
Severna Park, Md

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
■ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
two

11. COMMENTS
Objects were seen near an area
of known air operations activities,
which is scanned 24 hrs a day by
radar. No other report of anything
unusual. It is concluded that obj
was a/c reflecting sun's slant
rays.

9. COURSE
NNE

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
■ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
■ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

HEADQUARTERS
1001ST AIR BASE WING, MEDCOM
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ANDREWS AFB, WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

OCT 1 1957

WOF-1

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Commander
Air Defense Command
Ent Air Force Base
Colorado

1. The enclosed statements, relative to a sighting of unidentified flying objects, are forwarded in accordance with Air Force Regulation 200-2.

2. A detailed report, as outlined in Air Force Regulation 200-2, is not being submitted due to the time lapse between sighting, 14 August 1957 and receipt of these statements by this headquarters 26 September 1957.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
RICHARD M. WEST
Major, USAF
Adjutant

3 Incls:
1. Statement - Mrs [redacted]
2. Statement - Mr [redacted]
3. Statement - Reverend [redacted]

1st Ind             8 OCT 1957

Headquarters, Air Defense Command, Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: AFOIN 424,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

3 Incls
w/o

[Additional handwritten notes at bottom of page]


- page 2 -

Severna Park, Md.                                                August 15, 1957

Commander 1401 Airbase Wing
Attn: AOF - 1
Andrews Air Force Base
Camp Springs, Maryland

Subject: Two maneuvering brilliant lights sighted in the sky on August 14, 1957 at 7 minutes to 8 in the evening over Severna Park, Maryland at 7:53'

Mrs. [redacted] and myself were taking an evening stroll around the block with the children and had stopped at the new house on Hatton Drive to talk for a few minutes. Dot, my wife, had some ground to the side of the house to talk through the window to Mrs. [redacted] who was not feeling well and was talking about some of my work when I noticed that ie was looking intently over my shoulder into the distance. I turned around to look but didn't see anything and asked what it was. He said that he was watching two lights travelling across the sky but that they had disappeared behind a light thin cloud which was alone in the sky and was nearly overhead. It was still very bright, no stars were showing. One sky was all clear daylight blue except for one wisp of a thin cloud.

The lights had completely disappeared but we kept on scanning the sky for about a half minute. Sid said that he had now developed so many spots that he doubted if he would be able to find them again. Before scanning the sky, I had been looking down into the baby carriage which was dark inside and then when looking up into the bright sky noticed that I also had little circles and dots moving in my vision. However, we both suddenly saw a [illegible] appear again to the violently or the cloud and then it was followed by a second one. There was no additional information for the usual pattern vision effect. It was a [illegible] as a magnesium flare. We called Dot to come look and she tried then up immediately. While watching one of us asked if the reflection of sunlight from a place could possibly be that bright and while waiting and judging the light all of us agreed that it was much brighter than that. There was no sound, no trail, no smoke, only the very brilliant balls of light. They were between east and north-east direction and about 50 to 70 degrees up from the horizon.

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The first one seemed to come down to what I guess may have been about 10,000 feet. The second one was in about a 45 degree angle. While doing so a second one appeared behind and on the port side. These, I guess, were like fighter planes or something like that. They moved up fast, about like fighter planes. Then the first one went up and both seemed to go up rapidly and disappear. The 11 PM did not blink but held stationary intensely. I could not tell whether they were spherical or flat; they looked round, about like the showers from a court of jury size or two. A little fire elements could be separated and maneuvered but they were much brighter and were seen in broad daylight.

They both came down again, the second one in position following the first. One and again proceeded in the north direction for I guess about 2 or 3 degrees of arc and then went straight up to disappear.

I am not sure whether they appeared a third time or not. I went into the house to report the sighting and I think that they were in view when I went in. After getting the Baltimore operator sue suggested the ARDC and I reported the incident to the Duty Officer there.

Very truly yours,

Lt. [redacted] at Andrews requested that this report be accompanied by some personal information so that the authenticity of the report can be evaluated.

I am 35 years old, a registered professional engineer in the State of Maryland, at present doing consulting work as a private practice. I was in the Ordnance Department during World War II. Graduated from Lehigh in mechanical engineering, have a master's degree from Cornell in mechanical engineering, and three years of advanced graduate study at Hopkins mostly in aerodynamics. Employed by the Bureau of Aeronautical experiments at Forest Grove Station (APL) with Princeton Calco, Hercules Powder, Chance Vought with high heat release rates. From burner test tall pipes. Miles employed by the Ballistics Research Laboratory was in Pittsburgh (1950) and witnessed a solid fuel burner test (more details not legible).

The limits that I saw in the sky can only be described to be like the solid fuels burning in flight. The tail jet combustion seemed to be about like the solid fuels.

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page are partially illegible]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Severna Park, Md.

COMMANDER 1401 AIRBASE WING
Attention: AOF - 1
ANDREWS AIR FORCE BASE
CAMP SPRINGS, MARYLAND

20 September 1957

SUBJECT: Sighting of two unidentified flying objects in sky on 14 August 1957
at 7:53 pm (Daylight Saving Time) from Severna Park, Maryland.

- As a minister I am accustomed to believing on evidence I consider suffi-
cient and I have heretofore become used to seeing along good many naturally with
those who have had more rigid scientific training and consider it their duty
to suspend all decision till all the facts are in hand. When my friend and
member of my congregation, was explaining some of the most clear-thinking
clerical mind some of the difficulties involved in building the reactors for
the new atomic-powered merchant ship, he was leaning against my car, parked
in our drive, and I was sitting on the curb looking up at him intent on ab-
sorbing this information outside my field. He was just discussing the possi-
bilities of some of the newer metals, which can withstand up to 2500 degrees
fahrenheit, when I saw in the sky two large brilliant lights. Instinctive-
ly I knew no explanation outside my field. That particular night was evening
when the sky was still perfectly light. Half joking because of my full ex-
pectation of skepticism on the part of my scientific friends, but instinctively
feeling I was correct in saying its, I exclaimed, "Hey, there's a couple of
flying saucers!"

I have never before seen "flying saucers" but having read of so many eight-
eenth century accounts of strange lights in the sky, which could not be identified
by conventional aircraft, and by a number of people who need not be considered
incapable of knowing they saw what they saw, I knew of no other conclusion to
come to, whether at the first impulse or on deliberate consideration. My
engineer friend turned immediately, saying, "Wherever I tried to point out to
him but by the time has had focused in the right direction the two lights,
which had been flying smoothly in formation in a northerly direction, disap-
peared behind a thin, high wispy cloud. My friend ran into the house to call
his wife, and we all three gazed up in the sky a little north of where I had
sighted the lights. In a moment they reappeared, this time one above the other
rather than in the horizontal formation in which I had first spotted them.
One dropped fast as though looping and then climbed fast. The other repeated
the same maneuver and then both climbed out of sight behind the high, distant
clouds.

My friend in the accompanying statement gives the approximate
direction in which the three of us sighted the lights, the angle to the hori-
zon and other details. I would substantiate what he has recorded.

For whatever interest it may be in checking my reliability as a witness, I
am a minister 38 years of age, and my sanity can be checked with
members of my church and community and the members of Baltimore of Ray.

Respectfully submitted,
[Signature/Name Redacted]
Pastor, [Church Name Redacted]


- page 5 -

Aug. 30, 1957

Dear Sir:
I too saw the "objects" in
the sky on Aug. 14th there.
The incident very
fell. I saw them only once, but
they were the highest objects
I'd ever seen to the sky.

This a 35 yr. old housewife
who formerly thought such things
as flying planes might be
imaginary.

Yours truly,
[Signature blacked out]

Incl 21


- page 6 -

Memo for File
(Briefing many lights" Case)
Case Incident: 14 Aug 1957, Severna
Park Maryland. Observer: Mr. & Mrs.
and Rev.

1. The following comments are considered
pertinent:

a. The question may be asked bluntly:
"Just what is it that these people actually
saw?"

b. Although helpful perhaps, and with due respect
to the light-reported scene - all that was seen
of light! The actual size, shape, configuration
not in details given; just maneuvering
of lights.

c. Under such circumstances, it very odd
that there be an implicit assumption that
there may be something mysterious, similar
or unreal. There is only
response to "flying saucers" valid, where
the saucer or close shape was seen by
and in only "lights". The seeming mysterious
explanation sometimes in the general cult "might"
(Cedar Hills, Olathe, Kans - report by us not else,
facts, or story) is the case again is possibly


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

2. A chart plot indicates that (from the United States) the object was seen near or on an arc of known air operations.

3. Check with Radar units (which show that now 24 hours a day). Airline and military aircraft, got observed facts, and status in the area - show no one observed a UFO = that case with 2 hours of that time.

4. Conclusions: See Special Recall Report, prepared by Douglas Co. in respect of Air Force Eval. Rpt. in matter @ see file 15 Aug 1956, particularly the photographs.

2. (text appears partially illegible)

3. Drawn repeatedly at short rays of getting sun aspect of geologic routes in Dimensional flight of course with notes.

4. Anyway well in that area.

(AIRCRAFT)


- page 8 -

