PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
November 1957

2. LOCATION
Kaisong, Korea

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 0830
GMT: 05.20'52

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Visual ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Military

6. PHOTOS
☐Yes
☒No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Blue white flash, a light developing into reddish glow, until it fades. On 5 Nov 57, similar for 10 minutes, on 6 Nov 57, similar for 30 minutes.

11. COMMENTS
Significant that object was observed, approximately 25 U.S. military observers. Observed 30 sec. for assistance of trail for 30 minutes is uncertain; however, it is possible to indicated by additional sightings.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐Was Balloon
☐Probably Balloon
☐Possibly Balloon
☐Was Aircraft
☐Probably Aircraft
☐Possibly Aircraft
☒Was Astronomical Meteor
☐Probably Astronomical
☐Possibly Astronomical
☐Other:
☐Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Subject: (UNCL) Possible Indications of Aircraft or Missile Activities in Communist Korea

TO: AFCIN-4F3                 FROM: AFCIN-4F2                 DATE: 6 Feb 1958 COMMENT NR 2
        AFCIN-4F4                                             AFCIN-4F2&b/Mr Rohn/ Mr Shew/nld
                                                               54264/6921h/Bldg 263/Rm A-1 & A-3

1. AFCIN-4F2 generally concurs with report by Hq. I Corps, with following exceptions:

    a. Consistent waviness description of trail indicates that its source had motion.

    b. Unless the one observer (Pvt Daily) was located "behind" the ridge, the flash could not have occurred as high as indicated by paragraph 3c, and 9b. (As expressed in par 3c, the estimation of an altitude quantity without some size reference cannot be accomplished with any degree of accuracy, even by observers trained in this function.)

    c. Par 3k indicates that the occurrence was not noted in other areas, and therefore was so localized that it must have been at a low altitude.

    d. Insufficient specific mention was made, but it can be presumed that it was not a pistol (or other type) flare because the observers should have been familiar with them.

    e. PFC Johnson said it disappeared behind a cloud, which may mean beyond the cloud (in distance) as well as above it (in altitude).

    f. Johnson said he couldn't say that the trail was connected with the light; PFC Brown said the length of the trail grew, faded at one point, and reappeared at another. These descriptions are consistent with a vapor trail appearing at a distance downstream from the source of a heated air stream, and fading as the source passes through a local area where temperature and humidity are incompatible with vapor formation.

    g. Par 3k disagrees with Johnson's statement that it moved from his right to left (north to south). Johnson appears to have been particularly observant, and specific in his report.

    h. The luminescence of the trail could be due to the low position of the moon; other color reports (par 3e) may provide the best clue to identification of the source object, such as whether it was a ground-launched rocket or missile, or something else.

2. The flash as reported was too bright to be associated with afterburner re-light. The magnitude of the flash appears to have been consistent with a flare for night photography. These flares often leave a trail and give the appearance of moving at a high velocity.

2


- page 2 -

Subject: (UNCAP) Possible Indications of Aircraft or Missile Activities in Communist Korea
COMMENT NR 2 (contd)

3. There is nothing in this report to indicate the presence of a high-speed, high-altitude aircraft.

1 Incl
n/c

WILLIAM O. PARRIOR
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-4P2

The bottom of the page is marked with the number "3".


- page 3 -

SUBJ: (U//FOUO) Possible Indications of Aircraft or Missile Activities in Communist Korea

TO: ACIA-164                     FROM: AEIU-Y2                     PAGE 1 OF 2
                                                                    ATCH: 1/26
                                                                    TAIN/F/16 26

1. The described phenomena cannot be positively identified from a ballistic standpoint. Several Soviet ballistic missile launches were known of recently. Some have characteristics of ICB3 type vehicles, that is to say devices having velocities on the order of 20,000 ft/sec, would occur at an altitude of 50,000 to 120,000 feet by ending on the area of the entry body. The excerpt points out that if the object would be very bright, estimated 10 times as luminous as a full moon; however, it is not known if a vapor trail would be left behind unless some publication of the body occurred such as to leave a trail of ionized gas which may remain luminous for a short period of time. No deviations of the trajectory flight path, such as waverings, is anticipated in present state-of-the-art entry bodies. The waviness described in the report is not well understood. It is not vertical.

2. Based on late information and speculations, it is estimated that in all probability, Soviet ballistic missile will be launched from the area of Kapustin Yar or from some other location. Geographically Kapustin Peninsula. It is not possible to identify that the missile was launched from this area, although it is noted that it is a long-range ballistic device.

3. [Text partially illegible]

1 Incl
1/c

[Signature of Chas E. Logan Major]
for: JAMES G. RODES
    Lt Colonel, USAF
    Acting Chief

[Handwritten note at bottom: "not passed outside"]


- page 4 -

UNCLASSIFIED

COORDINATION:
AFGIN-4
AFGIN-4X4

LETTER, 9 Jan 58, Subj: (U) Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)
1st Ind 484/Capt G.T. Gregory/wm/GO216

ATC TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, 
Ohio

TO: Commander, Fifth Air Force, ATTN: 5 FTIT, APO 925, San Francisco, 
California                                27 FEB 1958

1. In accordance with paragraph 3 of basic correspondence attached, a detailed evaluation of IR-7-57, accomplished on prescribed AF Form 164b.

2. Reference is made to paragraph 2 of basic correspondence. Also attached is copy of the original inclosures for your file and retention.

3. This indorsement is unclassified.

FOR THE COMMANDER

N.K. Gilbert
H.K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

1 incl - Incl 1
        Incl 2
AF Fm 112b (wtg)

[Bottom of page has routing and file classification markings]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 5 -

5FTI

SUBJECT: (U) Unidentified Flying Object (UFOB)

TO: Director
Air Technical Intelligence Center
ATTN: AFCIN-4A
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

9 JAN 1958

1. Transmitted for your information is a copy of IR-7-57, dated 12 December 1957, prepared by the 314th Air Division, concerning an UFOB sighted on 5 November 1957.

2. Since only one copy of the IR was obtained, this office does not have a file copy.

3. Request an evaluation of IR-7-57 be forwarded to this office.

4. When Enclosure 1 is withdrawn or not attached, the classification of this correspondence will be changed to UNCLASSIFIED.

1 Incl:
Cy of IR-7-57 Bk. 19
1/4 Dec 57, w/25 Photos
Attachments thereto

JACK S. ZEIGLER
Lt Colonel, USAF
Director, ATIC
DCS/Intelligence

Copy furnished:
PAGAF ATLO (AFCIN-A)


- page 6 -

Ltr, 9 Jan 58, Subj: (U) Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)
AFCIN-4E4                                     1st Ind                     484/Capt G.T. Gregory/wm/69216

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

TO: Commander, Fifth Air Force, ATTN: 5 FITI, APO 925, San Francisco, California

1. In accordance with paragraph 3 of basic correspondence attached is a detailed evaluation of IR-7-97, accomplished on prescribed AF Form 1420.

2. Reference is made to paragraph 2 of basic correspondence. Also attached is copy of the original inclosure for your file and retention.

3. This endorsement is unclassified.

FOR THE COMMANDER

2 Incl                                                                     H. K. GILBENT
n/c (Cy Nr. 1)                                                             Colonel, USAF
Added 1 incl - incl 2                                                      Deputy for Science and Components
2. AF 55 IR (trip)

[Bottom of page has some handwritten notes that are partially illegible]


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

1st Ind (u)
Investigation of UFO Sighting 060576 November 1957 (c)

HQ 5th AF Corps (GROUP), AFO 358, 13 November 1957

TO: A/C of S, G2 Eighth, United States Army, APO 301

1. Forwarded. It is believed that this report might be of interest to ATIC/DCS.

2. This indorsement in and of itself is UNCLASSIFIED.

GEORGE W. AUX
Col. GS
AC of S, G2

2nd Ind (u)
HQ UNITED STATES ARMY, APO 301, 15 November 1957

[Rest of the text is partially illegible due to poor image quality]

At the bottom of the document, there are some classification and date markings that are partially obscured.


- page 8 -

HEADQUARTERS I CORPS (GROUP)
Office of the Assistant Chief of Staff, G2
APO 358

1 November 1957

SUBJECT: Investigation of UFO Sighting 060500 November 1957

TO: Assistant Chief of Staff, G2
I Corps (Group)
AFO 358

1. At 0900 hours, 7 November 1957, Major North visited the HQ Company, 1st Cavalry Division, and interviewed 19 persons who observed an unidentified flying object at 0500 on 6 November 1957.

2. Visibility in this area at this time: According to all observers, the sky was good. A full moon was just setting. Closest to 060500 (ST) was the local time, it was beginning to break. (Sunrise 0603½ (ST))

3. The observations are as follows:

a. On 6 November 1957 at some point west of the 1st Cavalry Division area, at a very high altitude, probably higher than 10,000', or perhaps some considerable height.

b. That the flash of light generally described as some illuminating flash over area or sky area.

c. That no observer was prepared to estimate with any good confidence the altitude of the light.

d. That the bright light lasted from 2 to 4 seconds, generally consistent with this.

e. That the light on burning out late - a small, which according to some, seemed to be fading or changing (an arc) near some, describe the trail as luminescent and as greenish white.

[Illegible markings and stamps at bottom of document]


- page 9 -

CIGT
SUBJECT: Investigation of UFO Sighting 060500 November 1957

1. That the "trail" or streamer remained visible for a long 5 minutes, according to a few observers, up to 30 minutes.

2. That according to many observers, the trail/streamer lost its initial luminosity in 10 seconds, was great in width. Several describe it as an arc and some with a zig-zag in it, but generally horizontal to the earth.

3. That according to many observers, immediately after the occurrence, wildlife, particularly pheasants, took flight and produced various other signs of their presence in the brush.

4. That practically all observers saw falling star and several times regularly in the course of their observations.

5. That no observer saw any object connected with the trail.

[The bottom portion of the text becomes increasingly illegible, with some words and phrases difficult to make out clearly.]

6. Attached herewith is an excerpt which shows the summary of observations. Those in red were made about 25 hours after the sighting, as indicated by blue lines.

7. An inquiry was made to other units in the 1st ROK Army, Division and 1st ROK-Division, however no further information was received.

The document appears to be a military report about a UFO sighting, with observations about a visible trail or streamer in the sky.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

CICT
SUBJECT: Investigation of UFO Sighting 050500 November 1957

8. All observers were questioned as to the angular height of the "flash" or the "trail". Most observers indicated about 45° angle. Several, however, indicated some 65°-70° angle.

9. Conclusions:
    a. That the "flash" occurred as generally reported over in line generally west of the 19th Infantry Regiment.

    b. That in view of the lack of accompanying or following sound, the almost parallel lines of sight as shown on the attached overlay, the vertical angles of sight, and the distance between the points of observation (12 miles in one instance), that the "flash" occurred at a very high altitude and that this altitude was probably in excess of 50,000 feet.

    c. That not enough accurate information is available or can be obtained from sources presently known which will permit one to determine the exact point of origin.

    d. That present information is insufficient to permit identification of the object causing the flash.

[The rest of the page contains a list of reports/names which are partially illegible due to image quality]

The document is dated 7 November 1957 and appears to be a military investigation report about a UFO sighting.


- page 11 -

KAISONG, KOREA

At approximately 500 A.M., 8 November 1957, 19 men located in the demilitarized zone of Korea saw a brilliant flash of light in the western sky. The flash was described as blue-white, developing into a red-orange trail of flame, also ranging from 1 inch to 12 inches wide and held at arm's length. The flash was visible from 1 second to 5 minutes, varying with observers. A trail of smoke, which was similar to a jet vapor trail, was seen behind the flash, or trail of flame, and was visible for as long as 20 minutes.


- page 12 -

CJCJ
CIRCUIT: Investigation of UFO Sighting 060500 November 1957

10. Report, ACCOSTA, Jorge A., PFC, RA 12514323.
11. Report, JOHNSON, Billy W., PFC, RA 52424317.
12. Report, DENTON, Charles E., PFC, RA 14596333.
13. Report, PLSST, Charles W., Sgt, RA 15200950.
14. Report, WASSERY, Edward T., Sp/3, RA 5121632.
15. Report, HAACK, Allan H., PFC, RA 55575589.
16. Report, GONZALES, Gaspar R., Sgt, RA 11437086.
17. Report, KRESS, Daniel D., Sgt, RA 17401567.
18. Report, ARTHUR, Jack T., PFC, RA 53275211.
19. Report, SCHWARTZ, Irwin R., PFC, RA 12560172.
20. Report, ECON, Donald, PFC, RA 13579635.

This Letter is regarded


- page 13 -

THOMAS, Wilbert G., PFC, RA 16501055
Hq. Company

At approximately 0900, 6 November 1 was on patrol with Sgt Parker's
patrol, and we had just been relieved from our 219 Company. We were now
making our way down the hill towards "B" Company. We were at approximate
coordinates 01A610. All of a sudden a bright, rising was all around us.
It was a huge white flash, an object as that. Light produced by lightning.
I looked around and saw a light colored object, long like a jet trail,
generally west from our location and about 50 in elevation from the horizon.
The object was a long (about 50 yards) arc length, equal in width. From
to end. It didn't appear to be moving and was lying south to north in the
sky. How long did you see it? About a minute and a half; there it disappears.
Did it look like anything you've ever seen before? No, just a light, a
vapor trail left by jet. The moon had set and the night was dark. Clearly
identifiable. What do you think it was? I don't know. Do you think there
was something between the flash and the object? Yes, it was something
sometime hit the earth's atmosphere and exploded.

Coordinates - 01A610

[Handwritten notes and administrative markings at bottom of page, including "Copy 1 of 4 copies"]


- page 14 -

MARTIN, PHILLIP, Jr., Pvt., US 56217531
DIXZ Company

I was with Sgt Buffin and PFC Hobbs - had just been passing dong walking east - stopped to check one of caves - one putting radio back on Sgt Buffin's back (carries PRC-10) - location: CE 969015 - suddenly -

A light seemed to come on or light over a hill - came from somewhere - looked up and saw what seemed to be a falling star but it looked too long - it just kept on going until it went out of sight. I've seen rockets take off, and that's what it looked like except I actually couldn't see a rocket - only a glow of the flame which was bright orange - went out after 10 seconds, leaving trail of vapor - looked like probable vapor trail, smoke appearance.

Like straight line of trail. Jet leaves trail. The clear air from the glow made it larger. Did it glow? No - not the trail, it was just a grayish white like that vapor trail left by any jet. It was going horizontally at an angle of elevation of about 35° - general. In the west but traveling horizontally. Total time of observation - about 10 seconds.

How high do you think it was? - about 50,000 feet or higher - about the same slow as a bright shooting star. Shooting star bright for color, etc. Total did not - it traveled straight. It seemed to be going out into space. Total angular distance travelled - 15°. Trail was about 10 inches long. Could see trail actually disintegrate from starting point. Bright or orange star - 10 seconds. The most comparable thing I've seen - like a falling star but looked too long. It looked like a falling star but lasted too long - this was not a trail in the atmosphere - close after -

Observer: 969015

Copy: 1 of 4 copies


- page 15 -

DAILEY, Cornelius MA 1st, 1st US 5419097
Battery B, 2d Howitzer Battalion (105), 19th Artillery Battalion

On 6 Nov I was inside the bunker at OR 213 at 0515, I checked my watch at the time previously checked by radio. I was scanning the horizon with binoculars. I was on duty as a radio operator. I was watching a flash of light - I could not see what made the light. It seemed to come from behind - ridgeline at azimuth 4900 mils. I oriented the slope myself by a map which was already oriented. I couldn't actually see the light source - only the momentary explosiveness of it at a particular point. No noise connected with it. I searched the sky and saw nothing outstanding. Clean overcast. I don't remember seeing stars or clouds. They say have been there but I wasn't & some clouds of them. The horizon of this particular point from my location was about 4 - 5 miles. The light lasted about as long as a flash bulb exposure - about 4 - 10 seconds. I have no idea what the flash was.

Copy 1 of 4 copies


- page 16 -

HOBBS, Walter G., PFC, US 5627632
HQ&S Company, 1st Cavalry Division

On 6 November - I was at Taesong Dong with Sgt. Huffman and Pfc. 
Martz - standing talking to Sgt. Huffman on the road - suddenly a bright 
flash occurred 1 like a shooting star only instant of coming down. It 
travelled horizontally. Flash occurred - no sense of direction or when 
it occurred. Looked up and told Sgt. Huffman to look up. A "burning ball 
appeared to be moving - it was like a star but larger. It didn't seem to 
have a tail, just round - lasted a couple of seconds and went out leaving 
a "vapor" trail. I like ordinary jet leaves where it was high except that. It 
was visible and glowed bright. Might have been a "phosphorus". Sun 
was not up - dawn had not broken. "Bill" appeared at 45 angle in south-
west - lasted 1-2 seconds - appeared to be moving. Flat horizontal. Hori-
zontal grey and grew lighter. Trail did not travel any distance but stayed 
in same spot and faded. Trail lasted 2-3 minutes. No sound. It was a 
perfect light. No object visible except ball - ball was round, like orange 
or filling star. Same color - orange rather than yellow. "Bill" was bright-
est near center and grew darker. Could not tell shape. Significant thing 
is that same. Mass acting flash when it went out. Brighter than ordi-
nary flash - like flash of lightning - about as bright as lightning. Appear-
ance of ball of light somewhat similar to lightning. Seemed to be on 
this report trail of jet - only looking white and stood out. It seemed to 
move & then light came out by itself. Seemed to be something differ-
ent. It was 15 before sun was not yet up. Jet became it seemed to be on fire.

Copy 1 of 4 copies


- page 17 -

Huffman, Ralph L., Sgt., RA 45031461
DMZ Company, 1st Cavalry Division

Was on patrol near Taesong Dong on 6 November at about 0500. Approximate time - visibility - night not too dark - moon was shining. Standing on road or patrol just taking a break. Actually standing and looking as part of duty. Suddenly a flare occurred. Flare came from and looked up and saw a long white streak like white light - from south to southwest. This is the direction from point where I was standing. Watched for about 2 to 3 minutes. First the trail - trail so long - first the trail was white, seemed to grow broader and seemed to turn in color to reddish orange. Streak lasted about 3 minutes - says that because group which included PFC Hobbs and PFC Davis discussed the nature of sighting considerably. Was still able to observe trail when they looked up again. Bright streak lasted about 3 minutes then changed slowly to grey-pink orange and green. Afterwards lasted for 2 more minutes. Total sighting approximately 5 minutes. Appeared to be vertically rising from southeast at an angle of 45° to the southeast. No noise audible. No form of object visible. Elevation approximately 20 to 30 degrees above horizon. No, I have not seen a shooting star before. I know what a shooting star looks like. How big? About 100,000 feet. The trail seemed to grow from a point to a wider trail. Current status of flight is riding color.

Observer 96601R
LT 273

[Bottom of page contains additional administrative markings and notations]


- page 18 -

PURDY, Harry E., 1st Lt. O 72380
Headquarters Company, 19th Infantry Company

On 6 November 57 went out at 0430, had just inspected one guard room had gone down - it was very dark - visibly - sky clear, a little mist star plainly visible - looked at watch, right after flash - 0502 by watch. Suddenly a bright flash occurred, like the flash of an illumination round. Lasted a second or two - looked up, and saw reddish or orange trail very high, couldn't determine altitude - trail lasted about 5 - 6 seconds in brilliant intensity - at 45 angle of elevation to west - trail not long, but appeared to be in north-south direction - appeared to travel roughly horizontally slanted possibly up - not sure.

Tried trail faded out in seconds and could see no more sign of trail but because of unusual intensity of light, checked watch for time 0502. No noise at all accompanied light. No optical equipment used. Speed, direction, etc. - no definite statement. Thought it was something meteoritic and was observed many at home in southwest US. This was so bright that it was unusual and suspected that maybe it was something else, nevertheless nothing definite. Like 1st floor. No optical equipment used. First bright trail, then it faded, their bright trail took 5 - 6 seconds more after the first trail.

Trail I track in length for arm length. No angle or change of direction - technically not sure whether it was going from north to south. What observation of object showed no appreciable variance of location of trail.

First the bright light, then the bright trail which appeared to move quickly, grow brighter. Then it faded.

Obs: CS 078989
1st 235

Copy 1 of 4 copies


- page 19 -

DOLAN, James Dr., PFC, US 5550165
DMZ: Company

On patrol with Sgt. Gonzales at approximately 04:50, 6 November 1957 we had just finished making a security check to MCS by radio and were walking along road when I saw bright flash, light yellow in color, not quite as bright as an illuminating flare. Lighting up the western part of the sky. This flash was followed by a vapor trail similar to a shooting star or Roman Candle, about 12" in length at arm's distance.

This trail was yellow, and located in same part of sky as flash and followed it immediately. I think the flash and trail were definitely connected. The object was located approximately 15,000 to 20,000 feet elevation. The trail was wider at one end than the other and the "head" did make definite progress. In the sky traveling from west to east. The sky was overcast, moon was visible and dam was not yet broken. Could not judge speed of object. The trail was luminous but did not throw any light. I think it may have been a shooting star.

Obs: 082060


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

STURDNANT, Thomas F., PFC, US/277986
DMZ Company

Was working in the Company Motor Pool at 0500. I know it was 0500 for I was making my hourly check on the company generator. A PFC Twiss, who was walking guard, called me and pointed out to me an object similar to a vapor trail. Located approximately northeast of DMZ Company, I saw only the trail and nothing prior to this and was inside when Twiss called me. The object was a blue-white color and luminous. There was no trail at the base, was shining brightly. The object was approximately 700 above the horizon and 24° - 3" in length moving in a northwesterly direction, or seemed to bar. One end of the object was brighter than the other. When watched for about a minute and then went to the generator check. It appeared to be located very high in the sky and looked like nothing I'd ever seen.

Classification: Cancelled
Incl changed to 1-26-62
Auth CG USARAL
By WDNTUTOR
Date 28 Oct 61
Date 11-13-61


- page 21 -

ACCS(A) Jorge F.A. PROJ. 12154/324
DQIC Company, 1st. Cavalry Division

On 6 November at 0500 - I looked at my watch. I was scanning out at
in the open at: 0E 209 - visibly dark - moon hidden; clear with a little
mist - a few lingering clouds; suddenly I saw consciously of a bright flash
like - a flare - in Koreas up the sky and saw an area of bright yellow
light lasting about 8 seconds and leaving a trail behind - white with a
glow - if it were close it would be about 2 feet long - at arms length
It was horizontally from west to north - about 30 degrees above and
a horizontal. Very far away - maybe a hundred miles. I was looking after
then flank and got the compass and measured the azimuth degrees from my
position - about 200 magnetic azimuth. It looked like a bright fluorescent
streak white, remained a few minutes. No noise accompanied bright. I
trail was very sure and sig suggested - The only thing I think it would have been
is a meteor - or something like any shooting effect.

8 recs

Copy 1 of 4 copies


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

COUNTRY OF ORIGIN
South Korea

REPORT NO.
TR-1-57

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

AREA REPORT CONCERNING
Demilitarized Zone Korea
AGENCY OF ORIGIN
314th Air Division
Intelligence Division

DATE OF REPORT
12 Dec 1957

SOURCE OF INFORMATION
19 Men of 1st Army Corp

DATE OF INFORMATION
5 Nov 1957

PREPARING OFFICER
David R. Perdue, 2/Lt., USAF

EVALUATION
C-2

REFERENCES (Control number, directive, previous rept., etc., as applicable)

SUBJECT
Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

SUMMARY (Enter exact summary of report. Give significance in final one-sentence paragraph. List enclosures at lower left. Begin last of report on AF Form 112a.)

On morning of 5 November 1957, 19 men of 1st Army Corp in the Demilitarized Zone of Korea viewed an Unidentified Flying Object.

APPROVED:
[Signature]
HENRY J. HURFURT
Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Division

DISTRIBUTION BY ORIGINATOR
CINCPAC, APO 953
COMFR, 5TH AF, APO 925
CONSR, HQEK, AO 301

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S. Code, Section 793 and 794. The transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States Air Force Agencies, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF.

AF FORM 112 REPLACES AF FORM 112-PART I, 1 JUN 46, WHICH MAY BE USED.


- page 23 -

JOHNSON, Billy M., PFC, US 52424317
Headquarters Company, 3d Battalion, 19th Infantry

On duty at 08 211 (OE Kalico). On 6 November at about 0500, I was outside bunker, in the open, no trees around, and suddenly flash occurred which appeared behind in color instant; a few seconds then I looked around, not up in the air - then I looked up and between 2 large clouds I saw it. I checked the time as 0505 and called it in over telephone-loud speaker. I saw the flash call my companion observer PFC Brown outside and showed him the smoke. In describing the "smoke" it was after white as vapor - like a lot trail. It was larger at one end; then the other about 6 inches at arms length. I was actually looking down the flash which occurred which lit up the area and reflected off the ground. I looked up and saw what appeared to be just a little mist between the two layers. All at once it grew larger, growing into a streak, moving north and lower it for base because I work at the OP and know it for base. I was right tight behind the clouds. It moved an angle of 45 degrees right behind the clouds. Old the vapor trail. It was light enough in early dawn beginning to get light - see dark clouds. Couldn't see sun yet. No particular bright light. Bright light. Heard aircraft. Bright Light. Optical call. Determined to continue observation. Continued to observe.

It was like a jet contrail but couldn't actually see the jet. It seemed actually like an object under water. I could see it by looking right at it. Leaving a vapor trail behind it. Somehow was 1 1/2 mi. I had no idea of the speed. At about 1,000 ft. at least. It was light enough to see cloud. The vapor did not give it away. I have no idea of the speed. By buddy can't inform me.

Observer - 99690
18 - 26

[Bottom of page has additional markings and notes, including "Copy 1 of 4 Copies"]


- page 24 -

DENTON, Charles E., PFC, RA 15496333
DEZ Company, 1st Cavalry Division

On 6 November at 0500. I was at OP 223 with Sgt. Wasmundt. I was on bunker by the radio... Sgt. Massung suddenly sighted "something" low, 1000 yards west of position, moving northwest - a curved arc following curve of earth. Light lasted ~3 seconds - left sort of a luminous looking trail if in air. Very slight arc - seemed to be rising and curving to northwest from west. At arm's length about 12 inches in length. Luminous white looking trail. With a zig in it.

Visibly - clear dark night. With a zig in trail. Clear dark night, with moon out, but not too bright. Not dawn yet. About 60° angle in elevation. Azimuth with a zig in it. Didn't shoot it. Estimate due west - ~270°. No sound audible. No object visible. I was keen alert, and can't make out what it could have been. Like nothing I've ever seen. I have no idea what it could have been.

Obs: EZ-270 (ponent - no instruments used)

Copy 1 of 4 copies


- page 25 -

FROST, Charles W., Sgt., RA15280950
DMZ, Company, 1st Cavalry Division

On 6 November at about 0500, I looked at my watch a minute later my watch generally checks with radio. I was on OP 209 looking out the window - a bright flare in sky out to left front. Lasted about 3-5 seconds.

After flare a long tail still visible about 1c like a vapor trail bright and luminous like green or dirt watch. It was still dark - not real dark - stars visible - a few clouds in sky - but clear, not misty - at an azimuth magnetic of 270° (PFC Roach checks clock) 1st First Che Mash - like an illuminating shell but too far off - lit up entire area - noticed stream right behind that seemed to grow wider but not longer - it was about 4 to 6 inches long at arm's length. Angle of elevation above horizon was horizontal with a zag in it.

In color greenish white that grew lighter and wider. I checked it with 32 power scope - naval scope - as it died out, could still see it. It was as near as I could tell, it was smoke or vapor or what - it looked like vapor. I couldn't tell whether or not it was larger at one end or the other. If we saw shooting jet trails but it didn't look like it. Unlike other jet trails but its life (pheasant) came to life and raised (?) then fell painting (?) some high downstream height.

Obs# 987977
12-20°

[The rest of the document contains some partially illegible handwritten notes and administrative markings.]


- page 26 -

WASSUNG, Edward T., Sp/3, RA 51216352
DWZ: Company, 1st Cavalry Division

On: 6 November, at 0500, hrs at OR 223 - I was outside looking northwest. It was dark and suddenly a great flash appeared - it startled me. I jumped up and looked around. I saw a streak, a white light in the sky - it stayed bright about 10-15 seconds - petered out or turned out and turned a dodging angle in the darkness. I now have a BC scope and couldn't get a scope on it - looked at it with my naked eye only - called out my 2 men. After light faded, something like smoke appeared. I measured the arc with outstretched arm - it was 8 inches from origin. Upright. I light seemed like 1/4" flash, then gone or something - no objects visible -

10 SEC FLASH                                                  20 MIN

[The rest of the text in the lower portion of the document is largely illegible due to poor image quality]


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

HAIGEL, Allan H., PFC, US 55579589
DMZ Company, 1st Cavalry Div Repl Line

On 6 November at 0300, I was with Sp/3 Massung at OE 181, (226)
in the bunker on telephone - front of OE 1st or about 8 feet facing
north. I was facing east and looking out of the north facing aperture. In
their room but was called to bunkers aperture and looked out with naked
eye and saw a moving flashlight had a slight orange glow and faded out. 1
2 or 3 seconds leaving a bright glow thru the trees about 65° - 70° angle
65° - 70° angle of elevation - no idea of height. Azimuth - didn't shoot
it with instrument, only by estimated 270° - 275° moved from left to right
or from west to northeast. It seemed to be going up at an angle of 70°.
Looked very plain for 5 minutes but lasted as faint streak for 15 minutes.
It was visible good - moon out with stars shining like searchlight. Clear with few clouds.
Observed close to ground. There was no significant ground observation. Colored
like orange glow. Lon: 126° 58' E, Lat: 38° 14' N.

Obs: 0405
AZ-270 to 275 (using own - no instrument used)

Classification: Cancelled
Confirmed by: [signatures partially illegible]


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

GONZALES, Gaspare R., Sgt., RA 14334086
DMZ Company, 1st Cavalry Division

On 6 November at 0500, I was walking with a patrol into the CP. 227 area at: CP 081060 and saw a flash in the sky traveling to the north with a tail behind it-- it disintegrated and left a tail of light greenish-orange with a head about 5' in diameter. It went from about 270° from left to right at 45° angle of elevation. Not noise was audible.

The brilliant light lasted about 4 seconds. Not sure if it left a trail like a vapor trail but orange green like a large orange green large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange large orange


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

KEYES, Daniel D., Sgt., RA 17401567
DMZ Company, 1st Cavalry Division

Time: 0500, 6 November at pickup point at 02 202

Visibility - Slight overcast - very dark - stars visible - very few clouds - reasonably clear.

I was standing out in the open - there was nothing to obstruct my vision - suddenly a bright flash caught my attention and lasted about a second - the flash was bright enough to light up the sky - then I noticed a bright greenish white "vapor" trail with traces of orange "vapor". Was it a bright long enough to distinguish length - not a white cloud vapor trail in that sense. Was it like a comet? No, it was brighter and lasted longer.

Never saw anything like it before. No kind of object or form was visible. What was the altitude? Have no idea as to how high it was - no noise audible - could hear nothing else. Flash created vivid - pleasance effect - other made noise right after flash. No optical equipment used. Observed just to left of little dipper - about 45° angle of elevation. First observed - watched carefully - then it seemed to rise up at an angle - watching smoke visible at the angle - seemed to be going any way on up in air.

Altitude - hard to determine - vapor very bright. Gradually dimmed - then disappeared. Gradually it was a shooting star, but was not very much like a meteor. Longer than any shooting star I've ever seen.

Observer - 968918
12 - 270


- page 30 -

ARTHUR, Jack R., PFC, US 53275210
DMZ Company, 1st Cavalry Division

At 0500, 6 November, I was on patrol with Sgt. Gonzales at 081060. I was outside walking on a road - a bright, light, lit up area and attracted my attention to the sky - following the light, which last at 6 seconds. A vapor trail appeared - travelling from my left to right at an angle of elevation of 65° - azimuth not determined by instruments - generally in west, headed northwest. Horizontal, tail vapor trail. It seemed to be traveling from west to northwest became one end of trail was fuzzy. Trail was light - white in color. A few clouds, visibility reasonably good. Light from moonlight - not quite dawn. Clear. I could not give any explanation for it - the tail suddenly appeared at a particular length and if stayed that way for some 5 minutes. It remained the same size until it evaporated - it seemed to disappear rather than blow away. I've never seen anything like it. I've seen falling stars but this wasn't like. 1st. I was on console - the trail after the light - not moving actually moving in the sky. I've no idea what it was. The light appeared in the vicinity of the trail.

Obs ______
1st ______ 081060

Copy 1 of 4 copies


- page 31 -

SCHWARTZ, Irwin B., PFC, RA 12509172
DMZ Company

At 0500, 6 November 1957, I was standing outside OF 209, coordinates 987977, when I saw a very bright flash all around the OF. I then looked and gave a light yellow crooked trail in the sky located at an azimuth (Mag.) 270° from my position and at an elevation of 60°. This trail lasted a seconds and then disappeared leaving this trail which remained in the sky glowing for about 15 minutes. Did the trail look like anything you'd ever seen? No, but looked something like a brief

It did not appear to be moving and was about 7° in length at maximum distance. Did not hear anything. No, but the noise in the area all started making noise as if they'd been suddenly aroused. The object was hitting at a 70 angle to the horizon. I've never seen anything like the before. I now have nothing else to add. NW

Copy 1 of 4 copies


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

BROWN, Donald, PFC, ER 1357635
Headquarters Company, 3d Battalion

I was on OP (Outpost) OF 21L at about 0500, 8 November. I was just reported in to S2 by telephone at 0500, about 5- 7 minutes later Johnson led me outside - I was in a completely enclosed room, and did not see any light - I went outside and looked up and saw some smoke or vapor from something flying - could not see an object - I was a clear night - moon light - could see the stars - Johnson told me about the bright light and pointed the vapor out to me. I thought it was some kind of jet, because it was a trail or stream of white smoke. It was just there, a few seconds before the cloud passed over it or it passed behind the cloud. I would say it was about 20° about 12 inches in length at arm's length. Its arc angle or about A5°. It seemed to be traveling horizontally, from north to south or from my right to the left. I shot the angle with the telescopic compass at about 110° 250°. I don't remember exactly what should be in order. It was made on 8 November. My impression was, that it might have been a plane. I definitely saw the streak grow in length, because as the light had stopped at one point, extended its length. I couldn't actually say that I saw a cloud over it. I didn't watch it that long. Then it moved it seemed to be drifting. Clear out.

Obs. 999890


- page 33 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUN 56

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM Intelligence, 314th Air Division    REPORT NO. TR-757    PAGE 2 OF PAGES

1. Description of Object.
   a. No actual object seen. Flame will herein be termed "object". Observers described object as streak flash or trail of flame.
   b. Size varies from 1 inch to 12 inches when held at arms length. Width is quoted by one observer as remaining constant throughout length.
   c. Initial flash was described as blue white then developing into reddish orange trail of flame.
   d. One
   e. N/A
   f. None

   g. Trail is described in (b) above. Observers state smoke lingered in sky after appearance of flame. Smoke is described as resembling a jet vapor trail which remained visible for a period from 5 to 30 minutes varying with different observers.

2. Description of course of object.
   a. Brilliant flash of light in sky.
   b. Most observers state 45°, some indicated 60° to 70° angle elevation, 270° Azimuth
   c. This will probably be same as above because of short length of time observed
   d. Most observers state object flew in horizontal flight path. Some state there was a slight rise in its flight.
   e. Unknown
   f. Bright flash lasted 2 to 4 seconds. Trail or vapor for about five minutes. A few observers state trail was visible for 30 minutes

3. Manner of observation.
   a. Ground visual
   b. Lensatic compasses and B.C. scope were used to mark position.
   c. N/A

4. Time and date of sighting
   a. 2030Z, 5 November 1957
   b. 1 hr

NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C., 31 AND 32. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.


- page 34 -

The text I can clearly read is:

"Map log shows
Obj to low
Alt to N&W
Elev 7"

The rest of the text in the bottom right corner is partially illegible due to image quality. There appears to be some additional text, but I cannot confidently transcribe it.

The image appears to be a hand-drawn map or flight path diagram with various lines, intersections, and annotations, typical of a technical or navigational document from the mid-20th century.


- page 35 -

At approximately 5:00 A.M., 6 November 1957, 19 men located in the demilitarized zone of Korea saw a brilliant flash of light in the Western sky. The flash was described as blue-white, developing into a red-orange trail of flame, size ranging from 1 inch to 12 inches when held at arms length. The flash was visible for from 1 second to 3 minutes, varying with observers. A trail of smoke, which was similar to a jet vapor trail, was seen behind the flash, or trail of flame, and was visible for as long as 30 minutes.


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM (Agency)                                   REPORT NO.                   PAGE    4    OF    4    PAGES
Intelligence, 314th Air Division                IR-2-52

11. 2/Lt David R. Perdue Chief Radar Intelligence, 314th Air Division. This report was received late and due to the large number of observers all material received at this office will be forwarded in order that a more complete investigation can be given this sighting. This officers' first impression was that the sighting was possibly a conventional type of rocket but from the observers' statements of extremely high altitude and the impression that each of them had of an explosion of sorts, there exists a possibility that the object was not of a conventional nature. If it is proved to be an advanced type of missile or rocket then this sighting might give some sort of data on the enemy problem. I call your attention to the GOOC ATSG periodical of informational extracts dated Nov 22, 1957, No. 118 page 13. This article on a UFOB sighting by members of RF-50 crew may provide further data for evaluation of this report.

12. Existence of physical evidence.
Enclosures of observers' reports and position overlay.

NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C., 31 AND 32, AS AMENDED. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.


- page 37 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1958

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Intelligence, 314th Air Division    IR-7-57    PAGE 3 OF 4 PAGES

5. Location of observers:
Refer to inclosures of observers statements

6. Identifying information of all observers:
a. N/A
b. WFC Wilbert G. Thomas     DMZ CO. 1st Cav. Div. usually reliable
   PVT Philip Martin Jr.     " " " " " "
   PVT Cornelius M.K. Daly   " " " " " "
   PFC Walter C. Hobbs       " " " " " "
   Sgt Ralph L. Huffman      " " " " " "
   1/Lt Harry B. Purdy       " " " " " "
   PFC James D. Dolan        " " " " " "
   PFC Thomas F. Sturdiman   " " " " " "
   PFC Jorge A. Acosta       " " " " " "
   PFC Billy M. Johnson      " " " " " "
   Sgt Charles E. Mentor     " " " " " "
   Sgt Charles W. Prost      " " " " " "
   S/3 Edward T. Wassary     " " " " " "
   PFC Alan R. Haack         " " " " " "
   Sgt Gaspar R. Gonzales    " " " " " "
   Sgt Daniel D. Keyes       " " " " " "
   PFC Jack R. Arthur        " " " " " "
   PFC Irwin R. Schwartz     " " " " " "
   PFC Donald Brown          " " " " " "

7. Weather and winds aloft conditions:
a. Weather very clear with a few clouds in area, stars were plainly visible.
b. Weather from Kimpo Air Field
   6000   = 260°/11 knots
   10000  = 250°/20 knots
   16000  = 250°/21 knots
   20000  = 250°/25 knots
   30000  = 260°/21 knots
   50000  = 260°/56 knots
   60000  = 250°/88 knots
   70000  = 250°/32knots

c. None reported
d. 10 miles visibility
e. less than .5 at 3500 feet.
f. None

8. None
9. None
10. Unknown

NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C.
31 AND 32. AS AMENDED. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.
IT MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN WHOLE OR IN PART, BY OTHER THAN UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AGENCIES, EXCEPT BY PERMISSION OF THE DIRECTOR OF
INTELLIGENCE, USAF.


- page 38 -

AIR INTELLIGENCE EVALUATION RECORD

Air Intelligence Information Report Number: 28-1-57
Date: 12 Dec 57
Source of Report: (Air Attaché, Command, etc.) 314th Air Division, Intelligence Division
Intelligence Report Prepared by (Name of officer): W/Maj David Parks

Usability of Report: Confirmed
Validity of Information: Probably True
Fulfillment of Requirement: Partial

[Handwritten notes at top of document]

Comments: (Summarize narrative style, expand on your evaluation as checked above. Four comments, evidence and helpful criticism to improve the quality of this report)

1. The prime factor (i.e. approximately 20 witnesses, all military observers) that would normally provide an exceptional, reliability of information, also makes it somewhat difficult to properly analyze and evaluate this report. For example: the inconsistency of essential data, such as the estimated sighting duration of the UFO, given by the witnesses, which ranges from 8 seconds to almost 20 minutes.

2. Coupled with the above, is the inability to conduct "on the spot" investigations, follow-up or surveys in the area of the UFO sighting and probable origin, as it is in hostile territory.

3. However, the following summary data derived from detailed analyses of the aggregate sightings are considered significant to the conclusions given:

a. Highly improbable that the object was a ballistic missile. Present knowledge of re-entry dynamics indicates that the maximum heating rates (for general wing type) would occur at altitudes between 50,000 to 150,000 feet. The luminosity in the flight path would be approximately 10 times brighter than the full moon.

b. Apparently not a fireball or a meteorite. Consistent variance and characteristics of the object rules out these bodies, as well as high-velocity re-entry of ballistic missiles. It does not rule out the possibility of an object having control or "guidance", i.e. ground launched, short range rocket or missile.

c. Object apparently was not a pilot flare or jet aircraft afterburns. Military observers who stood guard at the DMZ are familiar with the former.


- page 39 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE EVALUATION RECORD

[Top sections are mostly blank/illegible]

USABILITY OF REPORT: [Various options, with some marked]
VALIDITY OF INFORMATION: [Various options, with some marked]
FULFILLMENT OF REQUIREMENT: SLIGHT

[Main body text reads:]

5. (GRAW) Luminosity was too bright to be associated with the latter. However, the magnitude of the "flash" (where the UFO is reported as such) appears to be consistent with night photography flares. However, the "UFO" is reported as a "trail" by others.

5. There was no sound; this would generally rule out high-speed jet aircraft.

6. Object was localized within a specific area: see para. 7 of E. I. Chron.

[Paragraph cut off/partially illegible]

4. CONCLUSIONS: If report is to be made to the "process of elimination" method, the UFO is strongly suggestive of a ground launched missile or rocket, probably in photographic purposes. However, because of the limitations and difficulties noted in paragraphs 1 and 2 above, the UFO cannot be conclusively identified. It will be considered an "UNKNOWN", pending receipt of further information or data from intelligence sources and channels which may shed some light on the incident.

[Bottom of document shows:]
DATE: 20 February 1957
ACTIVITY: AFOSR-142, Air Sciences Division
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

ANALYST: Capt O.T. Gregory


- page 40 -

DISPOSITION FORM

UNCLASSIFIED

FILE NO.                    SUBJECT: Possible Indications of Aircraft or Missile Activities in Communist Korea

TO (1) AFCIN-482*
    (2) AFCIN-463
    (IN TURN)

FROM: AFCIN-484

DATE: 20 Jan 58
44th/Capt G.T. Gregory/vm
69216

1. Attached UFO report is forwarded for your review in accordance with existing procedures regarding documents which may indicate information or clues to foreign aircraft or missiles.

2. Location of reported UFO appears to have been in the vicinity of Kaesong, N.K. It is significant to point that the object was observed by approximately 20 US military observers.

3. A preliminary analysis of the data in the observers reports more or less rules out meteors, fireballs, and the Soviet satellite orbital tracks. The long duration of the vapor trail (5 to 30 minutes) presupposes a device with a combustion device. As the majority report that the object was at very high altitudes and crossed the sky in only a few seconds (565 seconds average), it appears that the very high velocity indicates is more significant or a missile rather than a jet aircraft.

4. The evaluation and comment of each Division hereon would be appreciated. Your attention is invited to suspend date given this office.

[Signature]
H.K. GILLESPIE
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-484

Incl 1 Incl
Ind 1-9-58, T58-1350-A
(2-2p) w/1 Incl T58-1350

Classification Cancelled
(or changed to)
Auth: 
By:
Date:

UNCLASSIFIED

DD FORM 96     1 FEB 50     REPLACES WNE FORM 96, 1 OCT 48, WHICH MAY BE USED


- page 41 -

