PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
28, 28 & 29 October 1957

2. LOCATION
S of Caja Marca, Peru

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 12:00
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☒ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes ☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
practically stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object white - steel - gleaming. Could be observed easily without binoculars. Same object observed on three different days.

11. COMMENTS
Plotted positions indicate obj almost exact position of planet Venus at times given. Although rare that this body could be seen in day time, instruments used could make this possible.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical Venus
☒ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

COUNTRY OF ORIGIN: Peru
AGENCY OF ORIGIN: Cajamarca, Lima

SOURCE OF INFORMATION: U.S. Naval Attaché

DATE OF DOCUMENT: 29 Nov 57
DATE OF INFORMATION: November 1957

PREPARED BY OFFICER: Lt. Col. Vergil N. Nestor, AirA

REFERENCES: BAIR 160-T (BAIR 3A); IR-350-57

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

Report contains sightings of an unidentified flying object being reported by a qualified weather observer who noted the time in GMT and made his observation using the automatic "Zeiss-Recording-Theodolite" and noted the Azimuth angle and elevation angle as he followed the unidentified flying object. Observations were made on 26 October, 29 October and 8 November 1957.

Signed:
VERGIL N. NESTOR
Ltc Colonel, USAF
Air Attaché

DISTRIBUTION:
CAIRO (dup M/os cy)
Amcmb, Lima
Onlavala, Lima

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C. Sections 793 and 794. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SECURITY INFORMATION (when filled in)

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING OFFICE                                  | REPORT NO.
OAirA, Lima                                         | TR-364-57
                                                    | PAGE 2 OF 4

The following is extracted from an official report written by Mr. [redacted] and contains observations of an unidentified flying object in the vicinity of Cajamarca. The observations were made by qualified weather observers in the Weather Observatory of the Compañia Peruana de Servicios Meteorologicos, S.A. on the continental divide about 35 miles S of Cajamarca at an altitude of 3750 meters and has the geographical coordinates of 07°25'30"S 78°20'30"E S178°20'30 sec.

The report was dated 8 November 1957 and the extract follows:

"First I saw an object white-steel-gleaming on October 26th, 57, at noon-time shown to me by Mr. [redacted], Administrator of Hda. Sunchubamba, together with Mrs. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted] during our stay on the Sunchubamba lake. It was visible for more than 15 minutes and could be observed easily through binoculars. On October 28th, 57, I saw the same thing at 1239 Lima time, which means 1839 GMT, working on the Pilot-Balloon-Observatorio-Station at Kanzel-Observatory, and noted its position measured by the automatic "Zeiss-Recording-Theodolite" as follows:

Azimuth angle: 116° and Elevation angle: 44°;
I could not identify the direction exactly.

Moon position measured at the same time:
Azimuth angle: 106.3° and Elevation angle: 30.2°

[The rest of the document contains a detailed table of observations with Lima time, GMT, Azimuth angle, Elevation angle, and Visibility/Cloud conditions]

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S. Code, Sections 793 and 794. The transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States Air Force activities.

[Bottom of page has standard form footer]


- page 3 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Originating Agency: OALPA, Lima
Report No: TR-364-57
Page 3 of 4 Pages

[A detailed table with columns for Lima-time, GMT, Azimuth-angle, Elevation-angle, and Visibility/Clouds]

The table contains numerous time entries from 1316 to 1147 GMT with corresponding azimuth and elevation angles, and visibility notes ranging from "good" to "bad" and cloud cover from 4 to 7.

Handwritten notes are present on the document, including arrows and marginal annotations.

Text at bottom of first table reads: "Increasing fog. Observation finished."

A second table is included for observations on 8/11/57, with similar column headings and time entries from 1252 to 1126 GMT.

Paragraph below the first table reads:
"Calculated direction from recorder-disks from 152° to 332°, clearly marked by the marking layout operating marking point. The Theodolite has not been moved from its base and has been leveled exactly. The base is a concrete base with an iron-theodolite-stand cemented in, therefore not movable. The total movement of the object has been within 12½ minutes: 21.2° elevation and 33.8° Azimuth angles. Sometimes the object has been visible shifting through the clouds."

Warning text at bottom of page indicates this is a document related to national defense.

The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at top and bottom.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

ORIGINATING AGENCY: OAInA, Lima

REPORT NO. TR-364-57     PAGE 4 OF 4 PAGES

Increasing clouds and fog. Observation finished.

Calculated direction on recorder-plottingmask from 156° to 316°.
Total-movement of the object within 30 minutes: 19.2° Az. and 17.2° Elevation.

[Handwritten notes that are partially illegible, but appear to read:]
Conf G-
[Rest of handwritten text is not clearly legible]

Jute Ur Condition.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

[Standard warning text about national defense information at bottom of page]


- page 5 -

Memo for Case File -
UFO Case - Incahuasi, Peru, South America
Oct 26,28+29, 1957

1. This case was received and plotted by
by the undersigned Air Science Division Personnel.

2. The following represents the findings:
a. Precise azimuth and elevation angle was
given. Bearing well c Zeiss-Trieditz
b. A magnification of 5x to 50x is used (repetitive) 
c. Taking me day as an example, it was found
that the objs moved only 35.8° in 2 hours
and 5 minutes.

(2) The average azimuth was approx
137°. The alt. elevation approx
50°.

d. It was observed during daylight hours, and
under conditions that was reported as "moving
fig." & "cloud end".

3. CONCLUSIONS:
a. The plotted points indicated that they were
the almost exact points of the Planet Venus
in their given time.

b. Altho it is rare that this body would
be seen - the daytime, the instruments
used by some near this parallel
c. Venus was so bright and long during this
time that late newspapers, etc. (some depends.)

1 April 1958


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ASTRONOMY

Venus Most Prominent
Venus, the only planet now visible in the evening, is
a brilliant object in the sky and will soon be joined by the
Leonids, "shooting stars"

By JAMES STOKLEY

THAT BRILLIANT object you see in
the early evening sky is Venus, coming as dark
comes on early in the evening, hanging like
a some bright light hung in the sky as part
of an experiment.

What you see is the planet Venus, now
reaching its greatest prominence, which
continues through November and into early
the evening sky early in 1958.

Venus is far brighter than any other star
or planet seen in the night sky and there
is no difficulty in identifying it. Indeed,
it is so bright that it can be seen even
on, in fact, if you know where to look, you can
see it even in broad daylight!

After it passed behind the sun last April
it Venus has gradually been drawing a
course of that body. That meant that it
followed the sun in its daily motion across
the sky and so remained visible in the west
after the sun had set. On Nov. 18 it will
be further east of the sun, hence remaining
in the sky for the longest time after sunset.

These maps do, however, show the stars
that are now visible.

I work the west is Deneb, at the top of
the map, a first magnitude star in the
constellation of Cygnus, the swan.
Here is in the bird's tail, in Lac, the word
"Arabic and means "tail". The crosspiece
representing the wings, and the lower part of
the cross has long neck, stretched forward
or right. At the head is Albireo, a star of
first magnitude, marking the swan's head.

Below Cygnus is another
constellation, Lyra, in Lyra, the bright
star is Vega, the brightest star in the
right is the north, your "square", part of
the great constellation Hercules.

Although these are not among the
brightest, they are characteristic arrangement
of stars that form a good starting place from
which to find other groups. The borders
of the constellations are shown by dotted
lines extending westward from the
lower right corner of the square is Altair
far in the upper right, Alpheratz, is

not in Pegasus at all, but in the neighboring
group of Andromeda. This constellation
represents the Ethiopian princess who, according to the old myth, was to be devoted by a sea monster, represented
by the constellation of Cetus, the whale, in
the south. Fortunately, she was rescued by
the hero, Perseus, who is seen in the north.

Turning now toward the east, we can see
what is generally considered to be the first
constellation in the sky making its debut for
the season.

Orion's Season's Finest
This is Orion, the warrior, early recognized because of the three stars in a row
that form his belt. Orion is a large constellation, to the right is Rigel, both of the first
magnitude, although being so low in the
sky they do not appear as bright as they

will in the coming months. Then you will
see them high in the south.

Just above Orion in Taurus, the bull, with
brilliant Aldebaran, and to the left of the
bull is the Pleiades, a beautiful cluster of
first magnitude Capella.

Although only Venus is now visible in
the evening, two other planets appear in the
southeast before sunrise. Brightest of these
is Mars, rising about 2 hours before the
Virgin. It is close to the bright star Spica.

However, it exceeds the star in brilliance
about ten times.

Further east is Mars, rising about an hour
ahead of the sun. Its brightness is about
half that of Venus. Mercury and Saturn
are both too near the sun to be easily visible
in November.

Showers of "Stars" to Come
November is the month bringing one of
the year's famous showers of meteors, or
"shooting stars," which appear from about
the 13th to the 16th.

They are most numerous after midnight,
because then we are on the forward side of
the earth in its annual movement around
the sun.

This is different from the evening hours
when we are on the rearward part, and see
only those that catch up to us.

[The rest of the text includes star charts and additional details about star constellations]


- page 7 -

