PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
18 October 1957

2. LOCATION
9 Mi W of Benson, Arizona

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 19/0127z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No, none rec'd

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
NNW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
A group of civilians had set up a camera to view and photograph expected Russian satellite. Satellite was not sighted, but a bright object appeared over SE horizon and traveled rapidly across the sky disappearing over the NNW horizon. The object was brighter than any star, but less bright than Venus. The light exhibited a yellowish hue giving the impression of a self-luminous sight. Three photos were taken.

11. COMMENTS
Around this time artificial meteors were being shot into the upper atmosphere to heights of between 35 and 50 miles at which height they glowed brightly enough to be photographed.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other: Probably meteor
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

ESTIMATE OF HEIGHT

A simple calculation will yield the minimum height of an object over our location to reflect sunlight at 1827. Local sunset occurred at 1749. We first saw the unknown object thirty-eight minutes after sunset.

The circumference of the earth at the equator is approximately 2π x 4000 = 25,133 mi.

At latitude 32° this becomes:
25/33 cos 32° = 21.3/3 mi.

The speed of rotation of the earth at our latitude is:
21.3/33 = 14.80 mi./min.

Thirty-eight minutes after sunset, the earth has traveled:
38 x 14.8 = 562.4 mi.

Assuming parallel light rays arriving from the sun, the following diagram may be constructed:

[A hand-drawn diagram showing a circle representing the Earth, with lines representing sunlight and the Earth's rotation, labeled with "FROM SUN" on the right side]


- page 2 -

The circle represents the 32nd parallel, viewed from the top (north).
Assuming triangle A B D is a right triangle, the angle α is:
α = "tan" 562/4000
α = 8°0'

We may now calculate the hypotenuse A C of triangle A B C:
AC = 4000/sin α = 4000/0.1392 = 4039.3 ml.

Since line A D is 1000 mi, line C D is 39.3 mi. This is the minimum height of the object above the earth.

This calculation is based on an object directly over our location and reflecting the sun's rays thirty-eight minutes after sunset. This is a considerable simplification of the actual case. If the diffraction of the sun's rays by our atmosphere causes sunset to occur three minutes late (at 1752), then the distance C D is reduced to about thirty-five miles. However, the object was to the east of our location when seen at 1827, therefore the minimum height for reflection of sunlight should be increased. The above calculation was intended only to give a rough estimate of the heights involved, and appears to be a white minimum height.

If the object we saw was illuminated by sunlight, the absolute minimum height appears to be 39.3 miles.

Note:
See A.P.G's analysis - 
Rpt & Incl. Signed
date June 9, 1958
1st paragraph ( )


- page 3 -

Text found on the document:

#1. SE SKY

#2. MIDDLE OF SKY

The document contains two grayscale photographic images that appear very dark and indistinct, with no clear details visible. The images seem to be of sky scenes, labeled as "#1. SE SKY" (top image) and "#2. MIDDLE OF SKY" (bottom image).


- page 4 -

Text found on the document:

#3
Superimposed in handle of
big dipper - NNW sky

The image appears to be a low-quality, grayscale photograph with a dark, somewhat blurry rectangular shape. There is a thin diagonal line visible in the image. The photograph seems to be part of a UFO or astronomical observation report.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

2101 CONSTITUTION AVENUE
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES
NATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

UNITED STATES NATIONAL COMMITTEE
INTERNATIONAL GEOPHYSICAL YEAR 1957-58

May 27, 1958

Mr.
Assistant Director
Research and Development
Collins Radio Company
Cedar Rapids, Iowa

Dear Mr.

Your letter of April 24, 1958 to Dr. [redacted] has been passed on to this office. We have read with interest the detailed report on the October 19, 1957 sighting of an unidentified object and a raw forward copy of this report to the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and the Department of Defense. As the report indicates, it does not appear likely that a object was associated with Sputnik I. However, the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory is still engaged in meteor research and will undoubtedly be glad to receive this information.

Thank you.

Sincerely yours,

USMC-IGY Earth Satellite Office

cc: Dr. [redacted] SAO
Major Eugene E. DUKE, USAF
Dr. W. H. Pickering, JPL


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Meteors Held Prelude
Of Rockets to Moon

Launching First Apparent
Breakthrough Into Space

HANSCOM AIR FORCE BASE, Mass., Nov. 23 (UP) — An Air Force scientist said today that the successful launching of an artificial meteors into interplanetary space "undoubtedly" prepares the way for a rocket to the moon.

Maurice Dublin, chief of the Geophysics force on the rocket from the Naval Research Directorate of the Air Force Cambridge Research Center, said that by using a technique similar to that employed for controlled experiments in the physics of the upper atmosphere, "artificial meteorites" blasted into space from over the New Mexico desert have "unquestionably" stepped into the interplanetary orbit.

HE SAID the rocket would take about 10 hours to travel the 250,000-mile distance to the earth's closest space neighbor since gravity would exert a greater pull.

THE SPACE experiment, which began Oct. 16, at the Holloman Air Force base at Alamogordo, N. M., was believed to be the first penetration into planetary space. The initial announcement of the project was made here yesterday.

Dublin said that only two of the original pellets were tracked and scientists "stand no control" over what direction the pellets take after the explosion. It was indicated that as many as 1000 pellets were used.

The launching was explained as a three-stage rocket, in effect a nose-tip containing three "shaped charges" of aluminum pellets and explosive, which automatically separated at the specific point and rose to more miles upwards where it exploded. Blasting the aluminum pellets into space.

The blast of the "shaped charges" were caught by the tracking cameras because they glowed due to the resistance of the atmosphere and the heat of the explosive charge.

He estimated the atmosphere at that altitude as approximately one one-tenth-thousandth of the density at the surface of the earth.

Mt. Palomar Observes Blast
The brightness of the explosion was placed at minus 10 magnitude or more than 5,000 times brighter than the Soviet satellites which at their brightest rival the brightest stars.

The explosion was observed at Mt. Palomar about 600 miles away and even at that distance astronomers said it was brighter than any planet or star.

Dublin refused to comment when asked if the experiment was a preliminary to a rocket-probed numerous reports of bright objects seen in the Southwestern United State about that time.

Astronomers, however, discussed the experiment and pointed out that a maximum radius for observing a meteorite after it hits the earth's atmosphere is about 100 miles. The experiment was suggested by Prof. Fritz Zwicky, an expert in the institute of technology and was first attempted in 1947 using German V-2 rockets.

[There is also an image of a rocket launch/explosion with the caption "AEROBEE ROCKET"]


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AERONEE ROCKET
St. Mary, Above Perrin

The binning was explained this way: A 110-pound Aeronee rocket, in effect a three-stage rocket, carried a nose tip containing three "shaped charge" pellets of aluminum pellets and explosive sites. The Aeronee automatically separated at the 35-mile point and the nose tip continued 10 more miles upwards where it exploded, blasting the aluminum pellets into space.

The blast of the "shaped charge" was very bright-500 times brighter than the Soviet Sputniks and more brilliant than any star in the heavens, according to reports from observers at the Mt. Palomar observatory some 690 miles away.

SCIENTISTS SAID that most of the "space-ball" pellets probably burned up within the first half-mile of flight. But at least two of the meteorite definitely escaped the earth's gravity.

The bright glow of these objects as they battled the forces of space enabled scientists to record the experiment on film with a ballistic camera.

The Aeronee rocket, following the "shaped charge" by two or three miles, was undamaged by the explosion at the 35-mile point. It was removed by scientists about 20 miles from the launching site.

Dublin said the rocket contained vital instrumental which gave information on cosmic rays and also meteoritic dust, making materially an the upper atmosphere.

The experiment, which was suggested by Prof. F. Zwicky of the California Institute of Tech, was first attempted in 1951 using former German V-2 rockets. The Cal. Tec project, however, was not successful and followed a series of attempts, scientists said.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Mutt

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
ASTROPHYSICAL OBSERVATORY
SECTION OF UPPER ATMOSPHERE STUDIES
BY OPTICAL SATELLITE TRACKING PROGRAM
60 GARDEN STREET
CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS

Rpts No. -D 51
Other
(POSS ARTIFICIAL METEOR)

18 13. 1958

Captain George E. Gregory
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson AFB
P. O. Box 9837
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain:

The enclosed fax is of interest to you.

Cordially,
J. Allen Hynek

JAH:ic
Encls.

Please return at early date.


- page 9 -

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
(MAY 15, 1951)

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO THE FOLLOWING IN ORDER INDICATED

1. Dr. J. A. Hynek
2. Capt. Gregory--please return when finished
3. Signature partially illegible
4. Signature partially illegible

Your information [X]                Note and return [X]
Your comments [ ]                   Proper signature [ ]
Necessary action [ ]                Note and file [ ]
Prepare reply [ ]                   See me [ ]
Your recommendation [ ]             Your initials [ ]

REMARKS:
Have made second of this as
will be memo attached.
Thanks for authorizing job!

FROM: Signature partially illegible
DATE: June 9/53
PHONE:


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dr. J.A. Hynek                                                                                                 June 4, 1958

United Airlines

Station: Headquarters, 30
Time: 16 October 57, approx. 1900-2000 hrs.
Direction of Travel: S-W
Magnetic Bearing: 225° (approx.)
Angular Velocity: 0°3/sec.

Expects crossing of 1957 Alpha: It became rather odd that these observations were made of a satellite which was being observed by many stations, in the morning and late afternoon. Mr. X and Mr. Y, in
Mr. ______'s company, were definitely within the area of activities of
brightness computation. No work was done, however, and one
might suspect a mix-up between NST and UT, and adding instead of
subtracting. Seven known (NST) time fixes were made.

The actual observations: In the same time correction were applied, the observation was made with an unidentified object, with sightings, Texas, or Okla., at 11.26 TT. 1957 Mins. approx. The object in the case
was very faint (+6). If this is a plane, however, the reason
objects is not apparent, with other explanations being ruled out.
On nearby October dates.

Identification Possibilities:

Meteory: This was about the time for periodic meteors. The debris
object appears too slow. Would not such objects as
this be large meteorites which have been slowed down by
previously "existing" through our atmosphere?

Artificial Satellite: Opposite direction of travel.

Artificial Meteor?: Around this time (Oct. 16-19) artificial
meteors were being shot into the upper atmosphere to
barium jet releases. These, with satellites, were the
flow trials through to be photographed by the Air
Force. These later were part of a meteorology, Navy
firing point is not clear, but they could probably have
to be fired from the average south. I make to take the
direction of the object seen at Tucson, Mensch's
height of about 40 miles would agree with this.

Plane ?: Suggest the origin be examined with a high power
Magnifying glass. Suggest trail may consist of two
trails, very close together, one very faint (suggesting
plane), with slight.


- page 11 -

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
(W.B. 1861)

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO THE FOLLOWING IN ORDER INDICATED

NAME OR TITLE                 INITIALS-DATE

1. JAHRMA

Necessary action: [Checked box]
Note and file

Remarks: 
Attention your letter
No.?
Crazy lighting here? 
to just work in time.

From: FLW

The document is a Smithsonian Institution memo routing slip with a handwritten note and routing instructions. The page is numbered "9" in the top right corner.


- page 12 -

NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES
NATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

UNITED STATES NATIONAL COMMITTEE
INTERNATIONAL GEOPHYSICAL YEAR 1957-58

May 27, 1958.

Dr. V. L. Whipple, Director
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
60 Garden Street
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Dr. Whipple:

Enclosed for your information is a detailed report of an October 13, 1957 sighting of an unidentified object. Similar information is being transmitted to Major Duff at AFCRC, except the prints, of which only one set was available. Please pass these prints on to Major Duff if you have no need for them.

Sincerely yours,

L. M. Corrigan
USNS-IGY Earth Satellite Office

Enclosures


- page 13 -

Original Report - 6

COLLINS RADIO COMPANY
CEDAR RAPIDS, IOWA, U.S.A.
24 April 1958

Rec'vd 580
5-19-58
LNC - Ashtro

Dr. William H. Pickering
Director, Jet Propulsion Laboratories
California Institute of Technology
Pasadena, California

Dear Dr. Pickering:

I am enclosing a draft copy of a report together with three photographs which amplify the report. The report will give you more details concerning the sighting of an unidentified object on 18 October 1957. Though this report is general in nature, it was not brought to attention until this month. In discussing it with Mr. Collins here in Cedar Rapids, he suggested that I send it to you for your information.

I understand from Mr. Holliday that he has forwarded a copy of this report to the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena. In progress to this, an Air Force officer has visited our Tucson office and interviewed the people who saw the sighting.

This report is forwarded to you in the form of a draft in order that it could be forwarded quickly. If further use of the report is desired, we can supply it in finished form. I have furthermore promised the engineer involved that I would make a report to him and would appreciate its return to me when you have finished with it. I would be very pleased to discuss this matter with you in more detail in the future if you desire.

Very truly yours,
COLLINS RADIO COMPANY

R. L. McCrary
R. L. McCrary
Assistant Director
Research and Development
Cedar Rapids Division

dcp


- page 14 -

A REPORT ON THE SIGHTING OF AN UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT

Location: 9 mile west of Benson, Arizona
31° 57'38" N, 110° 25' 5" W

Date: 18 October 1957
Time: 1857-1833 MST

Observations:
On the evening of 18 October, our group was attempting to sight the Russian earth satellite, Sputnik I, or the third-stage rocket which accompanied the satellite in orbit. The satellite was scheduled to appear at 1839, and on this day the rocket was reported to be leading the satellite by twenty-six minutes. Thus, we expected that the rocket, if seen at all, would appear about 1832. A camera was set up to record what we saw.

The rocket was not seen at 1832, but we continued to watch the sky, and around 1827 a bright object appeared over the southeast horizon and traveled rapidly across the sky, disappearing over the north-northwest horizon at about 1833. The object was brighter than any star in the sky, but less bright than the planet Venus was on that night. The light exhibited a yellowish hue, and it was our opinion that it was reflected sunlight.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

No intensity variations were observed. The object crossed our parallel of latitude somewhat east of us at an angle of roughly 45° relative to our location.

We later concluded that the object seen could not have been the satellite rocket, since the latter had a southwest-northeast orbit, while the object we saw traveled southwest-north-northwest. This object appeared fourteen minutes after the rocket was expected and exhibited none of the variation in light intensity which has been reported for the rocket.

The satellite itself was not seen at 1839, but its radio signal on 20.005 mc was heard from 1834 to 1845, peaking around 1839. The signal appeared again from 2002 to 2022, seeking around 2015. The difference in time of the two signal peaks is ninety-six minutes, as expected. Thus, we believe that the satellite orbit information we had was correct.

The object we sighted has, so far, not been identified. Three photographs were taken, and these show clearly that what we saw was much too bright to have been airplane lights. The pictures were time exposures taken with a 4 x 5 press camera mounted on a tripod. The exposure time was roughly five seconds, and the film was Royal Pan with an ASA speed of 400. The details of each shot accompany the respective prints.

11-8-57


- page 16 -

