PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
21 September 1957

2. LOCATION
New Carlisle, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
2:30 am

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian - housewife

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

8. COURSE
W to E

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Source awoke to feed baby, saw 5 lights (2 in front & 3 in rear) move across her window. Became frightened. Called husband who rptd to ATIC. Check shows a highway in front of her home, where turnpike is being built. States obj about 4-5 feet off ground. Moved about 20 MPH. Source stated she believes obj "out of this world" (a saucer believed)

10. COMMENTS
As highway in front of house and objects (lights) rptd slightly off ground, source could not have gotten between obj in front of house. A previous check with State Highway patrol discloses there was a police patrol on the highway to pre-check construction material. Police make extensive use. Of spotlight rptd (20 mph), general auto cruising speed.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other: Automobile Lights
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much Information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Sept 21 Sept 1957

2. Time of day:
3:30 1 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
New Carlisle, Ohio

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
30 Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (15 OCT 50)


- page 2 -

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car?) b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away? 100 feet
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: 
from behind some other thing 60 feet

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes   No
b. Sun glasses Yes   No
c. Windshield Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

e. Binoculars Yes   No
f. Telescope Yes   No
g. Theodolite Yes   No
h. Other:


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: No
    b. Color: White

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch shows two circular/oval shapes with an arrow pointing from West to East]

Text below the sketch: Front of your house. Route 71.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined [Underlined]
    d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
[No text filled in for this section]

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
9 feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length:
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Went behind a cloud, slowly 28

24. In order that you can give as close a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct that object from just any object. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
(Up with a catch baby. O light through a pack lights. Then the visit with 2 blocks in front - 2 in back.)

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

Some handwritten notes appear on the form, particularly near section 31, but they are partially illegible.


- page 6 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
    a. Clear sky
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thicker or heavy clouds
    e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
    a. No wind
    b. Slight breeze
    c. Strong wind
    d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
    a. Dry
    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Snow
    e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
    a. Cold
    b. Cool
    c. Warm
    d. Hot
    e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
    Day _____ Month _____ Year _____

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
    (Circle One) Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
    (Circle One) Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
    (Circle One) Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
    [Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
    [Handwritten text that appears to read: "Some balloon, slight wind, etc."]


- page 8 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    20    m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    [blank]    feet.

41. Please give the following information about witness:
NAME    [redacted]    New Carlisle    Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER    [redacted]
What is your present job?    Welder    Repair at England
Age    35    Sex    M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school    V
b. High school    V
c. College    No
d. Post graduate    [blank]
e. a. Technical school    Electric School
f. Other special training    Basic Eng'r    1st 2.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:    [blank for Day, Month, Year]


- page 9 -

