PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
20 Jul. 1957

2. LOCATION
Claremont, California

3. ESTIMATING GROUP
Local 1000

4. SOURCE
Civilian

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes

6. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Round obj with single wing, size of fist at arm's length. Dark body with glow on top side of orange trails of flame on either side of fuselage (through shoulder) had appearance of transport fuselage with single wing, centrally located. No sound. Brightness about that of Venus.

7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
204

11. COMMENTS
Possibility exists obj could be some type of A/C performance fighter or bomber a/c. Jet nacelles often appear as flames or fire, ball form.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☒ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ No Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation


- page 1 -

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Date of Info   20 July 1957
Date of Report 16 August 1957
Preparing Individual Major Francis J. Braclin
Date of Info   20 August 1957

UFOB Subject: 1560

SUMMARY:
The report of an unidentified Flying object observed by two male civilians on 30 July 1957 in the vicinity of Claremont, California, is attached in accompanying AF Form 112A as required by USAF Regulation 200-2.

[Signature of] HARRY O. PAXSON
Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence

[Handwritten notes and "Sketch of Object" are noted on the document, but the details are not clearly legible]


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II                                                UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

4. Time and date of sighting:
   a. JUNE time-date group of sighting: 190030T 30 July 1957 - 0200 31 July 1957

5. Location of occurrence: Front lawn of residences listed below at all times.

6. Identifying information of all observers: [Names redacted]
   a. [First observer details]:
      Claremont, California
      Weight: 110 lbs, Age: 26
      Senior at Pomona College, Calif

   b. [Second observer details]:
      Claremont, California
      Weight: 110 lbs, Age: 16
      Senior at Webb School, 3 miles west
      of Claremont Private School

7. Weather and winds-aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
   a. No clouds. Haze in distance which did not contract vision at height of object.

   b. Wind direction and velocity not available.

   c. Ceiling not available.

   d. Visibility not available.

   e. Amount of cloud coverage not available.

   f. Thunderstorm in area and quadrant in which located not available.

8. Observers claim no possibility object was meteor because it was moving too slow and traveling in wrong direction for astronomical sighting.

9. At time of sighting, the incident didn't seem too unusual until observers talking to others and changed their opinion of sighting, which later became interpretive action was too late.

10. There was a 3-47 at little lower altitude than object just prior to object's position. From view and data on winds which were light from north as object when sighted and traveled, east to west with possibility of crossing jet stream. Pilot had no reason to believe object was not a jet for interception purposes. Didn't observe any exhaust flame from jet.

11. Major Francis J. Bresslin, Acting Chief, Combat Intelligence Division, Directorate of Intelligence, Headquarters USAF, states air defense activities that could possibly relate to this sighting were checked. Unusual balls of light especially on left wing, are not unusual.

[Signature/Concur section at bottom]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II                                  UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Fifteenth Air Force                                   PAGE    2    OF    4    PAGES

1. Description of the Object:
   a. Target: Round with single wing.
   b. Size: Size of a pea ball at arm's length.
   c. Color: Dark colored body except for yellow to orange balls of fire described in 1st below.
   d. Number: One.
   e. Formation: N/A.
   f. Features or details: Constant shape (see drawing) and color. Fire balls appeared reddish and rippled around edges. Robert Sanchez (binocularly) stated. On recording it looked like a "strange" flying object with single wing constantly located. On left wing tip very large ball of fire about size of plane. On either side of fuselage, small balls of fire. Flames were round in shape. A dull red. No noticeable props. No noticeable engines. No tail assembly noted.
   g. Tail, trail, or exhaust: No trails or exhaust from object.
   h. Sound: No sound that they can recall from either B-47 or object. They think it was too far away.
   i. Other: Intensity of brightness about that of Venus. Using ground observer corp handbook, figured object at approximately 30,000 feet or less.

2. Description of course of object:
   a. David Montaldt's parents saw object and called David. David called Robert Sanchez, who brought his binoculars. Robert's parents also saw object and Ralph Gardon Webster, 545 West 10th Street, Claremont, California.
   b. Object was 15° to horizontal and north of observer at first sight. Object when first sighted was estimated to be over or beyond Mt Baldy (north and west of Baldy).
   c. Object was 15° to horizontal and west-northwest of observer when passing from sight. It was between Pasadena and Los Angeles when losing from view.
   d. Flight path of object was straight path east to west generally.
   e. Object proceeded until by vision of both eye and binocular.
   f. Object was in sight approximately 10 minutes. Feel it was longer than their actual observation.

3. Manner of observation:
   a. Ground-visual observation.
   b. Bausch and Lomb binocular - 20 power magnification.
   c. N/A.

[UNCLASSIFIED stamp at bottom of document]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112—PART II                                UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Fifteenth Air Force                                                                PAGE    4    OF    4    PAGES

12. No physical evidence available.

[Signature]
FRANCIS J. BRESLIN
Major, USAF
Acting Chief, Combat Intelligence Division
Directorate of Intelligence

[Note: The bottom of the document contains a standard disclaimer text, but it is cut off and mostly illegible in this image.]


- page 5 -

