PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
31 August 1957

2. LOCATION
Palm Springs, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1/0500Z SEPT. 57

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☑ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
on moon

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Brilliant star close to the moon, brighter than the moon. Went out. Brilliance constant.

11. COMMENTS
Occultation of Saturn.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Astronomical
☑ Probably Astronomical
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NEW MEXICO COLLEGE
OF AGRICULTURE AND MECHANIC ARTS
PHYSICAL SCIENCE LABORATORY
BOX 548
STATE COLLEGE, NEW MEXICO

TELEPHONE
LAS CRUCES, N. M.
JACKSON 6-6811

Dr. J. Allen Hynek,
Smithsonian Astrophysical Obs.,
Cambridge 38, mass.

Dear Allen:

How are things going?
Enclosed is a copy of a letter from a Lt. Greene. It seems that he has observed a very unusual object, which I thought should come to your attention. I am not in a position to help other than to advise him to seek possible Co-witnesses for his area of Palm Springs, California. I also enclosed is a carbon copy of my letter to him which I took the liberty of mentioning you. Can you advise or help him in any way?

I am steadily making progress on bolting the large steel machinery together for my own twin 16-inch reflecting telescope on Sundays, Sat. PM, and other off-hours. The family and I spent a delightful weekend at Organ Peak that 9 August. Angie (my daughter) is a college freshman at N&M.

How does space grab you lately?
Sincerely yours,


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Saturn Visible in South

Along with Venus and Jupiter, which will be visible in the early evening, and Saturn, the fifth planet will offer an opportunity to see the famous aurora borealis

By JAMES STOKLEY

► ALTHOUGH SATURN is the only planet visible in August, it will be the brightest in the evening sky, with two others can be seen with the naked eye.

► Bright as Venus about an hour after sunset, Saturn will be a brilliant light which will be easy to locate, low in the western sky.

► A little north of Jupiter, a little bright half an hour later, Venus, brighter still, will be visible at the same time.

► Saturn, about a half an hour after sunset, will form a triangle with two other planets, Ophiuchus, the serpent-bearer, and the Janus, the two-faced god of ancient Roman mythology.

Five Bright Were

► Antares in the constellation of Scorpius is the most westerly bright star visible in August.

► The next brightest star is Altair, overhead at the lower's end of the summer triangle.

► Antares is in Scorpius, the best of the summer constellations.

► Antares, the heart of the scorpion, lies toward the western horizon.

► The fifth of the bright stars is Deneb, lowest in the summer triangle.

[The rest of the text in the middle section is too blurry/illegible to confidently transcribe]

The document appears to be a newspaper or magazine article about astronomical observations, specifically focusing on the visibility of Saturn and other celestial bodies in the night sky during August.


- page 3 -

Science News Letter for July 27, 1957

SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS

world, the great concern scientists effort - Celestial Time Table for Aug.

over attempted to learn more about the AUG. EST.
earth and its environment. This is the 4 1:53 p.m. Moon in first quarter
International Geophysical Year and the 10 4:10 p.m. Moon passes Saturn
earth satellite program is part of it. De- 12 8:48 a.m. Full moon
signed to tell more about the atmos- 18 11:16 a.m. Partial eclipse, moon
phere itself. 25 6:13 a.m. New moon

Another important group of studies is 31 10:33 p.m. Moon passes Jupiter
concerned with the auroras, both of the Seismo News Letter, July 27, 1957
north and south polar regions, along with
other related phenomena of the upper atmosphere. Indeed, the period from July 1, 1957, to Dec.
31, 1958, was chosen for the IGY largely because solar activity is now at maximum, and
these effects are at their height, performing observation by scientists around the world.


- page 4 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   20 August 1957
                                                                       Rio de Janeiro, Brazil

SAUCER OVER RIO DE JANEIRO ON AUGUST 20th, 1957

    "Indefatigable researcher Dr. Olavo Fontes has sent us another clipping. This time it's from "O Diario Carioca" of August 24th 1957."

    "A flying-disc - or an equivalent tube-shaped object - was seen yesterday at a great altitude over the Guanabara Bay, by a considerable crowd that gathered on the two extremes of the Bay - Rio and Niteroi, to watch the event. The saucer was seen from about 15:30 to 18:30 GMT, half an hour describing arcs of 35 degrees. After that time several non-identified planes took off trying to reach to object which seemed to be over the Market Place and Place XV. But soon the object got more altitude and disappeared."

    The apparition of a strange body was also observed last Tuesday (August 20th), when the search-lights of ships in the harbor, the airport and the Sao Joao Fortress tried to locate a body seemingly at 1,000 meters.

    "Trying to get official confirmation of the mentioned facts, the reporter interviewed Colonel Adamar Caetano, C.O. of the Galeao Base, who said laconically that from his Base no aircraft took off to pursue the objects and that he knew nothing about the saucers. He added that from the Calabougo Airport no military aircraft took off. Because there are no military aircraft there. (Here he is quite mistaken. There's plenty of military aircraft in the Calabougo Airport, but ok)."

    "In the section of aircraft of the Third Aerial Zone, the reporter found out that on August 20th (Tuesday) a flying disc made its appearance on an altitude computed to be 1,000 meters by the Santos Dumont Airport. At once the search lights from ships (war-ships) at the Navy Yard of Ilha das Cobras, and Sao Joao Fortress were trained over the object and soon it zeroed it for a few moments before it disappeared."

    "The saucer of yesterday appeared about 15:30 (18:30 GMT). Several people who were about to board the ferry boat to Niteroi saw a great crowd in the pier all commenting about flying saucers. Soon after a ferry boat arriving from Niteroi brought all passengers commenting about a flying saucer they had seen at 15:35 (18:35 GMT) over the Bay entrance. During the 25 minutes trip to Rio the passengers saw the object zig-zagging (or oscillating? Ed.) swiftly, describing a 35 degrees arc."

    The object as described by a passenger looked like a round bath tube or a basin, reverberating light as though it were made of glass or luminous metal (sic). Passengers reckoned the thing to be really 15 times as great as a basin. (Regular size about 2 feet, then the body would be 30 feet wide or 10 meters. Editor)."

    "Also in Palco XV people crowded in the pier to watch the same object. Several aircraft took off trying to get to the same altitude as the body, among the aircraft, there were pursuit planes. Soon, without stopping its strange evolutions the saucer got more altitude and disappeared."

    "Can anybody tell me what was it?"


- page 5 -

No Case (Information Only)                                21 August 1957
                                                                   Los Angeles, California
                                                                   "Little Man Report"

Aug.21-San Francisco,Cal-9pm-Fiery UFO & loud Skyquake together!!Ahaa-yes
(+Another "New Mex.Crash & Little Men"Report from USA.(Cal)(KPT)
(+Antibiotic-Ice used to preserve Seafood in Santos,Brazil(Gad!))


- page 6 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                22 August 1957

MEXICAN HAT DANCE OVER WHITTIER, CALIFORNIA

On the evening of August 22nd, numerous residents in and around Whittier, California reported watching a remarkable display of UFOs. Among the witnesses was Mr. Warner Little, his wife, three teen-aged sons, and his eight-year-old daughter Sandra, who first told of seeing the objects. Running into the house early in the evening, she told her mother "There are two eyes looking at me from the sky!" Mrs. Little washing dishes, paid no attention. She then told her father, who was in the bedroom, he looked out of the west window and saw that there were two bright, round discs high in the sky. Directly behind were jets, recognizable by their exhaust trails. The time was exactly 7:19 p.m.

Thinking there was a chance that the UFOs might return, Mr. Little returned to the house and got his telescope. The scope, a Bushnell, has a 60-mm. objective of 910 mm. focal length; he was using a 30-power eyepiece.

As was setting up the telescope in the yard, Mrs. Little pointed up. "There come two more of them!" While Mr. Little was sighting the scope on these two objects, approaching slowly from the southeast, someone else called out "Look straight up--there's a whole flat of them!" Actually, four more objects were visible near the zenith; no one had seen them arrive. The two from the southeast joined them and stopped.

The six objects were grouped in pairs: two were to the east of the zenith, two to the west, and remaining two to the south. Although they were hovering motionless, each appeared to be rotating upon its own axis. All were inclined at a slight angle toward the center of the formation. Presently all six began revolving in a circular motion around the zenith; this continued for about five minutes. As they circled, still in pairs, they rocked slowly back and forth toward the center of the circle; this peculiar motion enabled the observers to see the upper portion of each object. They were carefully viewed through the telescope. All were identical; they were solid-appearing, with clearly defined edges, and on the top of each object was a pronounced dome-like protuberance. This dome was not rounded, but appeared more "angular," and blended in smoothly with the disc-like base of the objects.

The overall resemblance to a Mexican sombrero was striking. The thickness of the objects was about one-twentieth of the diameter. To the naked eye, the diameter of each object was about equal to the diameter of a cigarette held at arm's length (about the same as the full moon). At intervals, one of the objects would be seen to emit a small puff of smoke. From its trailing edge, this smoke dispersed quickly.

It was noted that only one member of each pair did this.

When the objects finally began moving away, they did so at a moderately slow speed. Two made a right angle turn to the east, the others continued to the north as a close group. Mr. Little was tracking one of the two objects in the east, while his eldest son watched through the eyepiece of the scope, when they saw the color change from a silver to a red, then orange, glow. The color change began at the base of the "super-structure" on top. The top of the "super-structure," as well as the edge of the disc, appeared to turn black.

At this point, the disc-centered on the cross hairs of the eyepiece at the time suddenly vanished. Looking up, Mr. Little saw that it had vanished entirely from view. The rest of the witnesses confirmed that all of the objects had disappeared instantaneously. Mr. Little checked the time: it was 7:40 p.m. (Sunset that day was about 7:15.) He immediately called the Pasadena Air Defense Center, but got a "no comment" reply.

While the Littles were watching the objects from their yard, the aerial display was also being observed, independently, by their neighbors, Mr. & Mrs. John Iseli, and Mrs. Little's mother, Mr. Iseli, a former skeptic, reversed his opinions abruptly after seeing the strange objects. They confirmed precisely what the Littles had reported.


- page 7 -

We are indebted to CSI members Isabel Epperson and Jackie Sanders, who obtained the details directly from the two families. In addition, they interviewed at least six other witnesses, including:

An elderly lady named Mrs. Fromm, living about two blocks from the Littles, who spotted the objects as she watered her lawn.

Mrs. Eugene Jones, who was in the back yard of her home, a mile away, when she noticed them.

Mr. & Mrs. Thomas F. Rogers, also of Whittier, who, with a guest, were having a barbecue supper when they saw what they thought were three objects (Living four miles from the Littles, they apparently mistook the paired Objects, as described by the Littles, for single objects. They did not have the benefit of using binoculars or telescope).

Mr. Don T. Frost, who lives in Rivere--6 miles away. He was with his little daughter watching planes in the sky when they beheld the aerial minute.

Another Rivera resident--who flatly refused to have his name printed--was sitting on his patio. He was so shaken by what he saw that it wasn't until a day or so later that he told his wife about it--after he learned a neighbor had seen the same phenomenon.

Mrs. Epperson added that a triangulation of the various reports was made; it indicated an altitude of 2,300 feet.

One intriguing aspect of this affair--and perplexing as well--is the reported abrupt disappearance of the objects. The Research Section has at least two other cases in its files in which unidentified aerial objects have exhibited this same unorthodox behavior.

The first--a daytime sighting--took place near LaFayette, New York in May, 1946. Two young men were driving north toward Syracuse in an open convertible, when they saw a large, metallic cylinder with sharply pointed ends, poised motion--then a clear sky northwest of their position. After watching the phenomenon--this was a year before "flying saucers" whirled into view--for several minutes, it abruptly and inexplicably vanished from sight.

The second incident occurred on the night of December 9, 1955, on the Jersey Turnpike near Teterboro Airport. A luminous green bullet-shaped object with two brilliant "portholes" on the side was seen to cross the Turnpike as a low altitude and at close range, and then to disappear.


- page 8 -

No Case (Information Only)                     24 August 1957
                                                         Ilka S. Gais, Brazil

SAUCERS OVER MINAS GERAIS
    *CBDY is also indebted to Dr. Olavo Fontes for the following items about saucers
over Brazil:

    From "O Globo" September 5th. "Roberto" Augusto Menescal Campos, student of
the Curso Prata Metallurgy School, told the reporters that he saw in the sky coming from the north, a mysterious luminous body, round in shape. It could be described as a star although its light was opalescent and its speed was tremendous.

    *In "Diario da Noite" (Rio) of 12th August, the witness was Roberto Augusto Menescal Campos, who with two other witnesses saw the craft made up and down motion on a straight line; it was noiseless, and the witness generally made about saucers. This was the second time somewhat described by a source; the first being on Sunday 11th August 1957 at 17:40 (local time).

    From other sources CICOANI received information that on the same August 24th about 18h same time, two saucers were seen over the Pedro Branco Ranch, near the township of Pedro Leopoldo, near Velhas River. These objects described a "horizontal straight line of flight".

    Our next topic will be the verification of the saucers aforementioned seen over the State of Minas Gerais. Again we are indebted to Dr. Olavo Fontes for the information: A State representative, on the very same Saturday 24th at 18:30 (41:30 GMT) saw a saucer coming from the north. Let us plot it over a map and see what happened.

Map of Minas Gerais by the
National Geographic Magazine
issued Oct 1950 Vol.XCVIII
No.4:

Scale 1:2,000,000 or
126.3 miles to the inch.

[The rest of the text is partially obscured or cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

August 30 Td
Dr. Olavo Pontes from Rio de Janeiro, kindly sent a clipping corroborating the sighting over Vitoria on August 30 and printed on August 31 by "A Tribuna".
The clipping reads: "A big luminous body - maybe flying disc - leaving a bright blue-green trail behind, was seen last Saturday by several people in Vitoria. The strange round aircraft, flying over the Convent of Penha, and with great speed disappeared near the airport. Among the witnesses are Messers August Azevedo, Lelistenart Alves Castro, Mauro da Silva, Diogo Oliveira, Cezar Neves, Virgilio Sousa Neto, José Carlos Rodrigues Vale, Silvio Romero, Castro and the nuns of Sacred Heart of Mary. (Saturday was August 31st. Ed.)."

CPDV is also indebted to Dr. Olavo Pontes by the following items about saucers over Brazil:

From "O Globo" September 5th. Roberto augusto Menescal Campos, student of the Ouro Preto Metallurgy School told the reporters that he saw in the sky coming from the north, a mysterious luminous body, round in shape, it could be described as a star. Although its light was quiescent and its speed was tremendous. It was about 18:30 (21:30 GMT) at the sunset on the evening of August 24th. The witness says the craft made up and down motions on a straight line; its axis was motionless and left no trail. From Itamarandiba, the CICOANI (Civilian Saucer Investigation Center) received information that two reliable witnesses had been over that city two flying objects which answered the descriptions generally made about saucers. This was the second time that township was observed by saucers, the first being on July 14th this year at 17:40 (20:40 GMT). From other sources the CICOANI received information that on the same August 24th about the same time, two saucers hovering over the Pedro Branco Ranch, near the township of Pedro Leopoldo, near Velhas River, These objects described a horizontal straight line of flight.

ORTHOPENY?

Our next topic will be the confirmation of the saucers aforementioned seen over the State of Minas Gerais. Again we are indebted to Dr. Olavo Pontes for the information. A State representative, on the very same Saturday August 24th at 18:30 (21:30 GMT) saw a saucer coming from the north. Let us plot it over a map and see what happens.


- page 10 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   30 August 1957
                                                                       Victoria, Brazil

Dr. Olavo Fontes from Rio de Janeiro, kindly sent a clipping corroborating the sighting over Victoria on August 30 and printed on August 31 by "A Tribuna". The clipping was "A big luminous body - maybe a flying disc - leaving a bright blue-green trail behind", was seen last Saturday by several people in Victoria. The strange round "aircraft", flew very low over the Convent of Penha, and with great speed disappeared near the airport. Among the witnesses are Messers August Assevedo, Leitenant Almir Castro, Magno da Silva, Diogenes Oliveira, Cezar Neves, Virgilio Sousa Neto, José Carlos Rodrigues Vale, Silvio Romero Castro and the nuns of Sacred Heart of Mary. (Saturday was August 31st. Ed.).


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

31 Aug 1957

Pasadena
Sept 25, 1957

Dear Capt. -

Though you might be interested in this photo treat it confidentially or it leaves C.T.
with bowels of a real face!

What if they couldn't explain how might the oscillation of Saturn by the moon exactly. The moon passed

over Saturn, dark side prot. g course to the bright light went out instantaneously. This is a rather rare occurrence and you're not too surprised that it might then C.T. should have caught on. I'll go to Washington early next week and 8th Iowa


- page 12 -

1 - 17 SEPTEMBER 1957 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER           EVALUATION

1       Chitose AFB, Japan                      Military (PHOTO)   Other (NEGATIVE FLAW)
1       Canton, Ohio (CASE MISSING)             Military           Aircraft
2       Fort Myers, Florida (CASE MISSING)      Civilian           Astro (STAR)
2       Kelly AFB, Texas                        Military           Astro (VENUS)
3       Yuma, Arizona                                              Other (TOM TARGET)
3       Presque Isle AFB, Maine                 Military           Insufficient Data
4       Ohio, Wisconsin Area                    Multi              Astro (AURORA)
5       New-Archbold, Ohio                                         Insufficient Data
5-6     Upland, California                                         Astro (METEOR)
7       Wales, North Dakota                                        Insufficient Data
7       West Germany                            Civilian           Astro (METEORS)
9-10    Philadelphia, Pennsylvania              Civilian (PHYSICAL S)   Other (CHAFF)
10      Portland, Oregon                                           Aircraft
10      Wheelus AFB, Libya                      Military           Aircraft
11      Lackland AFB, Texas                     Military           Other (BIRDS)
12      NE France                               Military           Balloon
12      Tulsa, Oklahoma                                            Other (RADAR MALFUNCTION)
12      Bellwood, Nebraska                                         Insufficient Data
13      Osan AFB, Korea                         Military           Balloon
14      San Antonio, Texas                                         Insufficient Data
15      Lincoln County, Nevada                                     Other (INCONSISTENT DATA)
16      Southern Italy                                             Aircraft
16      Pecos, New Mexico                                          Astro (METEOR)
17      St Louis, Missouri                                         Insufficient Data
17      Columbus, Ohio (CASE MISSING)           Civilian           Balloon
17      Gravilla, Illinois (CASE MISSING)       Civilian           Aircraft
17      Kansas City, Missouri                                      Aircraft

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE             EVALUATION
Sep     Universe
Early Sep Utsuba Beach                          Science News Ltr
10      Pleasant Valley, New York               AFRO Bulletin
                                                Newsclipping


- page 13 -

Sept 13 1957
Palm Springs Cal

Prof.
Ned Hayes Colby & M.
Ned Myers

Dear Prof Finklestein
On August 31st 1957 I
and my wife were at a
residence near to a light
on my way to the dark
portion of the half moon
of pale compare at home
the lights was larger
than the rest of a
common star and much
brighter. There was


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

on Oct. 3.   Back in Boston
Oct. 7
I threw I have to be
in Columbus arrived Oct 20
on Oct 23, for just a short
stay.

Regards to all —

Allen Hynek

Well, enough for this case. I had a rather interesting situation here of a case reported by an astronomer who certainly should know better (1) to woman an unusual sighting was reported and he stated in letter that there was nothing astronomical about it. It took only a glance to note that the person had observed the ocultation of the planet Saturn by the moon on the evening of August 31. These observer reported a light brighter than the moon practically on top of the moon! He also reported that the light suddenly went out. Of course it did. The light, Saturn, was eclipsed for the better part of an hour by the moon! It takes all kinds to make a world.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

These photos were took
place at 8:30 PM and
8:36 PM on Aug 30, 1957
Traveled to top of for 3
minutes. It was held up
and for additional 5 minutes
with powerful binoculars.
To the extent prove it
was a real and not a cloud
top the same out on we
star 20 dimmed almost
like to know if this is the
same as what we saw with
25 x 8 not sure either


- page 16 -

The text on this page is partially legible. Here's what I can make out:

Left are
stated it if you might
minutes. clear out
much allowance. an
star going down behind
a point with and into
...eight
...ion was
...to with 12...
...from...

Some words and phrases are difficult to read due to the poor quality and faded nature of the document. Large portions of the text are illegible or only partially discernible.


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

4

is a result there and
the paper and Radio
Station are a little hard
to persuade without help.
I was reported this to
the via Base Commander
of the Edwards Air Force
Base at their expense.
Everybody was to be
afraid to say anything
to some tell public -
tell I know as I saw
it and this was the
last time I will fight
to get it to point

to


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

5

interested ste ups to
if you
Thank you I am

Very truly yours

John R. Green
1st Lt. U. S. Hq.

216 N. Calle Santa Rosa
Palm Springs, Calif.


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

NEW MEXICO COLLEGE
OF AGRICULTURE AND MECHANIC ARTS
PHYSICAL SCIENCE LABORATORY
BOX 848
STATE COLLEGE, NEW MEXICO

ADJACENT TO AND COOPERATING WITH
WHITE SANDS PROVING GROUND

TELEPHONE:
LAB CRUCES, N. M.
JACKSON 8-8811

16 Sept. 1957

Lt. John B. Greene
216 N. Caile Santa Rosa
Palm Springs, California

Dear Lt. Greene:

Thank you for the communication of your very interesting observation. Evidently, it was no known astronomical object. It is remarkable that an object of such small angular dimension would be brighter than the moon - hence, the source of its light must have been from some high temperature of its own and not reflection of any light.

Unfortunately, I was not home when you tried to call me. If the object were as high as 50 miles or more, it would have been visible from Las Cruces in the low southwest, and we would have been able to measure its height by parallax.

I shall send a copy of your letter to my friend, Dr. J. Allen Hynek, at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory at Cambridge, Massachusetts. Until recently, he conducted an analysis of reported observed objects of this kind while he was professor at Ohio State University where he had a contract to study such reports. I am sure that he will be sympathetic and he may be able to offer a plan of action.

The object you witnessed certainly ought to receive some scientific analysis. If some other observer within 100 miles also saw it, it would provide important information on height, absolute magnitude, etc.

Enclosed is a copy of an account of the strangest sight I have ever witnessed. You may keep it.

Sincerely yours,
CWTids

CLYDE W. TOMBAUGH
Astronomer


- page 20 -

