The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a Project 10073 Record Card.

27 September 1957
W. Jefferson, Ohio
1930
Object sighted looked like a red fireball going on a SW course, moved from horizon to horizon in 2 minutes.
Evaluation: Probably n/a sighting.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form that was used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena (UFO) sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can possibly remember. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 9/6 - Day, 1957 - Year
2. Time of day: 12:30 - Hours, 0 - Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other _____
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Wyandotte, Ohio. Near Postal Address: Williamstown, Ohio, State or Country: Ohio
5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 2 - Hours, 0 - Minutes, 0 - Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: 1. Certain, 2. Fairly certain, 3. Not very sure, 4. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight, b. Dull daylight, c. Twilight, d. Just a trace of daylight, e. Night
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. In back of you, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image contains a UFO report form from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in the image, only a hand-drawn sketch of an object described as "Circular disc". The text in the document has been transcribed as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound __circular slow movement__
b. Color __dull orange__

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate the direction the object was moving. Draw an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Hand-drawn sketch of a circular object]
Circular disc a fall of 8 feet

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle one) a. Sharply defined b. Fuzzy or blurred c. Like a bright star d. Other

19. IF there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Just one

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains a questionnaire with various questions and answer choices related to observations of celestial objects and phenomena.

Page 9
8. IF you saw the object or NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One) a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, were the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car) b. Several blocks away c. A block away d. Several yards away

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Move slowly? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know If you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid b. Transparent c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Wind shield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Cameras Yes No
h. Other

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this document. This appears to be a page from a UFO sighting report form from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. At an airplane

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over the country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Playing football

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was from the horizon (elevation):
31.1 When it first appeared: 90 degrees, 15 Coming
31.2 When it disappeared: 180 degrees, 15 degrees

- page 5 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a report or document, likely related to Project Blue Book, with handwritten text and form fields.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. If possible, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with the following objects held in the hand at arm's length?

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine as nearly as you can what the object that you saw would look like if (How large would it be, and what shape?) you could draw a picture of it. Of what type material would you say it was made? What color or colors was it? Approximately what was the size as compared to some common object like a baseball, basketball, or silver dollar?

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Partly cloudy
d. Overcast
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One):
a. Calm
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember  

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One):
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? 
720 pm

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 (Circle One) Yes, No
36.2 (Circle One) Yes, No (Please list their names and addresses)

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object like this?
37.1 (Circle One) Yes, No (If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?)
Keep a fragment sail together

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Definitely not a falling star - more like a rooket(sic)

- page 7 -

The image contains three sketches or illustrations, but no photographs. The first sketch shows a curved line with an object above it, and instructions to place an "A" on the curved line to indicate how high the object was when the observer first saw it, and then to place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was later. The second and third sketches appear to depict different perspectives or positions of the observed object.

Text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was later when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to similar sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

Here is the text from the document, extracted using an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Yes (Estimate)* - m.p.h. 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Yes (Circle One)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
MIDDLE: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Street, [redacted] Zone, [redacted] State
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
What is your present job?  [redacted]
Age: 25 Sex: M.
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school *Experienced
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day - Month - Year

- page 9 -

