PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 Jul 57

2. LOCATION
Pacoima, Calif.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
041 to 0142

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
25 minutes

8. COURSE
SW to stationary

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One obj round, size of dime, color white, object moving slowly SW to W, blinking white, no sound. Obj finally blinked out. Obj rptd at 270 dgr azimuth at initial sighting and disappearance.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Astronomical
Arcturus in position rptd.

10. PHOTOS
No

11. COMMENTS
Arcturus in position rptd.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

3 31/0431 Z

WPC36 YDD033 XYC024 XDE011/T?-007XXJE0001
OO RJEDEN RJEDWP RJEPHO
ZDK
JBE022
OO RJEDEN RJEDWP RJEPHO
DE RJWPJB 3E
O 3117132
FM COMDR 665TH ACWRON BORRUE CALIF
1O RJEDEN/COMDR ADC ENT AFB COLO SPRINGS NOLO
RJWPJE/COMDR 27TH ADIV DEF NORTON AFB CALIF
RJEDWP/COMDR AIR TECH INTELLIGENCE CENTER WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
RJEP/DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE HQTRS USAF WASH D C
BT
UNCLAS 660PS 080-Y PD UFOB PD 1.A.ROUND. B.DIME. C.WHITE. D.ONE.
E.NONE. F.NONE. G.NONE. H.NONE. I.NONES 2.A./BLINKING WHITE LIGHT.
B.45/ PERCENT 270 DEGREE. C.45 DEGREE AT 270 DEGREE. D.SOUTHWEST
TO WEST MOVING SLOW. E.BLINKED OUT. F.0413Z TO 0444Z. 3.A.GROUND
VISUAL. B.NONE. C.NONE 4.A.31 JULY 0413Z. B.DARK. 5.BE 3216 SAN
FERNANDO 34 16 NORTH 613 26 WEST. 6.REDACTED 28 YEARS REDACTED
PACOIMA, CALIFORNIA. HOUSE WIFE PHONE EMPIRE
56122. 7.A.CLEAR. B.NONE C.NONE. D.29 MILES. E.NONE F.NONE 3.NONE
S.NONE 10.NONE. 11.JOHN W SHARP 1ST LT SENIOR DIRECTOR. POSSIBLE
LIGHT CIVILIAN TYPE AIRCRAFT WITH FAULTY TAIL LIGHT AND AT SUCH A
DISTANCE FROM OBSERVER THAT IT COULD NOT BE HEARD. 12.NONE
AVAILABLE.
BT
31/1737 JUL RJWPJB


- page 2 -

Science News Letter for June 22, 1957

SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS

This object is visible only through a telescope a small one, say with a lens three inches in diameter, along a line as an oval patch of light, while a larger instrument would reveal it as a ring of nebulosity. This is the famous Ring Nebula in Lyra, a classic example of the class of "planetary" nebulae.

There were called this in the early days because, through smaller telescopes, they resemble planetary disks.

The Ring Nebula, at the top of the 15th magnitude, visible only through good visual telescopes. Somewhat, the radiation from this star seem to exist the nebula as a brightness variable.

But even this does not end the interesting story. Lyra is a famous variable star. E, very 12.2 days it drops from magnitude 14 to 4.3. A maximum it is brighter than the average star. These changes can be observed with the naked eye.

Thus Lyra, small though it is, offers much of interest to the amateur astronomer.

Celestial Time Table for July

JULY EST
1 8:00 p.m.

Earth further from sun
1957, distance 94,413,000
miles

3 5:12 a.m. Moon passes Jupiter
4 midnight Mercury far side of sun
5 1:16 p.m. Mercury in inferior con.
8 2:00 p.m. Venus passes Mars
9 Full moon
10 5:00 p.m. Moon furthest from earth, dis.
15 9:17 p.m. Moon in last quarter
20 5:00 a.m. New moon
23 5:00 a.m. Moon 14,600 miles
29 9:02 a.m. Moon passes Mars
30 6:04 p.m. Moon passes Jupiter

Submitted one hour
MST and three for CST, Two Boats for
Science News Letter, June 22, 1957


- page 3 -

Science News Letter for June 22, 1957

Books of the Week

[The text appears to be a book review section with several book listings and brief descriptions. Some of the visible book titles and authors include:

- How to Farm Your Forest: A Guide
- The Closing College Doors
- The Coast and Geodesy: A Survey 150 Years

The page contains multiple book reviews and descriptions, but due to the image quality, some text is partially illegible. The page is from a scientific publication and focuses on book reviews for that week.]

The rest of the text is too small or blurry to confidently transcribe without potential errors.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FIELDS

MEDICINE
Technique Makes
Injection Painless

• THE ART of giving completely painless
injections with a hypodermic needle has
been explained by Dr. Janet Travell, Cornell
University Medical College, in the American Medical Association meeting in New
York.

Dr. Travell takes specific points in the popular anatomy that the pain of a hypodermic
needle must be expected to cause some pain.
She has devised a new pre-procedure
that eliminates pain and removes the fear
of the needle.

The first step is to spray the skin with a
fine spray of coolant that calls down the
temperature to below 10 degrees centigrade
and tends to quickly invert the nerve endings
in and around the area of injection. This
has no deep tenderness.

The second step is to stretch the local
muscular pain, the pain of the injection
is done away with, Dr. Travell explained.

Normal skeletal muscle is completely inactive to a needle, but with the increasing strain of using muscles develop local
areas of sensitivity that trigger off pain
when touched.

The trick is to miss these with the needle.
And a quick manipulation of the area before
the injection is all that is needed to find them.
The result is a reduction of the pain and the
nail and feel like a whisker to the touch.

SUMMER TIME
Dangers, Doctors Report

• MANY GOOD effects on man but also many
bad effects of sunlight are pointed out by
Norman M. Wrong and H. R. Ruttan of
the University of Toronto in a report.

The bad effects are largely ignored by
the average person and he may develop
serious trouble later, they warn. Some
of the time dangers they report:

• Sunlight is one of the biggest potential
causes of skin cancer and tumors.

Too much sunlight produces sunburn
and can lead to skin aging, freckling, skin
cancer and other skin troubles.

People should be warned sunbathing in

Science News Letter for June 22, 1957

moderation is beneficial but sunbaking may
be dangerous.

The best preventive of skin cancer is to
avoid sunburn at any age. A blonde or redheaded individual with blue eyes should be
particularly careful.

Heat exhaustion, another common summer ailment, can be prevented by excessive heat. It is more common when
there has been no period of adaptation. It
brings on a gradual weakness and loss of
appetite which may progress to general
collapse, H. H. Harned of Montreal, Vancouver, B.C., reports.

Heat stroke is a far more serious condition and results from a breakdown of the
thermoregulating mechanism of the body. It
is characterized by high fever, continuous
without preventive measures, can result in
death.

Medical treatment includes continuous
tepid baths or wrapping the victim in a
wet sheet and spraying it with cool water.

The doctors reported on the summer
hazards in the Canadian Medical Journal.

PHARMACOLOGY

FTC Questions
Antibiotic Industry

• DETAILED information on how much
money the antibiotic manufacturers say
they are bringing on the market has been
requested by the Federal Trade Commission to check on production, patents and other
data relating to antibiotic manufacture.

Among the facts requested by the Commission are those relating to bulk sales of
the drugs, agreements between companies,
the pricing policies for antibiotics during
the development period, and the marketing history of the development period.

Much public interest has been aroused
about the pricing of modern medicines.
The FTC questionnaire to antibiotic manufacturers is by no means meant to be a
policing device, they are designed to give
the Federal Trade Commission up-to-date
information on the economics of the manufacturing industry.

Since antibiotics represent so high a percentage of the total drug market today,
they have become a fit subject for economic
investigation, the Commission believes.

The request for information was developed with the cooperation of antitrust
legal staff of the FTC, John Karr, chairman, emphasized in announcing the
new questionnaire.

As rough drafts of the questionnaire
were prepared, they were discussed with
members of the industry and of the same
legal staff, the FTC spokesman added.

TECHNOLOGY
Relay Sends Photo
40 Miles in 3 Minutes

• THE ARMY revealed it has a facsimile
set that can flash a photograph to a person
miles away five minutes after a photograph has clicked the shutter.

The high-speed photo transmitter is developed by the Army Signal Corps Research
and civilian uses. The set can dash vital
military reconnaissance pictures by radio to
a command headquarters in time to affect
critical decision. It could also change
present methods of photo-reporting by daily
newspapers.

Developed by the U. S. Army Signal
Engineering Laboratories at Fort Monmouth, N. J., the set needs no darkroom or
messengers. It fits easily into the back of
a radio-equipped jeep or car.

With a special electronic high-speed
world, the equipment continues high-speed
Army picture-sending techniques with a
polaroid film that produces a finished print
in one minute. Such a print can then be sent
to a receiver 40 miles away, or thousands of
miles away over standard telegraph lines.

In combat, for example, a front-line soldier with a specially equipped camera can
take a picture of important enemy movements and get a three and one-quarter by
four and one-quarter inch picture to his
commander in five minutes.

The set was developed under the Ethan
the Signal Engineering Laboratories Telecommunications Division and built under
the sponsorship of the Signal Corps by the
Times Facsimile Corporation, New York.

MEDICINE

Bladder Can Be
Grown Around Balloon

• HUMANS can grow completely new
bladders around a plastic balloon implanted
in them, Dr. A. Waine Blaine of the Henry
Ford Hospital, Detroit, Mich., reported.

The plastic balloons, used in patients who
have had their own bladders removed because of cancerous conditions, stimulate the
body to grow a covering wall of muscle
around the balloon, which eventually becomes a new bladder.

Two of three patients tested, although
leading from a. These are constructed
by drawing the bladder and the other base
to the outside of the body.

So far, one of three bladders have
though a serious drawback in some of
the cases has been a leak. Now of these
from the bladder to the kidneys. Although
these sales to the side can be corrected, they present risk, they were some-


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Jupiter and Saturn Rule Skies

Jupiter and Saturn will be brighter than the other visible planets in the July skies within Vega, in the constellation Lyra, will be the brightest star seen at this time.

By JAMES STOKLEY

TWO of the five planets ever visible to the naked eye will be more conspicuous than others on July evenings. Four planets will be in the sky.

As the sun sets in the southwest, in the constellation of Virgo, the twilight fades and the first magnitude star, the astronomer it will be of magnitude minus 1.4.

Low in the southwest stands the constellation Scorpius, the scorpion, its bright star Antares glowing redly. About 14 degrees to its plus 14. This makes it about a fifth of the way up.

Low in the southwest, Jupiter and Saturn are now appearing more prominently. About 10 degrees above the horizon, they will be the first planets to become visible after sunset. The check on standard time (and we have for this) is that they are the first of the bright evening stars to appear as an hour earlier in the middle of the month.

The other two planets that are now visible are before these times, so you will want to look for them quite early in the evening.

Venus, of magnitude minus 2.5, is about twice as bright as Jupiter, but it sets before twilight is completely ended. A little later than an hour after sunset, look near the point where the sun has gone down, and Venus should be clearly visible.

Mars, in the same part of the sky but further south, also sets early.

Of the second magnitude, it is considerably fainter than Venus. Looking in the direction of the sunset, you will see it pass just to the north of Mars on July 11.

Low in the southwest with a pair of binoculars you should see Mars close to the bright star Regulus. Mars went on July evenings. This is high in the east.

Below it toward the horizon in another first magnitude star, Deneb, in Cygnus, the swan. Also a bright star in the southwest is Altair, in Aquila, the eagle. Some of these stars are mentioned in the text below, and the chart below helps to locate them.

High in the southwest is Arcturus, in Bootes, the bear-driver. And to its right or upper right of Ursa Major, the great bear, is the bright star Alioth. The three stars with the faint Polaris form the familiar "bowl" below.

Another distinction is that about 12,000 years from now, as it was 12,000 years ago, Vega will be the Pole Star.

Lyra Leads the Way

Although it is a relatively small constellation, Lyra, which we can see high in the east on July evenings, is marked by a bright star of the first magnitude (Vega) going.

It is often stated that the earth moves around the sun in an almost circular path, and this is correct. However, the sun is moving through space at a speed of about 12 miles per second. Therefore the motion of the earth in space is not really in a circle, but in a helix, what is often mistakenly called a spiral. This is because the earth, while circling the sun's well-called "spiral" star system, is also spinning on its axis, and the whole solar system is traveling is world Lyra.

Star of Distinction

As for Vega, that has several distinctions. It was the first star to be photographed, in 1850, from the Harvard College Observatory, which process was applied to several stars.

Close to Vega, in the general direction of Deneb, the bright star in the constellation of Cygnus, is the star called Epsilon Lyrae.

This is rather rare, of the fifth magnitude, which is one of the dozen fine faintest stars that can be seen with the naked eye. If your eyesight is keen, you will be able to see this is two stars, but two stars. If you are unable to see them with the unaided eye, look with a pair of binoculars. Better still is this view through a small telescope. Then each member of the naked eye pair itself is seen to be a double star, or what is called the double-double.

Going from Vega towards Altair, you come to two other stars, delta and eta Lyrae, and a star further in Aquila, called Albereo, which is between gamma and delta Lyrae. These four form a little parallelogram. Between beta and gamma there is located the ring nebula of Lyra.

The document also includes a star chart of the night sky with constellation names and star positions.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

(Top right)
23 July 1957
Kirkwood, Missouri

Subject: Flying Saucer - July 23

Last July 23 (1957) at two friends and I myself were walking toward the drugstore. We saw something which is still unexplained. We were walking (about 6:30 PM) when someone started to make a very bright star just above the horizon. We noticed nothing unusual about this until it began to move as a terrific speed. However it moved only a short distance. It would then stop and begin to go through a series of color changes it didn't seem to be too high, but it appeared to be at some distance. The thing, whatever it was, continued to move about and change colors for several minutes. It then disappeared behind a grove of trees.

Thinking it might have been some type of new aircraft, we checked with the airport. They reported there were no aircraft anywhere near that position at the time we saw it.

Douglas Soehbing
827 Glenclover Drive
Kirkwood 22, Missouri


- page 7 -

