PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
7 May 57

2. LOCATION
Randolph, Iowa

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local (CT) 0845 1st

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
X Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

6. SOURCE
City

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1/2 hour

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
obj. jumped
around

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
1 obj. round, size of dime, color-blue. Obj. observed through binoculars for 1/2 hr. Obj. seemed to jump around and did not disappear.

11. COMMENTS
It is difficult obvious from description of obj. & was observation with binoculars like sighting was a large obj. or planets.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
X Was Astronomical (C)(NT)
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

Possible RECENT ROUND COMET OBSERVATION


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for March 23, 1957

DIE FIELDS

METALLURGY
Metal Alloy Makes
Powerful Magnets

SUPERIOR magnetic alloy, called
Supermendur, has been developed from
iron, cobalt and vanadium, H. L. Gould
and D. H. Wenny of Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc., Murray Hill, N. J., report in
Electronic Engineering (March).
Its exceptional physical and magnetic
properties were shown in standard tests
in which the alloy established six new
records for high magnetic characteristics,
the engineers report.

It can increase the power output of a
transformer coil by 20%, and improve its
temperature performance, high temperature applications like magnetic amplifier
phone recording diaphragms, they state.
Magnetic equalizers using the alloy can
be reduced in size by 20%, and still furnish
the same output. In high power electronic
circuits the new material will, in some
cases, reduce the number of amplification
stages from two to one, and make further
miniaturization possible.

The alloy is particularly valuable because
it can be cold rolled like other soft magnetic
materials into the thin gauges that are so
vital to modern requirements, the engineers
said.

Science News Letter, March 23, 1957

MEDICINE
Large Number of Dope
Addicts Among Doctors

ENOUGH DOCTORS to squat the entire cutout of one of the country's 76 medical schools turn into dope addicts every year,
Dr. J. DeWitt Fox, Detroit, Mich., reports
in the Journal of the Michigan State Medical
Society (Feb.).

Warning all doctors not to overlook the
menace in their own medical bags, Dr. Fox
quotes Dr. Harris Isbell, director of the
U. S. Public Health Service Hospital for
addicts in Lexington, Ky., as saying that
scarcely a week passes when a "physician
who is a Demerol addict is not admitted
to our institution."

Since Demerol, a never pain killing drug,
made its appearance, most new doctors addicts take to it rather than morphine, Dr.
Fox reports.

Physician addicts fall into three classes:
there are alcoholic physicians who relieve
hangovers with opiates; tired doctors who
habitually blot out fatigue with a narcotic;
and doctors suffering pain from disease,
who overdose themselves with opiates.

"The overly fatigued physician is all too
common. He loses very several nights, re-

make without a 'stimulant' to keep him
going. He takes a dose of morphine, methanol, or Demerol, and goes ahead and makes
his call. Finding such an escape a great
relief he repeats it, until he too falls through
the trap door into addiction," Dr. Fox explains.

However, there is always a serious emotional disorder in the background, which
can be anything from a marital rift to income tax trouble.

"What every physician must remember is
that he is human. Even though in his big
medical bag he has a never-failing method of using narcotics, he must never allow himself the pleasure of using
it," Dr. Fox warned.

Most doctors need a good night's sleep,
more vacation time, and release from tension. Without it, they are in greater danger
from temptation than any layman, because
of their easy access to drugs.

The outstanding feature of these cases
of physician addiction appears to be lacking
of warning voice. Dr. Fox tells of a recent
case of a promising young doctor before they went
out into practice.

"He was a brilliant medical student and intern should
have been warned," Dr. Fox said. "Owners tell their bartenders they will be
useless once they start drinking themselves."

"It is time every doctor—you and me—
and every medical student—be told the 'facts
of life' when it comes to narcotic addiction,"
Dr. Fox warns his colleagues.

Science News Letter, March 23, 1957

PUBLIC HEALTH
13 Among Students
Shows Sharp Decline

IN THE PAST 15 years, the incidence
of active and arrested cases of tuberculosis
among college students has dropped off
sharply.

This result is shown in a survey conducted at the University of California at
Los Angeles.

The survey was conducted in the Student
Health Service under the direction of Dr.
Gertrude Huberty through a grant from
the Los Angeles County Tuberculosis Association.

Tuberculin skin tests were given to more than 2,000 entering students last spring. Reactions were correlated with chest X-ray results. Nineteen percent of the group had positive reactions. Only two of this
group were found to be active cases.

A similar survey in 1940-41 resulted in
40% positive reactions and another in 1946
47 showed 69% positives.

The large percentage of positives in the
later survey was thought to be the result
of the large influx of veterans, many of
whom served in areas where exposure to
the disease was frequent.

"Modern methods of tuberculosis treatment are so effective that students with
active disease often lose but one semester,"
Dr. Huberty says. "They may return the
next semester and continue their education
under chemotherapy which maintains them
in a non-contagious state."

Science News Letter, March 23, 1957

PUBLIC HEALTH
Daily Requirements of
Two B Vitamins Change

NEW "minimum daily requirements" for
two of the B vitamins were proposed by the
Food and Drug Administration in Washington.

The proposed regulation would set a
minimum daily requirement of niacin for
the first time, at 10 milligrams. It would
also reduce the adult minimum daily requirement for riboflavin from two milligrams to one milligram.

The minimum daily requirements help
protect consumers from exaggerated and
misleading claims of the vitamin content
on the labels on foods and drugs. When a
manufacturer claims that a product contains a particular vitamin, he is required
to show on its label how much of the
vitamin it contains and the proportion of
the minimum daily requirement it supplies
for children.

It was known in 1941 that niacin plays
an important role in human nutrition, but
until now there has been no general agreement on the minimum daily requirement.
Dr. E. M. Nelson, Food and Drug Administration, U. S. Department of Health,
Education and Welfare, reported.

The minimum daily requirement of riboflavin was set at two milligrams in 1941.
Dr. Nelson said, but this was based on
rather limited evidence in the cure of
riboflavinosis, a disease caused by too little riboflavin in the diet.

Nutrition scientists are now generally
agreed that the daily requirement may be
met by one-half that amount, he added.

Science News Letter, March 23, 1957

MEDICINE
Temperature Affects Loss
Of Injured Nerve Fiber

A SMALL RISE IN TEMPERATURE
can greatly increase the degeneration of
animal nerve fibers after they are injured,
Drs. H. J. Gamble, F. Goldby and G. M. R.
Smith, St. Mary's Hospital Medical School,
reported in Nature (March 9).

This temperature effect is one of the commonest methods for investigating pathways and connections in the nervous system. It involves studying the degeneration that takes place after experimental injury. It is essential to know how
much time must elapse before it can be
assumed that the surviving nerve fibers,
normally appearing, cannot have been
affected by the injury, the researchers reported.

The effects of temperature were studied
in lizard-like animals that adjust their body
temperatures to that of the surrounding
air. Animals kept at 68 degrees Fahrenheit
showed the same amount of degeneration
within only three days that was found after
three weeks in animals kept 12 degrees
cooler.

Science News Letter, March 23, 1957


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

156

ASTRONOMY
Mercury Seen at Dusk

Jupiter and Mars can also be seen during April. The first eclipse of the year, an annular eclipse of the sun, will occur on April 29. Naked-eye comet scheduled.

By JAMES STOKLEY

> MERCURY, smallest of the nine planets and nearest of them all to the sun around which they revolve, will make one of its rare appearances about the middle of April. On the 15th it will be farthest east of the sun—"greatest eastern elongation" the astronomer calls it—and for a few days around then it will be seen near the western horizon just after sunset. Since at best it will set about an hour and three quarters after the sun, you will have to look for it as dusk gathers.

By the time the western sky is completely dark, Mercury will via have gone out of sight.

Because of this, Mercury does not appear on the accompanying maps, which show how the sky will look about 10 o'clock, your own kind of standard time, at the beginning of April. It will appear similarly about 9:00 p.m. at the middle of the month, and about 8:00 p.m. at the end.

Also not shown on the accompanying maps is the comet scheduled to be visible from the Northern Hemisphere in late April and May. It is predicted to blaze forth at zero magnitude, making it one of the most brilliant objects in the sky at that time.

If the comet lives up to expectations, it will be the biggest and most spectacular of its travel during the 20th century, brighter than Halley's Comet, last seen in 1910.

Known as Comet Arend-Roland after the two Belgian astronomers who discovered it, the object was first spotted on Nov. 8, 1957.

Since then, astronomers both here and abroad followed it with their telescopes until it traveled too close to the sun to be seen. By the end of April, it will be far enough away from the sun to be visible again.

Its brilliance will fade rapidly and it will disappear from naked-eye view by the first of June. During late April, the comet will appear very low in the northwest sky after sunset, between the constellations of Andromeda and Aries, the fam-

ous constellation Roland will reach its peri-helion on April 8, when it will be only 29.7 million miles from the sun.

Two planets besides Mercury are shown. Brightest is Jupiter, which shines high in the south in the constellation of Virgo. The virgin. Jupiter is now so brilliant, about 15 times as bright as a typical star of the first magnitude, there will be little difficulty in locating it.

The other planet is Mars, still receding after the close approach that it made last September, so it has faded greatly. Look toward the west, and you can see it in Taurus, the bull, to the left of the bright star Capella, in Auriga, the charioteer. Mars, however, has the brightness of a star of the second magnitude.

Nine First Magnitude Stars

In addition to Capella, nine other bright stars (fig. of the first magnitude) are now visible. Low in the southwest is Sirius, the dog star, part of the Canis Major, the great hunter.

To the right, directly west, is Orion, the warrior. Part of the figure is below the horizon, at the times for which our maps are drawn, but let us call it visible, above the three stars that form his belt.

Further to the right is Taurus, the bull, in which Mars now stands below the planet Aldebaran, a first magnitude star, although its low altitude causes it to be dimmed. Above Orion is the figure of Gemini, the twins, with Pollux, of the first magnitude, and Castor, of the second.

To the left of this group we find Procyon, in Canis Minor, the lesser dog, still farther to the left, high in the southern sky, is Leo, the lion, with the bright star Regulus.

This star, with a semicircle of stars just above, forms a little figure known as the Sickle. Regulus marks the end of the handle, which points downward.

High in the east is Bootes, the bear driver, with brilliant Arcturus. Below this constellation we find Virgo, the virgin.

Finally, low in the northwest, Vega, part of Lyra, the lyre, is indicated. Even more than Aldebaran, its brilliance is dimmed by its low altitude, but later in the night, as it climbs toward the south, you will be able to see it shining with accustomed glory.

By that time another planet will have appeared: Saturn, in the constellation of Ophiuchus, the serpent-bearer, rises in the east a little before midnight.

Venus, which has not been mentioned, passes behind the sun on April 14, so all month it is too nearly in line with the sun to be seen.

Annular Eclipse of Sun

The first eclipse of the year occurs on April 29, but only in the northwest United States, western Canada and Alaska will North Americans be able to see it. This is an eclipse of the sun, not total but annular. Although the moon passes between the earth and sun, its distance from us is so great that its apparent diameter is not enough to cover the sun completely, as it does in a total solar eclipse.

Instead, a ring of sunlight will remain visible around the dark lunar disc. To see this effect, one would have to be located along a curved area in the Arctic Ocean north of Russia.

Over part of European Russia, most of Asia and northwestern North America there will be a partial eclipse, with the moon passing partly in front of the sun. At Seattle, for example, the eclipse will start at 5:05 p.m. PST, and end at 6:14 p.m.

At 5:40 the eclipse will be at its maximum, with 14½° of the solar diameter covered, so it will not be a very large eclipse.

At Anchorage, Alaska, it lasts from 2:01 p.m. to 4:02 p.m. Alaska standard time, with the maximum at 3:00 p.m. when almost half of the solar diameter will be covered.

Protection for Eyes

People who live in these areas, of course, should not try to look at the eclipse without adequate protection for the eyes. Smoked glass or several layers of over-


- page 3 -

Science News Letter for March 25, 1957

SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS

exposed photographic film should be used. Sunlight, sun glasses or welder's goggles are not sufficient protection.

Mercury, which appears at the middle of April, has mean distance from the sun of only 36,000,000 miles, somewhat more than a third the earth's distance of 93,000 miles.

As it swings around the sun, it appears alternately to the west and east of the body. In the former case it moves along the sun as they make their daily trip around the sky. Then it may just before sunrise, in the morning twilight.

When out of the sun, as it is in April, it remains above the western horizon after the sun has set. However, this does not always bring it into our view.

When such an eastern "elongation" occurs in the autumn, it is not nearly as favorable for evening viewing as when it occurs in the spring.

In April, this year conditions are almost at their best, so take advantage of your opportunity.

Even when Mercury does thus come into view, it never remains visible after twilight has faded and it is never seen very high in the sky, while the period over which it can be easily observed is not more than about a week.

The great Polish astronomer Copernicus, who showed that the planets revolve around the sun, is said never to have seen Mercury. Even at an elongation, the low-flying mists usually obscured it.

Celestial Time Table for April

APRIL EST
4 10:41 p.m. Moon passes Mars
7 3:52 p.m. Moon at first quarter
11 8:00 p.m. Moon nearest, distance 236,100 miles
12 9:02 a.m. Moon passes Jupiter
14 7:09 a.m. Full moon
17 8:00 a.m. Venus passes behind sun
17 9:41 p.m. Moon passes Saturn
21 10:00 a.m. Neptune nearest, distance 2,734,000 miles
24 4:00 p.m. Moon farthest, distance 251,500 miles
29 6:54 p.m. New moon—partial eclipse of sun visible in northwestern North America


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Sgt. Will:

[Newspaper Clipping 1 - Left Column]
Visiting Comet
To Be Visible
On Saturday

[Newspaper Clipping 2 - Right Column]
ASTRONOMY
New Comet Will be
Visible to Naked Eye

[Handwritten Note at Bottom]
New Comet at end of April and first half of May. Will probably be noted as UFO's & "flying saucers". By some. This Comet was only listened three months ago.

The text of the newspaper clippings appears to be partially cut off, so I cannot reproduce their full contents. The visible portions discuss a comet that will be visible to the naked eye in late April and early May.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

GETTING ACQUAINTED WITH ASTRONOMY
COMETS - 1

AS OUR SUN drifts through space today, and the constellation Hercules, it carries along an enormous cloud of cosmic dust, an envelope so extensive it reaches much of the way to the nearest star.

Practically none of the multitudes of objects making up this cloud resembles the traditional nature of comets. They do not have fuzzy comae or long tails. Instead, typical comets when far from the Sun are small, dark, and hard to detect. They are believed to be lightly massed, or frozen masses of irregular shape with heavier materials, like loosely packed dirty snowballs, miles in diameter. All of them are moving in more or less elongated paths around the sun.

Only when one of these snowballs approaches near the inner parts of the planetary system does its characteristic change. Solar heating evaporates its surface layers, forming a halo of gas and dust. As the comet approaches nearer to the sun, this self-adding impetus will see that the small, bright nucleus is surrounded by a nebulous coma many thousands of miles across, with a tail millions of miles long, pointing away from the sun. As it nears the sun's abscesses, the tail and coma shrink and vanish, leaving only the nucleus. Since the ejected gas and dust have been permanently lost into interplanetary space, each time a comet passes near the sun its mass

is depleted. On a cosmic time scale, it is a temporary body.

Of the one hundred comets in our solar system recorded with modern instruments, just near enough to Sun and Earth to become bright enough for detection. Since the dawn of history about 1,600 comets have been recorded with some certainty. The number is indefinite, partly because ancient writings often do not distinguish between comets and meteors.

During the present century, comets have been discovered at an average rate of five or six per year. One banner year was 1906, during which no fewer than 23 were under observation: eight previous discoveries, four new ones, nine returning periodic comets, and two "annual" comets (visible in all parts of their nearly circular orbit).

Systematic observations of all 25 were obtained by Elizabeth Roemer with the U.S. Naval Observatory's 40-inch telescope in Arizona.

Nearly every year two or more bright comets are first recognized by amateurs with small telescopes. However, most new ones are relatively faint objects, picked up accidentally in the course of sky-scanning programs with large telescopic cameras. Since 1916 a systematic search with large telescopes has been maintained at Skalnate Pleso Observatory in Czechoslovakia, with 25 100 binoculars. On the average, this highly successful program yields one new comet per 200 hours of searching.

As soon as a new comet is discovered, information centers at Harvard and Copenhagen observatories, it receives a provisional designation. Thus the first comet of 1956 discovered by K. Keya became 1956f. The sixth comet discovered that year became 1956g.

[The rest of the text continues but is cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

In these preliminary orbit calculations,
it is assumed that the path around the
sun is an ellipse and that the approximation for the time being. The
parabola can be specified exactly by five
numbers, which may be illustrated by
Comet Kepler's 1680.

The object was close to the sun on
October 28, 1963, at a distance of 22
astronomical units. Its orbit was nearly
inclined 9° to that of the earth's orbit.
The intersection line of these two points
points toward heliocentric longitude 322°,
marking the ascending node, or passage
of the comet northward across the ecliptic.

Finally, the angle in the comet's
orbital plane is 115° from the ascending
node to perihelion.

Nowadays, a comet is common for a comet
to remain under observation for several
months after its discovery. Comet Stearns
(Comet Stearns 1927 IV) was
tracked for four years before it was lost.
It is then possible to compute a definitive
orbit, which utilizes all the positional
measurements. In this calculation the
shape of the orbit is determined.

Minor, always, the orbit is highly elongated, with only a small arc received by
our observations. Halley's Comet, for
instance, has a period of 76 years, but
during its last return (perihelion was
April 20, 1910) it could be observed only
from September, 1909, to July, 1911. The
path of Halley's Comet is an ellipse of
eccentricity 0.967, so its astronomical
path runs from 0.80 to 35.8 astronomical
units. At present, this comet is still outside Neptune's orbit, but is traveling inward on its next return to the sun's
vicinity in 1986.

Halley's Comet is notable for its short
period of 3.3 years. Its perihelion point

The main tail of a comet points away from the sun. Radiation pressure of sunlight, as well as the solar wind, drives gases and dust outward from the head.
Diagram from "Astronomie," by L. Rudaux and G. de Vaucouleurs.

is near the orbit of Mercury, while at
aphelion it is nearly as distant as Jupiter
from the sun. It just attains naked-eye
visibility at favorable returns. Often
Encke's Comet is said to have the shortest
known period, P = 3.3 years (by J. R. Hind
and P. H. (Wilson) Harrington) has been
justly praised for its 23 years. This probably is incorrect. No other periodic comet
has been discovered by the Comet Stearns.

Cometary orbital motions are greatly
disturbed by the gravitational attractions
of the planets, especially Jupiter. We
may visualize a comet orbit as an ellipse
that is constantly changing slightly at
size, shape, and orientation, but the determination of these changes by orbital
alteration can be large and rapid. Very
lengthy calculations are needed to follow
the course of the comet step by step.

Nowadays electronic computers have
made the large-scale calculation of comet

perturbation a much less formidable task.
It is now feasible to trace the motion of
a comet during many revolutions and
through complex transformations. The
results of one such study are reported on
page 16 of this issue.

An important question is whether the
comets that we observe have all originated
within the solar system, or whether some
are interlopers from interstellar space.
There are, indeed, a small fraction of
comets whose orbits appear to be hyperbolic rather than closed curves, but no
any particular instance it is conceivable
that the observed hyperbolic shape could
have been imparted by planetary perturbations.

Hence it is necessary to compute back
ward, step by step, the path along which
the comet approached the sun, taking accurate account of planetary perturbations.
At a distance of, say, 100 astronomical
units, before planetary perturbations have
had an opportunity to act appreciably,
the original shape of the orbit is found.
With the aid of modern computers, it
turns out that the original orbits are
ellipses. Thus, all comets, or nearly all,
are permanent members of our solar
system.

An earlier attempt to settle this question failed for an interesting reason. Since
the sun is moving about 12 miles a second
toward Hercules, then more interstellar
comets should tend to approach us from
that direction than the opposite. More
detailed investigation showed the fallacy
of the sky.

(To be continued.)

The head of Halley's Comet, in a four-minute
exposure with Mount Wilson 60-inch
telescope on May 5,
1910, shows, in this
view, the small, bright
nucleus, its surrounded
by several diffuse asymmetric envelopes. The
comet is seen edgewise
on the side facing the
sun. This famous comet
has been seen at
least 29 returns. One
of the best photographs of the comet pictures is contained in the famous
Bayeux tapestry, showing the 1066 appearance of Halley's Comet.

January, 1964, SKY AND TELESCOPE, 25


- page 7 -

No Case (Information Only)
Source: Satellite 1 Jun 57 (Richard Hall)

April 1957
Conard AFB, California

OCS OFFICIAL WATCHES UFO
Wednesday, CALIF. 14 June, 1957
(From Los Angeles Mirror News)

Shortly after midnight, a UFO was seen moving slowly overhead near Conard AFB by various observers. At 127.1 M.H. an unidentified object, as plotted by radar, was similar to the object. Observers midnight by OCS personnel including Capt. Dewey Croy, Wagner, an expert on aircraft identification, who was in charge of the air movement identification, stated the UFO was a balloon. Thinking it was a balloon, Wagner checked with the weather station. Everyone disclaimed the object. Radar indicated the object.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

NOTE: ALTHOUGH THE FOLLOWING OCCURRED ABOUT 10 YEARS IN THE PAST, WE HAD NO CONFIDENCE IN THE AIR FORCE AT THAT TIME (UFO INVESTIGATION)

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR F[illegible]

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? A SUNDAY IN APRIL 1957
   Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 11 - 30 APPROX
   (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.    Hours    Minutes

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving, b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   DALTON LAND PT WOODWARD BY-PASS    OMAHA    NEBRASKA

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10-15 [SECS]
   a. Certain    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Just a guess
   Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? WITNESSED ESTIMATE
   Yes    No

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
   Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY    a. Light    b. Clear
   NIGHT    a. Bright    b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
                b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

10 YEARS AGO, THE OCCURRENCE IS STILL VIVID IN MEMORY. 
PERHAPS YOUR RECOLLECTIVENESS HAS IMPROVED.
(CONTINUE INVESTIGATION)

AIR FORCE UFO FORM

Page 1                                                                   Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                                                  8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                                                  a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                                                 b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                                                  c. No moonlight-pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                                                        d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
   CLOUDS (Circle One):                                                  WEATHER (Circle One):
   a. Clear sky                                                             a. Dry
   b. Hazy                                                                  b. Fog, mist, or light rain
   c. Scattered clouds                                                      c. Moderate or heavy rain
   d. Thick or heavy clouds                                                 d. Snow
                                                                            e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                                                                d. as a light
    b. Transparent                                                          e. Don't remember
    c. Vaporous/opaque

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                                                             c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                                               d. Don't know
    11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred                                                     e. Other:
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                                                        (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?                                   Yes    No    Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?                         Yes    No    Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?                                      Yes    No    Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                                                      Yes    No    Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                                                   Yes    No    Don't know
    f. Change shape?                                                        Yes    No    Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                                                    Yes    No    Don't know
    h. Disappear                                                            Yes    No    Don't know

[Handwritten notes at bottom partially illegible]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Forces UFO form c
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Partially illegible response, appears to mention "END OF SKY OBSERVATION"]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. [No response filled in]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know.
In front of: (TWO WORDS) A COMMERCIAL AIRCRAFT (TWO-ZERO)

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: BRIGHTER (INTENSED)
[Additional note: "MY WIFE SAYS 'BRIGHTER SILVER'"]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? ALL OF IT (THEN) WITH STANDARD KITCHEN HITCH. (A TELEPHONE POLE PLUS OBJECT MINUS)

19. [Contains a hand-drawn sketch of objects labeled I-V with notes about illustrations depicting various shapes or views]

26. In order that you can give at least which, when placed up NOTHING THEY SEEN BEFORE & WHICH I THERE IS CONVERGED AS IN PIC II, III


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

07/0845Z
Routing

APRJL WPD138 WPE10 HKFA119KFG7AFGK024
AK RJELEN RJEDWP RJEPHMO
DE RJEDKF 1GK
R 217602

TO COMDR 7838TH ACWRON WAVERLY AFS IA
TO RJEDEN/COMDR ENT AFS COLO SPRINGS COLO
RJEDWF/COMDR 20TH ADIV RICHARDS GEBAUR AFS MO
RJEDWP/COMDR AIR TECH INTELL CENTER WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
RJEPHO/DIRECTOR INTELL HQ USAF WASH D C
BT

UNCLASSIFIED D/788-88-E-3/IAW AFR 205-2: UNFOG

1. A. ROUND     2. A. BRIGHT SPOT IN SKY     3. AM GROUND VISUAL
   B. DIME         B. NE OF POSITION            B. BINOCULARS
   C. BLUE         C. DID NOT DISAPPEAR         C. N/A
   D. ONE          D. OBJECT JUMPED AROUND
   E. N/A          E. DID NOT DISAPPEAR
   F. N/A          F. ONE HALF HOUR
   G. NONE
   H. NONE
   I. NONE


- page 12 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 3

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In section of a city?
b. In section of a town?
c. In rural section?
d. Near what city?
e. On a farm?
f. In open country?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop or only slow while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

* STOPPED AFTER SIGHTING INITIALLY

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No
b. Sunglasses      Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No

e. Binoculars      Yes   No
f. Telescope       Yes   No
g. Theodolite
h. Other

* INITIALLY, THEN THROUGH OPEN SIDE TUBE

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, sketch what you saw in the sky, would give this form back to the investigating agency with the sketch made. NOTHING THEY LOOKED LIKE NO LIGHTS. MOVED A DISCS WHICH I THREW IN HIGH SCHOOL (IS CONCERNED). THE OBJECT HAD WHAT AS IN FIG. II, PARAGRAPH 19.


- page 13 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form cc
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? TWO (2)
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

WE SAW ONE AT A TIME. BOTH FOLLOWED ESSENTIALLY THE SAME PATH, ABOUT THIRTY (30) SECONDS APART.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before?
[Partially illegible response]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time?
31.1 If you answered YES, did:
31.2 Please list their names:
ROUA W. ERE
ROUA L. SPE
MARLENE A.

32. Please give the following information:
NAME [Blacked out]
ADDRESS [Blacked out]
TELEPHONE NUMBER (302)

33. When and to whom did you re [Incomplete]
Day


- page 14 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 5                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
NEITHER BEFORE OR SINCE

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   No   Yes

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
(AGE 35 AT THAT TIME)
(AGE 10 AT THAT TIME)
(AGE 7 AT THAT TIME)
(CAN NOT & DID NOT OBSERVE THE OBJECT)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 46   SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day [illegible]   Month APR   Year 1957

(GO THE DENVER POST)
(AND TO NEIGHBORS WHO SHOWED INTEREST)


- page 15 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form G
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    12    2    1957
                                             Day  Month  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The rest of the text is a handwritten narrative describing a UFO sighting, which appears to have occurred in April 1957. The handwriting is somewhat difficult to read in parts, but the text describes an object moving in the sky, changing direction, and eventually disappearing. The full details are not completely clear due to the handwriting.]

Note: Partially because of the work, we heard # sound from time to time over the aircraft.


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Air Force UFO form continued
Page 7                                                                Page 8

[Handwritten text, partially legible due to cursive writing and some faded areas. The text appears to be a detailed narrative description of a UFO encounter or observation. Some words and phrases are clear, while others are difficult to make out completely.]

Key legible phrases include:
"I saw a number of lights..."
"...moving almost..."
"...directly into a steep mile..."
"We will appreciate your comments."

The document is signed at the bottom, but the signature is blacked out.

The document appears to be pages 7 and 8 of a multi-page Air Force UFO report form, with handwritten text filling most of the page.


- page 17 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   4 April 1957
                                                                                       West Freugh, Wigtownshire
                                                                                       Scotland

April 4, 1957.  At an RAF station near West Freugh, Wigtownshire, in southwestern Scotland, three radar operators at two posts independently tracked an "unidenti-fied object" which "flashed across their screens traveling at 60,000 feet. The operators said the object suddenly dived to a height of 14,000 feet, made two whirls, then vanished to the south. It was last reported seen heading toward the Isle of man." (UP declared that "officials refused to say in which direction and at what speed it was traveling.") "We do not know what the object was," an Air Ministry spokesman said. "Intelligence experts are studying the report and a detailed statement may be made next week." (UP also stated that "a mystery object spotted on radar screens in Scotland may have been a Soviet reconnaissance plane.") Royal Air Force officials said no planes were in the area at the time.

Unofficial sources described it as "too fast, too big, and too manoeuvrable for a plane." Full reports of the incident were turned in to the Air Ministry in London. It was stated officially that "their experts take a serious view" of such reports. No further details have been forthcoming. - N.Y. Journal-American, Apr. 6 (INS); N.Y. Sunday News, Apr. 7 (AP); Sunday Mirror, Apr. 7 (AP Apr. 6); Newark Sunday News, Apr. 7 (AP); London Sunday Dispatch, Apr. 7.

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page are partially illegible]


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

April,Early-Jersey Island,Eng-Several elliptical-shaped,luminous,yellow UFOs seen, maneuvering overhead by several witnesses.

Apr.3-30miles S.of Portith,Scotland-2.130pm-Hovering,glowing,yellow UFO.

Apr.3-Chicago,Ill-Ufo 15 reported as having flying nuclear missiles at the Moon, to break-loose a bit for Study! (What????)

Apr.5-Glasgow,Scotland-2, hovering, silver Disc vanished suddenly.

Apr.5-Vancouver,Canada-2pm-Two rosy-glowing saucers apparently joined.

(1 half off-center below the other) Silently & slow-moving.

Apr.6-Nutley,NJ-Night-Boys report "Fireball" falling into a yard!(ROUGHT)

Apr.7-Rothesay Bay,Scotland-3 fast Discs, silvery slow high, in line.

Apr.10-Ocoast-205am, Large,round,bright,white LIGHT(seen from Nat.Air-lines Flight 720 nr. Norfolk,Va.) It traveled SW at Airplane-Speed and went-out abruptly. Clear Sky, says Report. (See:May19)

Apr.10-Kensington,Eng-4.50pm-Swaying,Double-Saucer seen.(Rare Type.)

Apr.12-Milwaukee,Wisc-light-2,bright reddish-white UFOs traveling NE at high altitude, circled back SE,rejoined other, both fading.

Apr.19-Pacific Ocean-11:52am-Japanese Crew report 2,disc-shaped,silvery (metallic-looking) Objects DIVE INTO OCEAN & vanish! Fast Objects caused violent turbulence in the Sea. No wreckage found by their ship("Kitsukawa Maru"). (See: INFINITY # 50, "Secret Bases")

Apr.20-Nagoya,Japan-6:42pm-Three,glowing red UFOs traveling, surrounding a yellow ring. (Thann-Traverse Correspondent)

7:10pm-2 UFOs reported. 1 was oscillating & showed a light flashing from yellow-orange to red. Left a blue-green trail. Other was blue-white, they made no sound,made a 90° turn & shot-out of sight. (+Rumor of a Radar-Tracking)...(Japan-Trench'nearby).

Apr.(about 20th.)-M.Peru-A large, brilliant,glowing,blue disk reported. (Many UFOs reported from Peruvian Jungles past few weeks!)

Apr.21-Suffolk,NY-8:15pm-23 blue-green Fireballs reported by 3 Flanders men, Aprx.11,000ft,altitude,200-300mph Speed, All going West.

Apr.21-Swansboro,NC-9pm-Orange Fireball traveling S. at high speed,at an Altitude of about 1000ft! It disappeared over the OCEAN!!.

Apr.21-Gmilas,S.of Winchester,Va-10:30pm-Bright white UFO traveling NE to SW.Disappeared over Horizon in straight path in seconds.

Apr.21-Cambridge,S.Africa-10:30pm-Glowing,domed Disc shooting color-lights.

Apr.21-Flanders,L.I-Night-23 blue-green UFOs(except by residents)traveled in groups at half-min. intervals.(AF says it's investigating the oval-shaped Objects). (Credit:Long-Island Daily Press).

Apr.22-Lagy,Korea-9:15pm-Glowing,greenish-blue UFOs,+1 red-orange.

All 4 left smoke-trails, silent,zig-zagging for 5 minutes.

Apr.23-Taichung,Eng-9:21pm-Satellite (UFO went straight Southwest. (Same?)

Apr.24-Tachikawa Airbase,Japan-9:03pm-Fiery red UFO(like a burning plane) shot across the Eastern Sky,horizontal,10x larger than Star.

Apr.26-Busby,Scotland-A circular,glowing,orange UFO plunges into field with loud report,mushroom cloud of blue smoke. Left a crater 18" across,2 deep. Blast focal 2 miles away. Scientists puzzled!

Apr.26-Epsom Downs,Eng-8:45pm-Mystery Explosion leaves 5x3' crater!!(UFO)

Apr.28-Christchurch,New Zealand-Day-Quantities of "Angel's Hair" falls! Brought into Lab,telescope-focus at 15,000ft,Altitude,in"Airstream.

Apr.29-Hammonton,NJ-light-Swinging red LIGHT eludes Police. This small Light is said to have played tag with Police several nights.

Apr.30-Coverack,Eng-Silently,dome-shaped UFO over SWAOAST1 After 1Omin. it shot away.(Witness questioned 2hrs by RAF Intelligence)..

Apr.30-London,Eng-11:31pm-Glowing,red-orange Disc making circles South. (Pausing says Increase-Tests(to date have given 10,000 Cancer!

Apr.30-Nuclear-Tests will cause 200,000 MIND-Body injuries per generation.

Apr.X-Denver,Colorado-Green Puppy born. 6hrs & gene normal-color!(?)


- page 19 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

1957,Apr.30-V, Pakistan-Hailpound Hailstones kill 32 People,injure 200!
1957,Apr.24-Unknown center of:US testing Rockets that travel at speeds
in excess of 9,000mph!Exact speed is Top-Secret!!
1957,Apr.22-Hda,Conn,-7:32pm-Two, flashing,red LIGHTS,moving back &
forth,cross eachother's paths! Perfectly silent,I went NE &
disappeared,while other went SW: dropped behind trees!
1957,Apr.22-Florida-Three Unidentified Submarines off here! says
they're Russian!+18 Tornados today,9 in Texas!
1957,Apr.17-San Francisco-freak "Storm" topples Radio Tower,causes sleet,
Lightning,52mph winds!"Sun Spots"ahead off the Storm dis-
rupted the radio & Wireless at 12:15pm! Storm gouged a big hole
in the roof of (Outer Labs!"(They released unsafe Salicin)!
1957,Apr.17-Florence,Italy-12 Earthshocks felt!(Salerno-Mt.Etna erupt!
1957,Apr.16-Fort Carson,Colo.-Freak Lightning-bolt kills GI,flattens 71
1957,Apr.16-Indias-Tremendous Quake,370 miles below the surface of the
Earth,between Java & Borneo! Largest ever recorded in US!
(where,atomic Safety-Tests begin!(to study mishandling)!+
Largest,Russian,Nuclear Blast of their current series!
1957,Apr.12-SC-Navy Plane scattered over 5 miles,off S. Carolina coast!
1957,Apr.10-Toro,Cal-2,000 bombs disappear from Marine Base!
1957,Apr.10-Sea Quake aprx.1000 miles out in Pacific!(+Russian Test!)
1957,Apr.9-Denmark-Radar Stations have tracked an increasing number of
"Rockets"(believed Soviets)in the past 12 months!!
1957,Apr.7-Hawaiian Islands-A B47 crashes!(+minor Quake in Calif.!)
1957,Apr.6-Top Secret,Weather-Research Plane crashes!(+A tiny Tornado
crosses N.corner of Lake Quassapag,Conn. at lam!)+(another
Russian Nuclear-Test)!(it's raining Roentgens again!)
1957,Apr.5-Scotland-UFO seen at 5 mile altitude by many observers & 3
Radar Stations! It dived & whirled away! Chased by RAF Pilots
Still hunted 2 days later! No planes in the air at time of
sighting! England excited! Over NBC mentioned it!(+Savage
Tornadoes lash several S.+Central States!)
1957,Apr.3-Near Sheriden,Ark-Late Night-UFO,possibly a Plane,seen to
crash in desert! Search Swamp & burn! Search Underway!!(+Russian
Nuclear Device exploded!)+(Tornadoes in Texas!)
1957,Apr.2-Mysterious Blast-From-Space felt in NJ state,NJ & part of F
1957,Apr.2-Four miles S.of Texarkana,Ark'd 1/2inch Hailstone fell during
a 15min. Hailstorm here!(Found by Mr. Leo Oceanbeam)


- page 20 -

No Case (Information Only)
Source: Satellite 1 June 1957 (Richard Hall)

6 April, 1957
British Radar Sighting

BRITISH PRESS REVISITED

Early information on the British radar sighting of 30 Apr. 61.

London, Evening News - April 61:

"It was never seen by the naked eye, but by satellite and upon radar, George, a satellite tracking station at Woomera, South Australia, and by G.C. Almond, G.O., at the TRE (Telecommunications Research Establishment, U.K.) radar range, could have been tracked by them as a flying object moving at very great speed about the object. I am not allowed to state the location. Scope and speed..."

[The rest of the first paragraph is partially illegible]

London, Daily Despatch - April 61:

"I don't talk about radar have been issued to the two radar operators James Moody and John Molloy, both of Salisbury, who picked up the object on their radar screens."


- page 21 -

No Case (Information Only)
Source: Satellite 1 Jun 57 (Richard Hall)

April 8, 1957
Tampico, Mexico

ON THE GULF OF MEXICO
Tampico, Tamps. Apr. 3, 1957
(From the Excelsior, op. 9)

"During 15 minutes many of the inhabitants of this port observed last night, in the sky, a round and luminous object with a small undulation of a cylindrical shape. Within minutes after it made its appearance, the object and some of the buildings and other points of the mysterious flying object were path of the mysterious object. The object appeared like a ball of fire. It was in mid-air of Tampico.

Some symbol was seen on one of its sides, turning blue and then red seemingly, until it disappeared in space. Many reports from all over Tampico regarding the mysterious object."


- page 22 -

PAGE TWO RJEDKF 1GK

4. A. 07/845 5. A. N/A 6. A. _______, IOWA
NW RAILROAD DEPOT AGENT

7. A. CLEAR 8. A. NONE 9. A. NONE
B. N/A
C. UNLIMITED
D. NONE
E. NONE
F. NONE

10. A. NONE 11. A. NONE 12. A. NONE

CAPT DONALD J. SEMELSBERGER ASST. OPERATIONS OFFICER
BT
B3/173Z MAY RJEDKF


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                10 April 1957                Norfolk, Virginia

UFO SIGHTED FROM NATIONAL AIRLINES
PLANE NEAR NORFOLK

On the morning of April 10, 1957, a   plane that passed to the west slightly
round silvery object was sighted from  below us a few minutes later, and
National Airlines Flight 720 by Pier-  that was marked by flashing red and
pont L. Nichols, Jr., construction    white lights. The air was perfectly
engineer, author, and publisher. This  clear, with a few very high clouds.
report, which NICAP is checking,      Plane height had been stated to be
was sent in a few evaluation by a     13,000 or 19,000 feet. A few minutes
NICAP member, the head of a large     later we passed over a city which I
research organization.                believe to be Norfolk, Virginia.

Mr. Nichols is a graduate of Colum-   "The light was definitely in the
bia University and from 1934 to 1941  air, and if was too large to be an
he operated an excavation and grad-   airplane." light, and was perfectly
ing business in Connecticut. In       steady in intensity. Its color was a
World War II he was first a civilian  clear white like an automobile head-
employee of the U.S. Army in South    light. It was in sight for at least
America and the West Indies and       five seconds, and perhaps three times
later a member of the Seabees in the  as long.
Aleutian Islands.                     "The light was probably smaller

Since the war he has not only         than a dime at arm's length, but was
written and published construction    large enough to appear definitely
but also has written and published    circular in outline. The unlighted
several books. With his wife, Dr.     machine was at least as large, or
Hazel J. Berglund, he wrote and       possibly larger, and gave an impres-
published "As Not All is Well."       sion of roundness also. But it was
Since then he has published several   then very indistinct, and protrusions
books on excavation, including "How   would not have been visible."
to Operate Excavation Equipment and
Moving the Earth."

Mr. Nichols' firsthand report fol-   If any NICAP members in the area
lows:                                 approximately 10 to 50 miles south of

"On Wednesday morning, April 10,      Norfolk sighted any object at this
I was in the rear window seat of      time or heard of such a sighting,
the El Pacifico plane, National Air-  please communicate with NICAP.
lines Flight 720 northbound. At about Reporting forms will be sent on re-
2:05 a.m. I saw a light below us,     quest. NICAP is also communicating
moving opposite to our course, but    with the Civil Air Administration and
slightly more toward the west. It     with the crew of National Airlines
followed the line of a highway, but   Flight 720 to see whether the object
when it went over a small town I      was sighted by the pilots and from
could see that it was above it. The   any CAA towers along the route
light was round, large, and bright
without being dazzling.

"Just after passing over the town
it went out abruptly. A moment later
it was again visible, very brightly
visible by direct reflection from the
moon. Its brightness was then almost
ten times the brightness of the
moon in rippled water, not as bright
as in still water. This reflection
was faint and brief enough so that it
might have been an optical illusion.

"The speed of the object was
comparable to that of a southbound


- page 24 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                   21 Apr 57
                                                        Smale Ste. Marie,Ont.

Source: Flying Saucer - Oct 57

I saw a saucer on April 21, 1957; next day I sent the report to the Air Force in Washington and got no reply. I would have sent the sighting to you in your first issue but I did not know there was such a magazine at the time. The time was about 12:15 P.M. (EST), the sky was clear so I decided it would be a good night to look through my telescope. As I was about to lift my telescope to focus, a saucer appeared right over me in the eastern sky. The object was pretty close to me as I could make it out very well. The saucer was lighted yellow, it had a circular dome with a dome on top. On the dome I could see a round window. I saw no one inside. I sighted it for about a half minute when it disappeared behind our house (I was standing at the side of it). As good as I know it was the size of a kite. The object was heading southwest at a very fast speed. It did not make any sound.

Norman R. Ouellette
Dearsulis Observatory Club
441 Sherbourne Street,
Sault Ste. Marie, Ont.


- page 25 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   21 April 1957
Flanders, L.I., N.Y.

April 21, 1957.  On Easter night 23 blue-green oval objects were seen by a number of
residents of Flanders, Long Island (at the eastern end of Suffolk County). They
glided silently over at half-minute intervals (for similarity, see the New York 16
report from New Rochelle) and one witness, Michael Pace of 869 Flanders Road,
estimated their altitude at 1000 feet and their speed at 200 to 300 mph. Lt.Col.
Frederick Pleoty, executive officer at the Suffolk County Air Force Base, said
the Air Force is investigating. "I have no idea what these objects could be," he
said. "We had nothing but routine patrol in the air." --Long Island Daily Press,
April 22, 1957.


- page 26 -

Case #2 - Palada (Pyr.Orient.) April 22,1957.

Investigators: Jimmy Guieu -Chief of Investigational Bureau of C.I.E. Ouranos.

Dr. Marcel Pages another investigator of C.I.E. Ouranos for the Oriental-Pyrenees Region and the medical representative and engineer;

Jacques Verpillot an investigator from Marseille that is also with the C.I.E. Ouranos.

Data: Mr. Paul Jaubert, a retired judge wrote the C.I.E. Ouranos in Palada.

Eye witnesses: Mr.&Mrs. [redacted] that live in Palada in the village of Amelie-les-Bains.(P.O).

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2                                   6


- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                22 April 1957
                                                          Palalda, France

Palalda - April 22, 1957
Since this case has not been described previously in the News letter, we give
below a practically complete translation of Guen's article in Ouranos about his personal
investigation.

On Monday, April 22, at 1 p.m., M. and Mme. [redacted] farmers of Palalda,
were in their cabin beside their cherry orchard. Mme. [redacted] was washing the luncheon
dishes when she became aware of an unusual roaring noise outside. She stepped outdoors to see what caused the noise, and saw an enormous vortex of blue and red flame
approaching from the north. At an altitude of only ten or fifteen yards above the
ground, it was descending toward their vineyard. It had the appearance of a cone of
flame, spinning very rapidly but moving toward slowly. Frightened, Mme. [redacted]
called her husband. They watched the flying object together, as it hovered for about
a minute at a point 15 feet from the western edge of the field and 15 feet above the
ground. The vortex shoots near its wave violently agitated, and the soil was seething in a cloud of dust that seemed to be sucked up toward the object. Throughout,
a deafening roar was emitted. The vortex then resumed its flight southward above
the field, but stopped again after traveling 100 yards and hovered 15 to 30 feet
above some cherry trees in a hollow, near a bridge. The branches and foliage of
these trees were violently whipped about and "bent back and forth in every direction,"
until it seemed that the limbs would be torn off. The cone then resumed its slow
course and "climbed" a hill - keeping about 30 yards above the ground, but at the top
of the hill it rose abruptly into the sky and shot away at prodigious speed toward
the southwest.

No solid "machine" was discerned by the witnesses - nothing but a conical vortex
of red and blue flames. The point downward, whose diameter at the top was about 15
feet. The size and shape could not be stated precisely, because some of the "flames"
were hidden by the ground. The whirl, but in general it was conical.

Where the UFO had hovered in the vineyard, the ground was violently swept about
and discolored. The vines were not in the least scorched, although the cone had been
only 15 feet above them; so probably the "flames" were not ordinary flames but some
form of ionization phenomenon.

About five yards west of this stopping-point runs a metal fence in a very bad
state of preservation, consisting of an irregular wire mesh strung on rusty iron upright posts. A "shaped cross-section, interspersed with wooden posts. The only fencepost
showing magnetism was the iron one closest to the stopping-point, which deflected a
compass needle by 30°, the effect was noticeable even a foot away from the post. The
other iron fenceposts - the nearest of which is five yards from the magnetized post -
caused no compass deviation at all. This tends to show that something unusual had
affected the fence fixedly. Magnetist was there any special magnetic detectable
in the ground. These tests were made in the presence of letters. Jacques Verpillot,
Ouranos investigator from Marseille, and Paul Jaubert, retired magistrate and Ouranos
correspondent for Palalda.

In company with Dr. Marcel Pagès, Ouranos investigator for Pyrenees-Orientales,
M. Verpillot and I visited the police station at Amélie-les-Bains and informed them
of this sighting, relaying the basic interview with the witnesses. For them, the occurrence told us that the Basous enjoy an excellent reputation in the community, but
expressed surprise that the incident had not been reported to them in the first place.
We explained that this was because the witnesses had feared ridiculous, this fear had
been disarmed by the scientific character of our investigation. We assured the police
that, on our request, the [redacted] were willing to give them a complete report. On May
11 the police went to the farm to make inquiries.


- page 28 -

On Monday April 22,1957 at 1:00 P.M. Mr.&Mrs. [redacted] could be found in a little wooden cabin on the far side of their vine vineyards after lunch. Mrs. [redacted] was washing the dishes when all of a sudden she heard a terrible racket and noise all around the little cabin. She ran outside and when she glanced up she observed an enormous whirlwind of blue and red flames that at approximately 10-15 meters of altitude began to descend on the vineyards.

Frightened Mrs. [redacted] asked her husband to come and join her and see what she was frightened about. The "thing" had the aspect of a cone of flames that were whirling around the 'thing' itself at a slightly turning speed but the "thing" did not displace even slightly from its bearing.

The flying object stopped for approximately 1 minute at 5 meters from the western part of the field, it maintained itself at an altitude of approximately 5 meters from the ground. In the course of the first stop the vine stocks were strongly agitated and so was the ground as they underwent a sort of aspiration that was directed in an upward direction (therefore towards the apparatus) and the apparatus was meanwhile violently whirling. The object whose gyration on the spot was accompanied with a deafening sound ,recovered the flight above the field and then descended towards the south at approximately 400 meters from the first stop at 5 to 10 meters from a clump of trees (cherry trees) in a gap in the ground near a bridge.

The gyrating cone created a violent turbulence (?) that brutally and roughly made the leaves and the branches of the trees shake. The latter,according to the witnesses,were bent in several manners. Their branches and leaves seem to be on the point of being yanked out. The cone of red and blue flames once more started on its slow course and trajectory and then climbed the direct side of a hill (at approximately 30 meters from the ground) then having reached the top of the hill it rapidly ascended into the sky at a very rapid rate of speed and disappeared.

The latter disappeared in a North-Easterly direction.

PTD-TT-64-572/1+2                7


- page 29 -

At no time did the witnesses see the so called "apparatus" itself all they claim to have seen was the turbulent mass of whirling flames that were red and blue and were in the form of a cone and the point of which was directed towards the ground and the peak of the latter was approximately 5 meters long.

The witnesses could not be exact in relation to the form of the apparatus as the latter was completely covered with flames that were oscillating in all directions and whirling but they did think that the ensemble on the whole seemed to have a cone-shaped aspect.

At the time that O.V.N.I.(U.F.O.) went to the vineyards the ground was violently sweet and turbulent. Even though the apparatus was only 5 meters from the ground we found no trace of burned spots on the ground or any calcination. Therefore one is not really dealing with "flames" but with some phenomenon of ionization.

At approximately 5 meters from the immobilization point we found a metallic fence in very bad condition, of latticed irregular links and metallic wire lattice worl posts. The other part of the fence had wooden posts. Only the wire post (approximately 1 meter high) that was situated at approximately 5 meters from the immobilization point presented a magnetism. This magnetism made the needle of the compass undergo a 30 degrees deviation. The 30 degree deviation of the T-shaped wire post became sensitive and increased in a gradual manner in proportion to the proximity of the compass.

Thus, the other wire posts (that were situated at approximately 5 meters from the magnetized T-shaped wire fence post) did not present any magnetism. Thus the latter did not barely make the needle vary at all. This remained constant even when the compass was placed within 4 centimeters of the latter. This negative test result tends to prove, on the one hand, that the mass of these bars (all of the same nature) is not sufficient to provoke a sensitive deviation of the needle with the only exception being that was already registered and is in absolutely no way an inherent quality of this metal.

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2                8


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

There was no trace of magnetism on the ground near the immobilization points and the around the place where the object was supposedly present.

These tests and these reports have been executed in the presence of Mr. Jacques Verpillot and Paul Jaubert that are related to the C.I.E. Ouranos in Palada. 

We were rejoined in Amelie-les-Bains by Dr. Marcel Pages,who is the investigator of the C.I.E. in the Pyrenees-Orientales province,Mr. M.J.Verpillot and myself went to the police station of Amelie-les Vains where we were received by the warrant offic Mahoux and the policemen Poudade and Barbe. We have received the observations that had been made by the latter in Palada and on the testimonies that were supplied be the eye witnesses and also placed on tape.

These observers were surprised at the lack of respect that the witnesses gave them. We explained to them that this silence on the part of the witnesses was more than likely due to the fact that they did not want to appear ridiculous. Anyway, in relation to the scientific character of our investigation the witnesses did agree to make a statement at the police station and this was in fact executed on the 11th of May.

This event offers more than analogical comparison with that that occurred in Vins-sur-Carany (Var) on April 14,1957. At Vins the apparatus that was seen was metallic and cone-shaped and the only thing that is lacked was the "Flames". The one observed in Palada was considered a "flaming" cone that was apparently the reason the shape of the apparatus was not immediately discernible. In fact,the "flying saucers" are frequently hidden in a flamboyant halo and falling lumination and both of these are more than likely due to some ionization phenomenon.

Second analogy: In the two observations the ground was swept and roughed up and scattered by the apparatus. If at Vins-sur-Carany the magnetism that was re istered was 15 degrees deviation of the needle of the compass and at Palada the deviation was 30 degrees. And one must keep in mind the fact that the T-shaped wire fence lati citing is rather inferior to that of signal poles from Vins.

FD-TT-64-5572/1+2 - 9


- page 31 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Meanwhile the apparatus that was observed at Vins was silent. The noise that was produced and heard was supposedly due to the violent vibrations of the signal poles that were apparently subjected to the intensity of the natural magnetic field of the apparatus. In Palalda it was the apparatus itself that produced the noise that attracted the attention of the witnesses. The latter had an excellent reputation in the village and this reputation was confirmed by the police station and the warrant officer.

Let us make note of the fact that in Palalda the fence -made of slim wire posts and some wood and some latticed grill work - was not able to produce the noise that was reported by the witnesses even though it was also subjected to the same type of vibrations.

We are therefore dealing with two types of apparatus that are similar in form and size and in there manageability but different in "mechanical" manifestation as although they apparently are similar they are both silenced by means of some sort of a special device that utilizes the magnetic field.

Conclusions:
No Nation on the earth has aircraft that are silent in maneuvers and silenced by a propellor system and therefore it is ipso facto that these apparatus come from another world. On the other hand the new type of apparatus that have begun to be manifested in a singular manner let one suppose that other apparatus of this type will soon appear. It will therefore be indispensable that the witnesses that should observe these "phenomenons" not hesitate in informing and placing themselves in touch with police stations or our Investigational Bureau, or the press.

Jimmy Guieu.

Note:
A new magnetic examination was conducted by Dr. Pages one month after the investigation and the examination by Jimmy Guieu. This indeed exposed the fact that metallic posts had an inversed rate of magnetism. The almost exact same as in Vins one can ask

FTD-TT-64-582/1+2
10


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

Whether or not the proximity of the apparatus can possibly cause the apparatus that are near to be temporarily neutralized in relation to their normal state and yet cause others to be modified or increased ? Periodical measurements will be conducted on these pieces of fence in order to establish their eventual magnetism.


- page 33 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

212                SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for April 6, 1957

ASTRONOMY

Await Brilliant New Comet

► ASTRONOMERS around the world are
anxiously waiting for their first glimpse
of a comet that may rival or exceed Halley's
Comet of 1910 in brilliance.

Observers in the Southern Hemisphere
will have the first crack at seeing the comet
as it starts drawing away from the sun
after April 8. Astronomers in the Northern
Hemisphere will have to wait until toward
the end of April for their first look at
Comet Arend-Roland.

Known also as comet 1956 h, it was discovered by S. Arend and M. Roland on
photographs taken at the Royal Observatory, Uccle, Belgium, on Nov. 8, 1956. At
that time, the comet was a diffuse object
of magnitude 10, too faint to be seen with
out a telescope. Since then, many observations have been made around the world,
and several orbits have been computed.

The magnitude Comet Arend-Roland will
have when it is again seen is not known
definitely. Although it is expected to be
quite bright, predictions of a comet's magnitude are notoriously uncertain. Whether
it will, in fact, make as spectacular a heavenly display as Halley's Comet will not be
known until Comet Arend-Roland is again
visible.

The reason is that passage near the sun
affects the internal constitution of a comet,
and sometimes a comet brightens much
more than is expected. This was the case
with Halley's Comet.

The comet is scheduled to reach the point
in its orbit closest to the sun on April 8,
astronomers at the U. S. Naval Observatory
in Washington report. At that time, its
distance from the sun will be about 30,000
miles, or about one-third the distance
of the earth from the sun. Its distance from
the earth will be about 85,000,000 miles at
the same time.

During March and the first part of April,
the comet's apparent position in the sky
will be too close to the sun to permit observations. After mid-April, however, the
comet will move rapidly northward in the
sky. Then it will appear very low in the
northwest sky after sunset, between the
constellations of Andromeda and Aries, the
ram.

Its brilliance will fade rapidly as it climbs
in the sky, and the object is expected to
disappear from naked eye view by the first
of June, although it will continue to be
visible through a telescope for a few
weeks.

On April 22, the comet will be in the
constellation Triangulum, the triangle, very
close to the position where it was first
spotted five and one-half months previously.

Images of the comet have since been
found on photographs taken on Nov. 7,
one day earlier than the original discovery.
These photographs were made by S. Kaito
of the Tokyo Observatory for research continued with variable stars.

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER, April 6, 1957


- page 34 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                27 April 1957   New Zealand

PAGE 12                                   THE UFO INVESTIGATOR

Smoke Trailing Disc Reported Over New Zealand
Similar to 1952 Peru Case

A unique daytime sighting report of a   on an irregular, constantly changing   movement in the sky—plunging, ascend-
smoke-trailing disc, estimated at several   course throughout the sky.             ing swiftly and turning through every
hundred feet in diameter, has just been   As I watched, the object approached   imaginable angle—I was able to get an
released to NICAP by a New Zealand   me at a slight angle bearing to the left.   unmistakable impression of its shape.
fishing-boat captain and boat builder.   It then tilted at a steep angle and shooting   It was a huge disc. Its rapid movements
    Withheld from publication until now,   upwards, showed its circular shape clearly.   suggested tremendous power. Moving in
this report by Ronald L. Matheson of Mount   It appeared as big as a florin held at arm's   horizontal flight, it appeared to cover a
Maunganui, New Zealand, is backed by   length.    The rapid maneuvers it made   distance of miles in as many seconds. I
his employer, Samuel E. Rix, Director of   covered an arc of about 15 degrees. For   consider that it was a very large object
the Tauranga Big Game Fishing Club. Rix   a period of at least twenty minutes, I   and may have been several hundred feet
fully vouches for Matheson's qualifications   watched these movements, while I steered   in diameter. I make this statement having
and integrity and states that he accepts   the Roa out towards the Haural Gulf.    seen Pan American airlines at what I be-
the report as genuine and accurate.           Not knowing the actual size of the   lieve to be approximately the same distance.

Mr. Matheson's report follows:            object makes it hard for me to say how far   Just before flying off, it leveled out and

    I am a licensed skipper of the Tauranga   away it was. I believe though that it was   then moved very rapidly in horizontal
Big Game Fishing Club, and am also a   some miles away. The object was very   flight, passing over the mainland in the
builder. I have lived at Mount Maunganui   clearly defined. Smoke poured from   direction of Warkworth and Cape Rodney
for slightly over twenty years, but have   its curving sides, narrowed immediately   in the upper Hauraki Gulf. The tangle of
never before seen anything even remotely   behind, then broadened out into a wide-   smoke trails remained for some time, then
similar to the object described in this   ing but thinning wake astern. The smoke   slowly faded out of the evening sky.
account.                                  was a dark greyish color and the trails       During all these rapid maneuvers I heard
                                           remained in the sky for at least ten min-   no sound. However, the noise my boat
                                           utes before vanishing.                    engine was making may have muffled any
                                                                                     other sound.

                                               The description given is as accurate as   
                                           I can make it. I feel that what I saw is   
                                           important enough to justify study and hope   
                                           that this report—fantastic as it may appear—   
                                           will be given serious consideration.   

                                               Statement by Samuel E. Rix, Director,   
                                               Tauranga Big Game Fishing Club   

                                               "I have known Mr. Ronald Matheson   
                                           since 1946 and can testify that he is a   
                                           most reliable person. He has previously   
                                           been very skeptical about reports of unusual   
                                           flying objects. Now, however, he is most   
                                           assured about what he has seen and feels   
                                           that it is not a matter for argument.   
                                               "Knowing his practical attitude and   
                                           steadiness, I am prepared to accept the   
                                           accuracy of his report. It is his belief that   
                                           the unidentified object described was of   
                                           terrestrial origin and that its existence is   
                                           being kept secret for security reasons. In   
                                           my opinion, this is doubtful."   

                                               NICAP Comment   

                                               This report is unique because of the   
                                           combination of unusual smoke trails and   
                                           violent maneuvers. The disc's description   
                                           as dark or greyish is not unusual with day-   
                                           time reports of objects not in position to   
                                           reflect sunlight. It seems clear, however,   
                                           that the object was not a light source, or   
                                           self-luminous, as many UFO's are described.   
                                               The presence of smoke trails and simul-   
                                           taneous violent maneuvers possibly could   
                                           be evidence that the UFO was having   
                                           mechanical trouble, especially since it   
                                           (Continued on Page 13)


- page 35 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AUGUST-SEPTEMBER, 1957

[First paragraph partially illegible, some words can be read but not the full text]

NICAP will appreciate hearing from anyone with authentic reports similar to the New Zealand smoke-trail case.

[Several paragraphs continue, with some text being difficult to fully discern]

"Three Men in Black"

Several members have asked NICAP close-to-ographers various UFO investigators have been intrigued by the mysterious "men in black suits." To these queries, Mrs. Ragna Solvang, a former NICAP member now living in France, has been only attempt to silence NICAP.

[Rest of document continues with various discussions about UFO investigations and reports]

The bottom of the page includes a section titled "Collision Ruled Out in Case of Man Blown From Airliner"

The document appears to be a newsletter or report from NICAP (National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena) dated August-September 1957.


- page 36 -

Information Only
Source: CSI Bulletin # 30, 25 July 57

29 April 1957
White Plains, N. Y.

April 29, 1957: At 9:55 p.m. CSI member Bill and his wife were watching
Arend-Roland from the roof of their apartment house in White Plains, New York,
when they saw a flight of lights sweep across the sky, which was very clear.
From the southwest, four objects about 30 degrees above the horizon, in 'V'
formation, streaked across the sky and disappeared into the northeastern part
of the night sky. The objects were very light luminous blue, and their apparent size was about that of a pinhead at arm's length. Their apparent elevation
remained about the same (30 degrees); however, there was a slight downward
slant (about 5 degrees). From the horizontal plane, toward the northeast, they
were in view for approximately two and a half seconds; they did not appear to
change their shape, color, or brightness. "I've watched the sky through the
telescope and with the naked eye for some time and I can say I have never seen
anything as odd or as strange as these four objects. In fact it gives one a
kind of feeling one does not soon forget." Mr. drew the flight path of
the objects on a star map; it passes between Polaris and the Comet Arend-Roland.


- page 37 -

Information Only
Conwag CSI Bulletin # 30, 25 July 57

29 April, 1957
Hicksville, L.I., N.Y.

COMET AREND-ROLAND AND INTERLOPERS

April 29, 1957: The following report is sent to us by CSI member Herman Hitchells:

"Mr. and Mrs. L. on Monday, 29 April 1957, from 7:55 to 8:05 p.m. while looking for the comet. They looked 'right after sunset' as the papers had urged them to do, most erroneously, and saw in the northwest sky '...the comet' had a red body and a red tail and was moving so fast that by the time we called a neighbor it was only a faint grey streak in the sky.' Since I knew from personal observation that Arend-Roland was only visible in complete darkness (two hours after sunset), and their observation was made in daylight) and most certainly was not red or moving about, I went over and nailed the details down.

The ten-minute period of observation is an estimated one. The object caught their eyes in the northwest sky about 15 degrees above the horizon (or houses) and was moving steadily towards the west and losing elevation. Red, elongated body; red, slightly fan-like tail about as long as the body, "most definitely not an airplane." I flew behind a TV aerial some 400 feet away 'which of the same dimension.' A dime at arm's length approximated the aerial's expanse.

The object became fainter, turned into a grey streak almost due west and was lost to sight entirely slightly south of west. Mrs. van Allen is my sister."


- page 38 -

No Case (Information Only)                29 April 1957
Virginia, Minnesota

Source:   UFO Investigator July-August 1960

[The rest of the text in the clipping appears to be partially illegible, with only fragments of text visible.]

A9239 VIRGINIA, MINN.

[The rest of the text in the clipping is too blurry or faded to be confidently transcribed.]


- page 39 -

MAY 1957 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

1       Washington, D. C.                       (A SEPARATE FOLLOWING)     Astro (METEOR)
2       Edwards AFB, California                 (PHOTOS)                   Balloon (PHOTO)
2       Lake Silkworth, Pennsylvania                                       Balloon
2       Cincinnati, Ohio                                                   Aircraft
2       Denver, Colorado                                                   Astro (METEOR)
3       Goodland, Kansas-Stead AFB, Nevada                                 Astro (METEOR)
4       McClellan AFB, California                                          Other (ROCKETS)
5       Santa Rosa Island, California                                      Aircraft
7       Canton, Ohio                                                       Aircraft
7       Jackson, Mississippi                                               Insufficient Data
7       Fargo, North Dakota                                                Aircraft
7-8     Macon, Georgia (IN SEPARATE FOLLOWING)                             Aircraft
                                                (PHOTOS)                   1. Aircraft
                                                                           2. Other (PARACHUTE)
12      Bel Air, Maryland                                                  Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
13      San Angelo, Texas                                                  Aircraft
14      Tallahassee, Ohio (CASE MISSING)                                   Aircraft
14      Springfield, Missouri                                              Astro (METEOR)
20      Laredo, Texas                                                      Aircraft
21      Ventura, California                                                Insufficient Data
21      Berlin, Germany                                                    Insufficient Data
23      Kansas City, Kansas                                                Balloon
23      Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin                                            Aircraft
24      Kinge Park, Long Island, New York                                  Other (INCON. INFO)
24      Chestertown, Maryland                                              Other (FLARES)
24      Elkhorn, Wisconsin                                                 Other (FLARE)
26      Loring AFB, Maine                                                  Insufficient Data
26      Ft Myers, Florida                                                  Balloon
26      Yuma, Arizona                                                      Astro (METEOR)
27      Miami, Florida                                                     Astro (METEOR)
27      Bristol, Tennessee (CASE MISSING)                                  Astro (STAR)
28      Oklahoma City, Oklahoma                                            Astro (METEOR)
29      Houma, Louisiana                                                   Other (ANOMALOUS PROP)
29      Winchester, Ohio                                                   Insufficient Data
29      Great Falls, Montana                                               Balloon
30      Detroit, Michigan                                                  Aircraft
31      Baltimore, Maryland                                                Insufficient Data
31      Terre Haute, Indiana                                               Astro (MOON)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE                     EVALUATION:

1-2     Greenwich, Connecticut                  Newsclipping
1-2     Wilmington, Delaware                    Meteor Society
        Hamilton, Ohio                           Newsclipping
7       Mount Vernon, New York                  Newsclipping
        Brooklyn, New York                      Newsclipping
11      Cape Cod, Massachusetts                 Newsclipping
21      Birmingham, England                     Newsclipping
        Knoxville, Tennessee                    Newsclipping
22-23   Caldwell, New Jersey                    Musich (Lib)
        Cincinnati, Ohio                        Newsclipping
29      Washington, New Jersey                  Newsclipping


- page 40 -

Science News Letter for June 29, 1957

ASTRONOMY

Comet's Tail Explained

THE STRANGE SUNWARD tail of the brightest naked-eye comet since Halley's was explained last week by having particles seen edgewise on a material screen where they were projected.

Noted by Arend-Roland, first sighted last November by two Belgian astronomers, was when it showed brightly in the end of April sky. It started many kilometers outward the conventional one pushed away from the comet's core by sunlight, and a surprise the astronomers found when they looked toward the sun. (See SNL, May 11, p. 303)

Dr. Fred L. Whipple, director of the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, Cambridge, Mass., says he needed to account for the growth of the sunward tail estimated to be more than 10,000,000 miles in a few days and its rapid decline. The tail "almost certainly" resulted from dust settled from the comet by the sun's heat, then drawn over an arc in the tail.

When viewed at an angle, Dr. Whipple reports in Nature (June 15), the material could not be observed easily. However, when seen edgewise, as it was when on April 25 the material showed up clearly as a fine or spike of considerable intensity.

The sunward jet of Comet Arend-Roland spread out in the plane of the orbit and was at the same time spread out from the comet's central part or nucleus. Comets are believed to be swarms of small and widely separated solid particles held loosely together by mutual attraction. A sun's vicinity pays a brief visit to the Science News Letter, June 29, 1957

Dr. Whipple reports that the fine debris particles were too far spread out to be seen after the earth had moved out of the plane of the comet's orbit.


- page 41 -

RADIO ASTRONOMY

Watch Radio Waves From
Comet Rivaling Halley's
• THE COMET Arend-Roland predicted
to rival or outshine Halley's in brightness
is being scanned for radio waves. (See P.
250.)

The Government's largest radio telescope,
a sensitive, 50-foot antenna at the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington, is tuned
in at a frequency near 165 megacycles,
and aimed at the comet's expected position
in the sky.

The Naval Research Laboratory scientists are looking for the hydroxyl group,
OH, in the comet's tail. This group has
been seen optically in comet tails, and is
predicted to emit radio waves at about 1,667
megacycles. If the hydroxyl is found, it
will be the first time such radio waves
have been detected from any heavenly object.

Source: News Letter, April 26, 1957


- page 42 -

Here is the text from the document:

May 11, 1957

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER

THE WEEKLY SUMMARY OF CURRENT SCIENCE

ASTRONOMY
Comet Has Its Picture
Taken in Blue Light
See Front Cover

> COMET AREND-ROLAND, now visible
in the northwestern sky is shown on the
cover of this week's SCIENCE NEWS LETTER. The photograph was taken in blue light
with the Breidel News Camera at Georgetown University in Washington. Exposure
time was 10 minutes at 9:20 PM, EDT, on
the evening of April 20th. The last vertical line near the center of the photograph
results from a flaw in the film.
The tail of the comet, when it first was
sighted after passing close to the sun, extended about 25 degrees across the sky.
(See SNL, May 4, p. 286)

Comet Arend-Roland
See Page 303


- page 43 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

250

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for April 20, 1957

ASTRONOMY

Comet Remains Visible

Bright comet shares honors in the sky with four planets.
A fifth planet, Mercury, will be visible as it crosses the sun's
surface on May 5, one of 14 transits this century.

By JAMES STOKLEY

AREND ROLAND COMET, most conspicuous visitor of this kind since 1910,
while continuing to view in mid-April, may
still be seen in the western sky on May
evenings if skies are clear.

Rapidly drawing away from the sun, it is
fading in brightness and by the end of
May it will no longer be visible to the
naked eye. But even then it should still be
possible to pick it up with a pair of binoculars.

At the beginning of May the comet will
be in the morning sky, a little more toward the position of Perseus, between the bright star
Capella and the two bright stars making Cassiopeia.

More than it will move up toward Cepheus, the great bear, passing to the left
of the two bright stars in the great
dipper which indicate the direction of the
north celestial pole.

Its path is indicated on the accompanying map, which shows the brighter area and
planets as they will appear about 10:00 p.m.
Eastern time in the first week of May, first of the month, an hour earlier in the middle
of the month, and two hours earlier at the
end.

Other Bright Planets

In addition to the comet, two planets
will be shining brightly during May evenings. A third will be seen if you know
where to look and a fourth may be glimpsed
by in the west as the month closes.

Jupiter is the brightest of these. It stands
high in the south, a little east of the meridian as the sun sets on May 1. After that
it remains in view into the early morning
hours. Jupiter, of magnitude minus two
on the astronomical brightness scale, is in
the eastern end of the constellation of Leo,
the lion, close to the next-door group of
Virgo, the virgin.

Saturn, the second planet, considerably
fainter, but still comparable to a bright star,
is low in the southeast, in Ophiuchus, the
serpent bearer.

The third planet is Mars, to the northwest in the evening twilight. This planet now
pulled so far away that it resembles a star
at the second magnitude, and its low altitude makes it look even fainter.

Venus, the fourth planet, is not shown on
the map. On April 14, it passed behind
the sun and was then invisible, but on
May 1 it will be far enough to the east
of the sun that it will remain above the

horizon for nearly half an hour after sunset, and will still be difficult to see.

By the end of May, almost an hour will
elapse after the sun has gone down before
Venus follows. Then, perhaps, you may begin to get a glimpse of the planet, very low
in the west, at dusk.

Brightest May evening star is Vega, in
Lyra, the lyre, in the northeast. Below
it we find Cygnus, the swan, with the star
Deneb, another badly placed bright is dimmed
because of its low altitude.

High in the south, around Jupiter, are
several bright stars. To the right is
Regulus, part of Leo. This star is in a
smaller group called the Sickle, with
Regulus at the end of the handle, which
points downward. To the left of Jupiter, in
Virgo, stand Spica, and above the fire
is Bootes, the bear driver.

Right star in this group, Low in the southeast, near Saturn, is
another star of the first magnitude, Antares,
in Scorpius, the scorpion. This, too, is
greatly dimmed because it is so near the
horizon.

Low in the west are a few of the bright
constellations of winter, now making their
last stand before they disappear for the
summer months. There are Castor and
Pollux, in Gemini, the group in which Mars
appears to the right in Auriga, the charioteer, with Capella. Gains Minor, the lesser
dog, will be to the left, with Procyon its
brightest star.

Of the five planets that are ever visible
to the naked eye, four will be seen, though
perhaps with a little difficulty, during May.
The fifth is Mercury, and although it will
not appear in the evening sky, it will also

be visible during the month—but visible
in a peculiar way.

Mercury circles around the sun once every
88 days, called its sidereal period, that is,
its period of revolution with respect to the
distant stars. However, it takes a longer
time to catch up to the earth.

Suppose that on a certain date Mercury
is between earth and sun. By the time it has
made one revolution, 88 days later, the
earth has moved nearly a quarter of the way
around its orbit. Consequently, it takes
116 days, which is called its synodic period,
before it is again in the same direction from
the sun as at the start. This position is termed
inferior conjunction. A few weeks before or
after this it can be seen in the east of the sun,
when it has remained above the horizon
after sunset, and may have been visible in
the west after sunset.

Generally, at inferior conjunction, Mercury does not come precisely between sun
and earth, but rather it is north or south
of the line from our planet to the sun.

Occasionally, however, Mercury does come
right in front of the sun, as we view it,
producing what is called a transit.

Transit of Mercury

Such an event occurs on May 5. It will
take about two hours for the planet to pass
completely across the solar disk. From the
extreme eastern part of the nation, the transit cannot be seen. Over most of the country, the sun will set while the transit is
in progress, but in the far west the entire
transit will be observable.

Mercury is much smaller than the sun
and, at the time of the transit, appears only
about 1/16th the solar diameter. This
means that it cannot be seen, as it crosses
the sun's face, without some telescopic aid
having a magnification of at least 100.

Of course, one should never look at the
sun directly—particularly not with a tele-

[The rest of the text is cut off, but includes a star chart/map]


- page 44 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for April 20, 1957

Transit's Time Schedule
In New York the planet will start to enter the disc of the sun at 6:56 p. m., EST, put as the sun is about to set. St. Louis will see the beginning of the transit at 5:56 p. m., CST, and at 6:00 CST the planet will be fully in front of the sun. Astronomers around San Francisco will be watching the entrance of the planet on the sun's disc between 3:57 and 4:07 p. m., PST.

At about 5:14 PST Mercury will be nearest the sun's center. At 6:19, in the Bay area, the planet will start across the sun's edge again, and at 6:29 PST the transit will be over.

Mercury will be moving from east toward the west so its passage across the sun will be downwards. The whole event will occur near the right-hand edge of the sun, or between two and three if you think of the sun as a clock-face.

During this century there are 14 transits of Mercury, two of which are grazing contact—in November, four in May. The last occurred Nov. 14, 1953. but the last full transit at this time of year was on May 7, 1924. The next will occur Nov. 7, 1960, and the next May transit on the eighth in 1970.

Only Venus and Mercury can undergo transits, since they are the only planets nearer the sun than the earth.

Transits of Venus are far more rare, and there is none in the 20th century. The last happened on Dec. 6, 1882, and the next will come on June 8, 2004.

Since Venus is considerably larger than Mercury, as well as nearer to the earth, during a transit it can be seen in front of the sun without the aid of a telescope.

With smoked glass or other suitable protection for looking directly at the sun, Venus can be seen as a dark, round spot, moving slowly across the bright solar disc.

On May 13 there will be a total lunar eclipse, as the moon passes through the earth's shadow. It will be visible generally in Europe, Asia, Africa and over the Atlantic Ocean but will end 6:10 p. m., EST, before moonrise in the eastern U. S. and Canada.

However, the moon will remain partly in the earth's shadow until 7:17 p. m., and by then it will have risen for some points along the Atlantic Coast.

People at these locations may notice, just after the moon appears, a curious shading of its upper edge, where it has not yet emerged into full sunlight.

Celestial Time Table for May
MAY EST
3   1:02 p.m.  Moon passes Mars.
5   Late       Transit of Mercury across face
             of sun (see text).
6   1:00 p.m. Moon nearest Jupiter.
9   1:39 p.m. Moon passes Jupiter.
13  5:34 p.m. Full moon, and total eclipse
             of moon (see text).
15  4:20 a.m. Moon passes Saturn.
21  1:10 a.m. Moon nearest, distance 251,200
             miles.
29  6:59 a.m. New moon.
   4:56 a.m. Moon passes Venus.

Subract one hour for CST, two hours for MST, and three for PST.
Science News Letter, April 20, 1957


- page 45 -

