The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card containing information about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 21 October 1957
2. LOCATION: Neptune, New Jersey
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 09/2055Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D Ground-Radar, D Air-Visual
5. DURATION: 10 min
6. COURSE: 095
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 minutes
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Two objects, white and slow moving, which were also sighted visually. Object was approximately 1/2 the size of the Sputnik, observed in motion from Southeast to East.
9. COMMENTS: "This object was believed to have been Sputnik which was further checked and is being made.''

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, dated 21 October 1957, regarding an observation of an object on the night of 21 October 1957 which had characteristics resembling a satellite.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
HEADQUARTERS, UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, D.C.

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object
DATE OF OBSERVATION: 21 Oct 1957
LOCATION: Neptune, New Jersey

The report states that on the night of 21 October 1957, the observer witnessed an object which had characteristics resembling a satellite, including its smooth, steady motion and the appearance of a rocket along its announced reentry.

The report is approved by Thomas E. Persinger, Director of Plans and Programming.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

Air Intelligence Information Report
Initial Duty (USAF) Hq First Air Force 
(1) Description of the object:
(a) Shape: Same as SPUTNIK X
(b) Size: Same as SPUTNIK X  
(c) Color: Reddish
(d) Number: One
(e) Formation: N/A
(f) Distinguishing features or details: Negative
(g) Tail, trail or exhaust: Negative
(h) Sound: Negative
(i) Other features: Object described as identical, blinking, fast-moving counterpart of SPUTNIK I.
(2) Description of course of object:
(a) Observer was tracking earth satellite (SPUTNIK I) and its rocket in accordance with announced operations.
(b) Angle of Elevation/Azimuth: See attached sketch (Incl 2)
(c) Angle of Elevation/Azimuth (upon disappearance): See attached sketch (Incl 2)
(d) Description of flight path and maneuvers: Object disappeared to northeast.
(3) Manner of observation:
(a) Ground-visual.
(b) Optics: Adda Binoculars 6x30 mm, field of 115 yards.
(c) Airborne sighting: N/A
(4) Time and date of sighting:
(a) 2200/22 October 1957.
(b) Night
(5) Location of observer: At home of observer, known as Hodson "Jersey" (shown in sketch).
(6) Identifying information:
(a) Name, rank, serial number: A.B. Hamilton, Hamilton Road, Neptune, N.J.
Age and occupation deleted.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Date: 1 DIV (08-05-) H. First Air Force, IAW L-97.
(7) Weather and winds-aloft conditions:
(a) Observer's account: Negative
(b) Surface from 5,000 feet to 20,000 feet: 3,000 degrees at 10 knots.
10,000 feet - From 300 degrees at 15 knots.
15,000 feet - From 300 degrees at 20 knots.
20,000 feet - From 300 degrees at 25 knots.
30,000 feet - From 300 degrees at 35 knots.
40,000 feet - Negative
(c) Ceilings: Unlimited
(d) Visibility: 5 miles in haze.
(e) Amount of cloud cover: None
(f) Thunderstorms in area: None
(g) Any other unusual activity or conditions: None
(h) Interception or identification action taken: None
(10) Air contacts in vicinity: None. No military and civilian air traffic.
(11) Chief, Intelligence Division (DCS/0), Hq First Air Force: This report was forwarded to Bill Hendershott, Maj General, and Hq First Army, Governors Island, New York. Negative analysis.
(13) Existence of physical evidence: Negative.

FRANK H. HUNT
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Division (DCS/0)

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book regarding an unidentified flying object sighted on October 21, 1957 near Neptune, New Jersey.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM: (XXXXX) HQ 71st Air Rescue Sq. APO 957
Date: MAY 1-57
Initial Report
Neptune, New Jersey
October 21, 1957

Commanding Officer
U.S. Signal Corps
Fort Monmouth, New Jersey

Dear Sir:

Enclosed is a sketch of the UFO as the date and time indicated. Can you explain this sighting as a conventional aircraft, satellite, or astronomical object, or identify it?

I first picked up the object approximately in the center of the sky at Paganism as it was traveling in a southward direction. It appeared to be double the size of a passenger plane approximately 75 feet in diameter. It also seemed to be lit with an extremely bright white light having a field of 135 yards.

Picked up the object initially with a pair of standard 7x50 binoculars and tracked it to the point below the horizon as indicated. At this point it blinking, oscillating side to side, and at times disappearing from sight. It appeared to be traveling at a tremendous rate of speed and within about 10 to 15 seconds was out of sight. By the time the object reached the southwest horizon, its apparent size was that of a star.

Although the object appeared to be double, a single light, while the rocket appeared to be double, it is difficult to state whether my eyes played tricks on me. At the time the object was observed, no known conventional aircraft or balloons were sighted in the area.

If you care to correspond with me, I'll appreciate it.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a hand-drawn map or diagram. There is no photograph present in this image.

SUBMITTED BY
HAMILTON ROAD
NEPTUNE, N.J.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document detailing a sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Transcription of the text in the document:

Commanding Officer,
U.S.S.R. CORFE
Ettentown, New Jersey
October 21, 1957

Dear Sir:

Enclosed is a sketch of the sky on the date and at the time when I first saw what I believe to have been a Sputnik.

I first picked up the object through the rocket shaped eyepieces of my 8" - 35mm binoculars, having a fairly wide field of view. I picked up the satellite at approximately 7:20 p.m. as scheduled, in the center of the field of view and followed it across the sky for some time, estimating it with the 8"-35mm binoculars having a field of approximately 3 degrees.

I picked up the satellite at approximately 7:20 as scheduled, and followed it across the sky for some time, estimating the speed to be approximately 18,000 mph as compared with the speed of a jet aircraft which I had observed earlier in the evening. The object which I viewed appeared to be double the size of a star and moving at a very high rate of speed. I could not hear it as there was a complete absence of sound.

The glasses showed that the object traversed the sky in a diagonal path from northeast to southwest and disappeared over the horizon. I could not hear it as it passed overhead, and I would have had to strain my eyes to the utmost to keep it in view after it had passed the zenith.

It seems that the object and Sputnik appeared to be double the size as compared with what I have read about Sputnik.

If you care to correspond with me I'll appreciate it.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature redacted]

- page 7 -

