The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, detailing a report about a UFO sighting near Montauk, New York on September 20, 1957.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. LOCATION Montauk, N.Y. to Benson, Pa.
2. DATE-TIME GROUP 20/1900 to 19/17Z
3. DATE-TIME OBSERVED 20 September 1957
4. DURATION APPROX 12 minutes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION APPROX 12 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING Two radar units (one in N.Y. & other in NJ) operated high-speed track. Flight paths of targets along a pre-plotted track. Flight paths unpredictable, objects changing course. Nothing unusual seen. Radar contact made.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Astronomical
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Investigations disclose that there was an equipment malfunction. When the targets disappeared, spurious targets discontinued. It was also shown in the case that the practice of "splitting" radar beams did not follow standard procedures for correlating with ground-radar and air-intercept operations. Also, the tracks shown on the recording screen were completed by a radar-equipped plane in a normal mission.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an unclassified Project Blue Book document evaluating the detection and reporting of high-speed radar tracks on September 20, 1957.

UNCLASSIFIED
EVALUATION OF AIR DEFENSE INCIDENT OF 20 SEPTEMBER 1957

STATEMENT OF OBJECTIVES
The objective of this study is to evaluate the circumstances associated with the detection and reporting of high-speed radar tracks on 20 September 1957. Specifically, the evaluation was aimed at determining whether or not the tracks were caused by airborne objects and to determine, if possible, the nature of the airborne vehicles or other phenomena which caused the tracks.

RESUME OF EVENTS
1. On 20 September 1957 at 1906Z, the 7734 ACWRON, located at the Montauk AFS, New York, established an initial plot on a high speed unidentified object southeast of the station at a range of 190 nautical miles, and tracking toward the station at an estimated speed of 3600 knots. Track information was forward told to the 26th CONAD Division, OPER, and to NORAD COC. In addition, it was passed laterally to adjacent radars: the 646th ACWRON at Highlands AFS, N.Y. and the 752d ACWRON at North Truro, Massachusetts. These radars were not able to establish contact with the target.
2. The unknown track was lost at a range of 50 miles southeast of Montauk at 1907.45Z. The track was dead-reckoned by Montauk AFS and passed by the 26th CONAD Division to the 643rd ACWRON at Benton AFS, Pennsylvania, as heading west at a speed of 2,000 knots and an estimated altitude of 50,000 feet.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document discussing radar equipment and operating parameters associated with the Montauk Air Force Station on Long Island, New York. The text describes the various radar systems and their technical specifications, as well as an incident where a target return was observed on a PPI console at the station.

UNCLASSIFIED
discussed with the NORAD team the events leading up to, and those associated with, the detection and reporting of the high speed tracks on 20 September 1957. The details of the above discussions along with the NORAD team observations are contained in the following paragraphs:

2. MONTAUK AFB: Montauk Air Force Station is located on the northeastern tip of Long Island, N. Y. The following is a list of radar equipment and operating parameters associated with this station at the time of the incident: 
Prime Search AN/FPS-20 (1250-1350 mc) Dual Channel
Emergency Search AN/FPS-8 (1280-1350 mc) non-operational
Height Finder AN/FPS-6 (2700-2900 mc)
Antenna Rotation Rate 5 rpm
Antenna Tilt (Electrical) 2.20
Pulse Recurrence Frequency 400 pps
Bin/Scan Ratio on RR-6 from Detection to Fade 1.0

6. Circumstances Related by the Montauk Operations Personnel: Prior to the detection of the high speed track RB-6, the duty controller was engaged in an intercept over the Rockaway and Quogue Range south of the Montauk Station. Scope displays and the appearance of routine traffic seemed normal.

At approximately 1905-1825, a target return was observed on a PPI console at a range of approximately 210 n.m. east southeast of the station. An initial track was established on it at 1906:52.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain no photograph, only text. Here is the text from the document:

Range 190 n.m., altitude between 36,000 and 48,000 knots. The scope operator immediately called this track to the attention of the duty controller and the floor supervisor. The three operations personnel observed this track throughout its course until it faded at approximately 90 n.m. southeast of the station. This fade occurred within the M. Tau's area. The average speed of the track over its entire length was 5,400 knots. At the time of the incident, there were 3 UIA-32's, 4 GPA-23 consoles and one height scope in operation.  

The basis for the altitude estimation on track BB-6 was so unreliable the NCRAD team was forced to disregard it. Derivation of height associated with part of track BB-6 is discussed later in this report.

The target was detected and tracked on a UPA-35 scope but it was not observed on the height finder nor on any other scope in the operations room; however, due to the short time that this target was carried, it was impossible for the operations personnel to evaluate or assess the conditions of the other scopes in the operations room. No jamming or intense interference were present at this time and weather is fair, with no overcast with slight rain.

Further weather analysis is included later in this report.

Upon receipt of the initial target information, the 26th AD alerted other related sites within the 26th AD area to be on the lookout for this high speed track. The stations initially alerted were Highlands and North Truro. Subsequently, Clayesburg, Pa., Benton, Pa., and Lockport, N.Y. were alerted as a result of this incident.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

dead-reckoned pre-plot information, these stations except Benton, Pa., detected anything that could possibly have been correlated with track BB-6. Antiaircraft units in the area of the track penetration were also advised but were unable to obtain contact with this target. Texas Tower #2, the picket ships and AEW stations in the area did not report unusual, high speed targets during this time.

The characteristics of the target blip described by the three operations personnel indicated that this return appeared realistic insofar as shape and size were concerned. The initial target return observed at 2130 unit was thought to be that of an aircraft showing Mark X identification. Several sweeps later the Mark X beacon control at the scope was placed in the off position but the target characteristics remained the same. As the target approached the station, the size diminished but the intensity remained the same. Tracking continuity and blip/scan were 100% throughout the entire track.

The FPS-20 was operating on Channel 2 during this period. At 1912z, Channel 2 failed and the set went off the air. Thirty seconds later Channel 1 was in operation. A defective tube in the modulator caused the above failure. Set operation and console noise level appeared normal during the time of the incident.

On NORAD Team Observations: A series of random blips on a UPA-35 console. These blips occurred at a constant azimuth of 160° but at various ranges. The operations personnel involved in the BO incident noted these blips.

- page 5 -

The image contains a document page with an UNCLASSIFIED header. The document appears to describe an incident that occurred on September 20th, where blips were observed on radar and tracked at speeds between 3,000 to 3,500 knots. The document provides a summary of the technical characteristics and environment surrounding the Montauk target, and notes that the electronic configuration was similar to that of the B-52 type aircraft observed at long range.

UNCLASSIFIED
September incident were related to observe this and they immediately identified the blips as being exactly the same as those observed on 20 September. The variations in ranges were to some degree uniform in their appearance; i.e., the blips would occur at approximately 210 m.m., approach the station at speeds of 3,000 to 3,500 knots for 3 or 4 sweeps then would appear at a different range unacceptable to track coherence. Other scope in the operations room were also displaying these blips. This condition was observed throughout the night by the operations personnel at Montauk. The next morning the transmitter was changed to channel 1 and the condition disappeared. At the request of the NORAD team, on the evening of 26 September, the site changed back to channel 2 and the condition again appeared.
The following is a summary of the most important characteristics of, and technical environment surrounding, the Montauk target, mentioned in 20 September 1957:
At the initial stage of detection, this object's electronic configuration was described as similar to that of B-52 type aircraft when observed at long range, with the exception of its speed. Several sweeps later the electronic configuration of this target changed to that of a smaller object, yet the heading of the target and its aspect remained constant. Normal target returns from conventional or jet type aircraft do not exhibit such radical changes in their size as this target did unless they undergo radical changes in aspect ratio. In fact, it is very difficult for experienced operators to detect changes in target size when the aircraft is at long range.
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text output from the document:

is maintaining a constant track. UNCLASSIFIED
The target intensity of track BB-6 remained constant
throughout the entire tracking period. Normal target returns
fluctuate in intensity to such a degree that the condition is
visually obvious to the operator.

Tracking was continuous and the blip/scan ratio was 1.0
over the entire track. A 1.0 blip/scan ratio on conventional and
jet aircraft without beacon or Mark X is a rare occurrence under
normal operation. 

The fact that this target was of such size to sustain
a 1.0 blip/scan ratio at Montauk AFS would indicate that other stations within detection distances certainly should have received some
indication of this track.

Mutual interference, that is, interference of one
rotating radar with another rotating radar operating at or fairly
close to the same operational parameters will normally produce
"spikes" occurring at the outer edge of the PPI scope and spiraling
into the center of the scope along with extremely high background
noise levels. The noise level on the scope, of course, is proportional to the power transmitted by the interfering radar. It was
impossible to associate track BB-6 with previously experienced
mutual interference patterns of two rotating radars. It would be
possible, however, to ascertain a condition of this sort with a fixedantenna type radar operating at or close to the frequency and PRF of
the rotating radar. The team was unable to ascertain the location
of any fixed radar stations in that area that could produce such a
condition of interference.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, describing a radar station and its equipment.

UNCLASSIFIED
condition. The non-rotating radar station would have to have mobility in view of the movement of this phenomenon from one azimuth to another over a period of several days, and its installation would have had to have been made recently due to the absence of this type phenomena in the past.
1. BENTON AFB: Benton Air Force Station is located approximately 35 n.m. NW of Wilkes-Barre, Pa. The following is a list of equipment and operating parameters associated with this station at the time of the incident:

Primary Search Equipment AN/FPS-10 (2700-3020 mc)
Height Finding Equipment AN/FPS-6 (2700-2900 mc) 
Antenna Elevation Rate  5 rpm
Antenna (Tilt Electrical)
Pulse Recurrence Frequency 300 PPS
Time/Gain Control MIN and MAX-11 from Detection to Fade 1.0
a. Circumstances Related By Benton Operations Personnel: 
Prior to detection of high speed track, normal, At 1752Z and 1812Z two SAC aircraft requested permission to run ECM against Benton. The duty controller advised approval and the two aircraft commanded charts were at 1822 and 1812Z, respectively. Aircraft dropped chaff in streams north of the station extending west to approximately 220 n.m. Chaff dispensing ended at 1832Z and 1833Z. The residual effects of the chaff cloud
were visible on the radar consoles for over an hour's period.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a scanned page from a classified UFO project report document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

At 1916Z, Benton received four overlap pre-plots from 26th AD Control Center on an unidentified target said to be heading west at 2,000 knots with an estimated altitude of 50,000 feet. At 1917Z Benton detected a target on the vertical upper beam heading north-west with an estimated speed of 920 knots. This target was correlated as being BB-6 from Montauk. The track was carried on VU until contact was lost at a point approximately 132 n.mi. northwest of the station.

It was again picked up on vertical center and tracked until it faded at 1925Z. No further pickup on this track was made.

At 1924Z the second track was detected on VU 75 n.mi. north of the station heading 295°, estimated speed 1,500 knots. This track had no correlation and was numbered BE-111. It was carried on VU until contact was lost at a point approximately 145 n.mi. northwest of the station. It was again picked up on vertical center at 160 n.mi. northwest and carried until it faded at 190 n.mi., 305°. Both tracks were interrogated by Mark X with no response. All track information was passed to the ADW site at Lockport and Claybourne but these sites did not detect either of these tracks. Lockport was off the air for maintenance during the entire time Benton was tracking and did not return to operation until 1932Z; one minute after the track BE-111 faded.

Anti-aircraft units in the area of concern did not report any unusual, high-speed target activity. BB-6 aircraft activity was considered as a possible cause for the track at Benton AFB; however, a message to WADC established that no B-58s were flying in this area at this time.

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. It does not contain any photographs, only technical data and radar performance characteristics associated with B-52 aircraft. 

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

Technical data and radar performance characteristics associated with B-52 aircraft are non-existent at this time and as a consequence, the NORAD team was without a capability to effectively assess the target data derived and properly associate this data with B-52 characteristics.

At the time of the incident, Benton had one OA-99 PPI console on each of the three vertical beams and the Air Surveillance Officer used a fourth OA-99 to monitor all beams. Of these, only one OA-99, manned by two airmen, displayed the targets (first on the VH and then on the VG beams). No detection of BB-6 or BB-11 was made on any other scope in the station. No detections were made on FB-6 or on the VL or search beams of the FPS-10. The operating parameters of the FPS-10 were within normal operating limits. Weather at this station was low overcast with slight drizzle.

B. NORAD Team Observations: The NORAD team was unable to duplicate the above condition by scope analysis. ALL scopes had indications of interference patterns typical of those that would be generated by interference from other radars. The technical parameters associated with this type interference should not produce crossing tracks. The degree of this interference was not sufficient to deteriorate the performance of the station. The radar returns as described by the operations personnel indicate that these returns were not characteristic of normal radar targets. Except for the high rate of speed and unexplained variations in speed, the blips described a normal aircraft track. These blips differed from normal returns in that they were round in shape with very sharp edges.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

a slight fuzziness around the periphery and were estimated to be about twice the diameter of a return from a B-52 jet maximum radar range. The intensity of the blips remained constant throughout the entire track. Tracking continuity and blip-scan ratio was 1.0.

The following is a summary of the characteristics of, and technical environment surrounding, the Benton target phenomenon on 20 September 1957:

1. ... they had a 1.0 blip-scan ratio throughout the entire tracking period. They maintained a constant target intensity. The size and shape varied considerably from that of normal returns and they were not detected on the search or vertical lower beams. Targets having returns as strong and persistent as these should be seen on all beams of an FPS-10. Only one scope height finder. In addition, other sites in the immediate area were alerted sufficiently in advance to acclimate themselves to the situation, yet no other detections were made by these other stations.

It should be noted that no attempt was ever made for maintenance and did not return to operation until one minute after the target faded at Benton. The 1.0 blip-scan Ratio at Benton and the target location at the time of the fade would indicate the track should have been detected by Lockport.

The detection and fading characteristics of these targets were completely abnormal. The screening angles for Benton ARD do not exceed 6° throughout the area of concern. The tracks were detected well within the

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

(7) Other applicable units were checked.
In brief, the conclusions are as follows:
a. If the information and data studied from all pertinent units substantiates the reported sighting as being a natural phenomenon, it should be so concluded. If there is no rational explanation, no conclusion should be drawn.
b. No hostile or unknown aircraft, missiles or vehicles were in the area at the time and place of the radar sighting. The UFOs were concluded to have been caused by radar-equipment malfunction and interference.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
line of site capabilities of the station and radar well within the
line of site capabilities of the station. Both detection and fade plots
were at 1.0 kilo-mega ratio.

EVALUATION
Operational Procedures: Operational procedures as demonstrated
by the NORAD system and its subordinate elements were as specified by
appropriate operational directives. Weapon commitment procedures were
appropriate to the speed, altitude and radar tracking characteristics of
the target track.

a. Montauk AFS: The actions of the radar surveillance personnel
were commendable in that during a 2-minute period the target was detected,
instituted as a track, five position plots recorded and forward told to the
26th CONAD Air Division, and to adjacent radars.

It was noted that the height-range indicator at Montauk is
physically located so that it cannot be used on short notice. It was also
noted that radar scope photo equipment was not readily available to obtain
a photographic record of this track.

b. Benton AFS: The operation at Benton, Pa., was in accordance
with current operational directives. The target was detected and passed
to adjacent radars and to higher echelons. A determined effort to collect
data was made.

It was noted that radar scope cameras were committed to a
training program and were not employed to record this track.

c. 26th CONAD Air Division: The control center personnel promptly
noted the track, assembled personnel of authority and passed track information

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document. There does not appear to be any photograph on this particular page. 

Here is the text extracted from the document:

to other concerned radars and UNCLASSIFIED
d. CONAD Forces Eastern CONAD Region: The Combat Operations
Center personnel promptly noted the track and properly passed track
information to those Air Defense Divisions along the probable flight path
of the object. The appropriate divisions were placed on increased readiness. 
Interceptors were scrambled ahead of the track along its dead-reckoned course.
e. NORAD: Operational procedures at the NORAD Combat Operations
Center were in accordance with current directives. Track information was
passed to CONAD Forces Central CONAD Region in time for them to have interceptors on CAP along the probable flight path of the track. Preliminary
information on this track and on NORAD actions were passed to the SAC
Control Center and to the USAF Command post.
2. Analysis of Track Overlays: The most obvious feature of the two
segments of Track 11-42, and one which contrasted most directly to the
original correlation, was the similarity of their courses. The first
portion carried by Montauk described a course of approximately 2500 while
the course of the second portion carried by Benton was about 2780. A line
drawn along the "average" course of the first segment and extended to the
area where the second part of the track was established passed within about
20 miles of the point of detection of the second segment. Courses of radar
tracks on bomber aircraft are seldom more consistent than this.
The first track segment appeared to curve slightly toward the
vest just prior to its fade. This change in course was based on only one
or two returns however, after discussing the track with the station operating personnel it was concluded that this change was well within the normal
variations caused by plotting errors. This turn then, may not have actually
occurred.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book report, describing the speeds and other characteristics of two unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text reads as follows:

The speeds of the two portions, while far less consistent than the courses, were nevertheless enough to preclude discounting a correlation on the basis of speed. The track carried by Montauk attained a length of about 143 n.m. in 95 seconds, giving an average speed of 5,400 knots (as opposed to 3,600 knots reported on the initial plot). Although the time period over which the track was carried by Montauk was too short to provide accurate estimates of speed changes, it appears that the track speed was, if anything, increasing. The last two plots, covering a 15-second time span, advanced the track approximately 13.5 n.m. giving an average speed of about 10,000 knots for this portion of the track. Again it is emphasized that these estimates must be viewed with caution because of the very short observation time.

The second part of BB-6 covered a distance of 128 n.m. in a period of 8 minutes. The average speed here was about 960 knots. The plots in this track segment indicate a speed of above 1,500 knots at the beginning and end of the track and a speed slightly below 900 knots in the middle portion of the track. Track BB-111, which paralleled the segment of BB-6 carried by Benton, achieved a length of 205 n.m. in 10 minutes for an average speed of 1,230 knots.

Since the speeds of the two segments of BB-6 differ by a factor of nearly six to one, a logical attempt to correlate the two segments can be made. If one assumes that the track described in speed during the 10 1/4 minutes it was dead-reckoned. On the basis of the two average speeds, i.e., 5,400 knots and 960 knots, an average deceleration of 26,600 knots per minute would be required over the entire 10 1/4 minutes to account for the change in speed.

- page 15 -

The image appears to contain a document or report that discusses a tracking radar system and its observations. There is no photograph present in this image. 

Text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

speed difference. If the track had decelerated at this rate it should have progressed about 330 m.m. during the dead-reckoned period instead of the 850 miles it actually did travel, a large neither segment indicated a marked deceleration it would be more logical to suppose that if the track decelerated, it did so only for a part of the dead-reckoned time.

In this case, the time and distance correlation would have been even less acceptable.

Except for the high blip-scan ratio observed at each station, there was virtually no similarity in the scope displays on the track segments. The return scans at Montauk appeared to represent a normal target. The blips were approximately the same size and shape as normal target returns and the only discrepancy observed was the relatively great decrease in blip size as the track approached the Benton.

The blips at Benton were larger than normal blips and appeared round in shape. All blips in Benton's track were identical and exhibited none of the variations in size or intensity characteristic of real target returns. The manner in which the second portion of the track faded was entirely unrealistic for an outbound track. The blips remained large and round out to the point where the fade seemed abrupt, which is quite unlike anything normally observed.

The fade on the portion of BB-6 carried by Montauk was more abrupt than would be expected for such persistent returns but is believed that a real track could fade in this manner.

To summarize the discussion on track correlation: the correlation in the courses of the two segments of BB-6 is remarkably good while the correlation in time and distance, even assuming a highly unlikely speed profile, is questionable. There seems to be no similarity between the scope displays seen at the two stations. Track BB-11 carried by Benton.

- page 16 -

The image appears to contain a graph that depicts the relationship between target size and altitude. The graph shows the estimated altitude range for targets of various sizes, ranging from -4 to 10 db. No human faces are visible in this image.

UNCLASSIFIED
must be considered an extra track which correlates with neither of the other segments.

3. Characteristics of Airborne Objects: The ADC Range Coverage Indicator was used in an attempt to determine the characteristics of an airborne object which could produce tracks similar to the ones observed at Benton. 

Using an average range based on the range at which the target was last observed on the VU lobe and the range of initial detection on the VC lobe, an estimate of target size and altitude was made. It was found that a plus 10 db target at 135,000 feet is the smallest object that could be lost on the VU lobe and be detected on the VC lobe at approximately this range. Applying the same procedure to the range at which the target disappeared from the VC team, it was determined that the smallest object which could produce this effect would be a minus 2 db target at 230,000 feet. This information is shown graphically in the following figure:

- page 17 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
The cross-hatched area of the figure represents the limits of the characteristics of an object which could produce the tracks observed at Benton; however, two major discrepancies must be noted concerning the above target size and altitude data:
a. No known type of airborne object should produce a 1.0 blip-scan ratio during the entire length of the track from its initial detection to its abrupt disappearance.
b. Based on the above target size and altitude estimates, the HCR indicates that the observed tracks were also within the detection capability of the VF and search kit beams; therefore, the tracks should have been detected in these beams.
4. Missile Characteristics:
a. Possibility of Cruise Type Missile: Tracking subsequent to the first pickup indicated a speed of approximately 5,400 knots or Mach 8.
Considering the so-called heat or thermal barrier problem this would be an extension of the state of the art so far beyond present day accomplishments as to be considered impossible for some time to come. In order to escape the heat barrier an airplane flying at this speed would have to fly above 300,000 feet. This again is so far beyond present day accomplishment as to be considered extremely unlikely. On the other hand, if we consider only the second pickup (by Benton), the ground speed of that portion (approximately 1,000 knots) would be consistent with the present state of the art.
b. Possibility of Ballistic Missile: A horizontal speed of Mach 9 is consistent with a 5,000 n.m. range ballistic missile. The 1,000 knot portion of the track is also consistent with ballistic missile re-entry.

- page 18 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO) or some kind of unclassified aerial object. The object appears to be a long, cylindrical shape.

UNCLASSIFIED
speed, however, a ballistic missile would land in a period of 30 to 200 seconds and cover only 20-40 miles while doing so, whereas, the track carried by Benton extended over 100 miles and about 6 minutes subsequent to detection. Similarly, the second track carried by Benton fails to demonstrate the deceleration characteristics of a ballistic missile re-entry. Thus, if we consider the two pickups to be on the same object, it seems unlikely that the object was a ballistic missile.
C. To summarize: Considering the two tracks as a unit it seems very unlikely that the object was either a cruise type or a ballistic missile.
Considering tracking on the first segment only, one might conclude that it could have been a ballistic missile.
Considering tracking subsequent to the second pickup only, one might conclude that it could have been a cruise type missile.
5. Meteor Characteristics: Meteors were also considered as a possible cause of high speed radar tracks. It was hypothesized that a meteor approaching the earth at a relatively large angle (as measured from the horizontal) might produce a track having a horizontal component of velocity which could correlate with the portion of track BB-6 observed from Montauk. Upon closer examination, however, it appears that such a hypothesis is untenable.
Meteors penetrating the earth's atmosphere can be detected and tracked by radar, but the result of research in this area indicate that it would be extremely unlikely that a radar return from a meteor would be mistaken for a guided missile.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a text document discussing meteor tracking and observation. As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
Observations made by the U. S. Bureau of Standards show that the radar frequency is an important factor in the tracking of meteors. Radar returns are obtained more from the ionized gases surrounding the meteor than from the meteor itself, and as the radar frequency is increased more of the energy should pass through the ionized cloud rather than reflecting from it. In general, successful meteor tracking has been achieved only with radar having frequencies below about 50 mc/s. Since the frequency of the FPS-20 is over twenty times as high as this, it is extremely doubtful that it would even detect a meteor. Perhaps the ionized "trail" could be detected particularly after it had sufficient time to expand into a larger target, but such a return would not appear as a fast moving object.
A consideration of meteor speeds only serves to discount further the possibility that any of the tracks could have been caused by meteors. During the past twenty years, several thousand meteors have been observed scientifically, i.e., accurate records of their speed and trajectory have been made. Data on the velocities of over 10,000 meteors studied by Stenford and Harvard Observatories show that velocities below 35,000 knots are rare, and none of the observations showed velocities below 23,000 knots. These studies also indicate that meteor trails, i.e., heating of the meteor to incandescence and ionization of gases, rarely begin above 65 n.mi. or extend below a height of 25 n.mi.
A meteor approaching the earth at a velocity of 33,000 knots would have to follow a path inclined at least 77° from the horizontal in
*Fletcher G. Watson, Between the Planets, p. 84, 1223
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 20 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified object or document that appears to be related to a report or investigation. The text in the document discusses the details and analysis of an incident observed at Montauk, New York, including the velocity, trajectory, and potential effects of the observed object. It also mentions aurora borealis as a possible factor. The text is presented in a technical and analytical manner without identifying any individuals.

UNCLASSIFIED
order to produce a horizontal component of velocity of 5,000 knots (the approximate average velocity of the first segment of BB-G). In the nearly two minutes (95 seconds) that Montauk carried the track, a meteor at this velocity would travel about 975 n.m.i. In the vertical plane. Thus, detection would have had to be made when the object was at least 275 miles above the surface of the earth.
On the other hand, a meteor at 23,000 knots, following a trajectory flat enough to be tracked for 95 seconds by radar, i.e. within 100 miles of the earth's surface, would travel nearly 600 n.m.i. horizontally at a horizontal velocity of 22,500 knots.
To summarize: A meteor following a trajectory having a horizontal component of velocity consistent with the speed of track BB-G as seen at Montauk would have had to be detected nearly 600 miles above the earth's surface without benefit of a cloud or trail of ionized gas. Such a feat is considered extremely unlikely for a rotating, surveillance radar.
A meteor remaining close enough to the earth's surface to afford even a remotely possible visual range would have to travel at a speed of at least 22,000 knots.
6. Aurora Borealis: Aurora Borealis was also a factor considered by the team as having possible effects of this nature. Research into past history on the subject indicates all known aurora effects in the radar frequency spectrum produce receiver saturation by random noise, creating an entirely different scope condition from those observed during this incident. No instances have been recorded where auroral effects have produced just one or two tracks similar to those observed at the Montauk station.
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
In 1953, an evaluation and detailed report was made on a phenomenon existing at Montauk, Montauk, New York. This phenomenon could not in any way be associated with the 20 September 1957 incident by the NORAD team.
7. Weather: Immediately following the incident, the Division Weather Officer analyzed weather and atmospheric conditions prevailing in the 26th Division. This analysis was based primarily on soundings and reported weather conditions. In general, this analysis showed no ducts, inversions or other conditions which could account for false target tracks.
A similar analysis was performed by members of the 31 Weather Group, Hq. ADC. The results of this analysis verified the findings of the Division weather Officer.
Weather forecasts and soundings from the four weather stations closest to the area in which the tracks were observed are included in Attachment II. It is noted that the only indication of a refractive layer is found in the plots of R units (refractive index) from Idlewild. This layer was not strong, however, and was at a higher altitude than are layers which normally cause false targets.
To summarize: Two independent studies of the available weather data by qualified weather officers failed to reveal conditions which are known to produce anomalous propagation or false targets. If weather conditions prevailing on 20 September did produce these high speed tracks, one would expect the occurrence of such tracks to be the rule rather than the exception.
8. Equipment Malfunction: Montauk Air Force Station has recently had the AN/FPS-20 search radar modified into an AN/FPS-20. The station has in this manner been able to maintain continuous operation of its radar equipment.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a declassified U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

Transcribed text from the document:

3. Alleged High-Speed "Unos" Tracked from Montauk, New York, and Heading Toward Benson, Pa. (September 13, 1957)

a. Commander, ATIC, was requested by Deputy ACS/I, Headquarters, USAF to provide additional details, particular information regarding a reported potential high-speed unidentified aerial objects sighted on September 13, 1957, near Montauk, New York, and Benson, Pennsylvania.

b. Detailed report of the incident based on investigations and analyses:

(1) Track was picked up originally by the radar unit at Charleston, S.C., on September 13, 1957. It was tracked for 55 minutes.

(2) The radar units at Highlands, N.Y., E. Turo, Mass., and at Montauk, N.Y., also picked up the same track. However, these units could not make contact with the supposed targets.

(3) F-102 aircraft were scrambled from George AFB (AD) (Victorville), California, but made no additional contact. The track faded at this point. The tracks were considered genuine, as a prescribed track in that direction. No contact made.

(4) Bough a further team to study this incident, including similar targets if they should appear.

(5) On 25 September, a series of blips was noted on the radarscope at Benton, Pa. These blips disappeared after 20 seconds. When the channel (frequency) was changed the blips disappeared. They reappeared when the original frequency was restored. This phenomena was unidentified, but having a non-rotating antenna was considered the most probable cause.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 23 -

The image appears to be a page from an old document related to the Project Blue Book UFO investigation. There is no photograph present in this particular page. The text on the page has been redacted in several places, likely to obscure sensitive or classified information.

Here is the text output from the document, excluding the redacted portions:

the past, experienced in several major components of the equipment. None of these were serious enough, however, to induce long periods of breakdown or degradation of operational performance.

The NORAD team could not find any specific source or component malfunction that could contribute to the cause of the 20 September phenomenon. The circumstantial evidence associated with this phenomenon such as the observation by the NORAD team of a condition similar to that observed by the operations personnel on 20 September would indicate erratic performance of some electronic component within the equipment. One member of the NORAD team has been closely associated with the technical development of the FPS-20 since its inception. It was indicated by this member during the evaluation that certain electronic components of this equipment, on rare occasions, would produce random noise known as "angel effects." These effects are similar to those experienced on 20 September by the Montauk station.  The similarity, however, is not conclusive enough that the incident can be attributed to this effect. Further technical analysis must be accomplished before "angel effects" can be either accepted or rejected as a cause.

At Benson Air Force Station, the NORAD team was unable to find any specific cause of malfunction of the AN/CPS-6B that would contribute to the 20 September phenomenon. The station has experienced only those minor equipment difficulties all common to the AN/CPS-6B over long periods of sustained operation. The circumstantial evidence associated with this phenomenon, such as the pick-up and fade characteristics of the target, the appearance of the target on only one scope, the

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an unclassified report discussing the characteristics of high-speed radar tracks.

The text output is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

In studying the characteristics of these high-speed radar tracks, it was found that much of the information pertaining to them appeared to be unrelated or contradictory. Under these circumstances, it is very difficult and often impossible to arrive at positive conclusions. None of the possible causes considered in the study could be supported indisputably as the one responsible for the tracks. The evaluation did show that certain of the explanations were more tenable while others were rejected almost entirely. Therefore, the conclusions presented concerning the cause of tracks RB-6 and RB-111 are not stated in unequivocal terms as one would prefer conclusions to be, but rather they are statements of the relative probability that the tracks were the result of the various possible causes evaluated.

a. Despite the apparent track correlation between the two segments of track RB-6, it is highly probable that these two tracks resulted from separate, unrelated causes.

b. The most probable cause of track RB-6 carried by Montauk is believed to be either a circuit malfunction or interference from a radar.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 25 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Text transcription:

having a non-rotating UPPER ASCIFIEDB causes, the former is considered the more likely.

c. The most probable cause of track BE-6 and BE-11 carried by Benton is believed to be equipment malfunction. External interference is not considered a probable cause. 

d. Estimates of the altitude of BE-111 and the portion of BE-6 carried by Benton are highly questionable. Estimates of the altitude of BE-6 carried by Montauk are totally without basis.

e. It is considered highly improbable that any of the track segments were caused by either meteors or auroral effects.

f. Although weather phenomena cannot be completely discounted, it is believed improbable that the tracks observed at Benton were a result of any known weather or atmospheric conditions.

g. Since weather data are not available from areas over the ocean, it is possible that unknown weather conditions could have caused the track observed at Montauk. On the basis of available data, however, weather is not considered a probable cause of the first segment of track BE-6.

h. On the basis of known missile capabilities, it is possible that a ballistic missile could simulate the trajectory of BE-6 as observed at Montauk and that the trajectory of a cruise missile could resemble BE-111 or the second portion of BE-6. Neither of these are considered probable causes.

i. Operational functions of the BOAR system were within established time criteria and in accordance with existing directives.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

1. It is recommended that further technical investigation be accomplished by appropriate Air Force agencies to attempt to isolate the phenomenon outlined in this report to insure proper recognition of this phenomenon should it re-occur.

MAURICE D. MURPHY 
Major,
Member, USAF

CHARLES W. KRATT 
Major,
Chairman
USAF

WALTER R. GOODRICH, JR. 
Ma. jor, 
Member, USAF

MR. ROY E. DONEGAN
OEQAD Operations Analyst
Member

DR. JOHN J. McGRATH
OEQAD Operations Analyst
Member

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 27 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a detailed aerial navigation map or chart. There are no photographs present on this page.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

DATE
PAGE
RECORDER
NAUTICAL MILES
STATUTE MILES
SECRET
20 21
28
MANTAUK, N.Y. TO BENSON, PA.
KN
LN
MN
LM
MM
LK
MK
NK
PK
LJ
MJ
NJ
AJ
LH
MN
NH
PHS
AM
BH
CN
DO-I OB-I
FH
GH
HN

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document with text describing weather forecasts for the 26th Air Division on September 27, 1957.

ATTACHMENT II
AREA WEATHER FORECASTS FOR 26TH AIR DIVISION (DEF)
VALID 20/1800Z TO 20/2300Z SEPT 27
General Situation: Little change expected in synoptic picture during forecast period with high pressure area in North Atlantic and ridge extending southwest over Virginia.
ALL Zones:
Clouds: Mostly clear with increasing high cloudiness above 25,000 feet.
Precipitation: None
Visibility: Patches of ground fog burning out and very reaching 3 miles by 13302.
Freezing Level: 13,000 ft. msl.
Icing: None ft. msl.
Contrails: 35,000 ft. msl.
Remarks: Cloud bases given as ceiling ht. in feet-tops given in feet msl.
Valid 20/1500Z to 20/2300Z Sept 27
General Situation: Cold front approaching Div. from the northwest with considerable shower activity in advance.
Zone 1 and Northwest Extn.: Clouds: Sun-ny near 1500-2000 ft. with tops to 35 thsd. ft.
Precipitation: Shwrs. and scatd. tsms.
Visibility: 7 plus rept. lvng. to 2-4 in pown.
Freezing Level: 13,000 ft. msl.
Icing: Severe in tsms ft. msl.
Contrails: 35,000 ft. msl.
Remainder of Division Area:
Clouds: Scrd only bkn cumulus bases near 3,000 ft. tops to 12-15 thsd. ft.
with bkn middle clouds bases near 15-10 thsd. ft.
Precipitation: None.
Visibility: 6 mi in hze.
Freezing Level: 13,500 ft. msl. Icing: None ft. msl.
Contrails: 35,000 ft. msl.
Remarks: Cloud bases given as ceiling ht. in ft-tops given in ft. msl.

- page 29 -

The image provided appears to be a computation sheet for calculating the atmospheric index of refraction. There is no photograph present in this image. 

The text output is as follows:

RADAR SITE Palermo, N.J.
RAOB STATION Albany, N.Y. 
DATE 20 Sept 57 TIME 1800Z
FORECASTER

P T T4 H1 B
004 23 17 288 349
964 19 13 1500 538 
884 16 12 3910 344
863 17 11 4550 341
850 16 19 4980 336

COMPUTATION SHEET
FOR
ATMOSPHERIC INDEX OF REFRACTION
3 WG FORM 29-SEPT 55

ATTACHMENT 2

- page 30 -

The image appears to contain a graph and a table, but no photograph. The graph is labeled "STATION-REFRACTIVE INDEX" and appears to show a computation sheet for atmospheric index of refraction. The table contains numerical data with column headers P, T, T4, H1, and B.

LOCKPORT, N.Y.
RADAR SITE
ROAD STATION	BUFFALO, N.Y.
DATE	20 SEPT 57	TIME	1800Z
FORECASTER	-

P	T	T4	H1	B
991	22	20	706	966
850	14	13	4940	553

M - - - - - 
N - - - - -
AB - - - - -

CASE NO.	PAGE
COMPUTATION SHEET
FOR
ATMOSPHERIC INDEX OF REFRACTION
WG FORM 29-1 SEPT 55

- page 31 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a computation sheet for the atmospheric index of refraction. The sheet includes a grid graph with various data points and labels such as "RADAR SITE", "RADIO STATION", "DATE", "TIME", "FORECASTER", and "COMPUTATION SHEET FOR ATMOSPHERIC INDEX OF REFRACTION".

RADAR SITE Montauk, N. Y.
RADIO STATION Islipville, N. Y.
DATE 20 Sept 57
TIME 1500Z  
FORECASTER
CASE NO. PAGE

COMPUTATION SHEET
FOR
ATMOSPHERIC INDEX OF REFRACTION
3 WG FORM 29-1 SEPT 55

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
1. D. A. HALL
3. GEN. WATF0N
AFCIN-42
MR. HEFNER
AFCIN-41
GEN WATSON
AFCIN-4

REMARKS
1. Attempt to obtain letter in reference to passage.
2. By strange coincidence, the attached report closely resembles one made to your office previously. This indicates whatmeans intended by the people who made it.

FROM NAME OR TITLE: CAPT GREGORY

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1230 - wed 26 Feb 58

MR. ****:

(Paraphrased) Reference inquiries regarding Martha's Vineyard sights indicated by General W.J. Hull. Particulars are in a brief report not entirely correct. This incident was made observer across tracks.

Track was picked up originally by two stations in New York. Unit contact was at Montauk, N.Y. However, unit units along line (paraphrased) to 5 were alerted. These units did not have any confirmations.

Sic - 102 aircraft were scrambled from various bases in Michigan and Illinois. No conclusion was reached. Nothing but normal activity.

A radar team was set up to study this incident, including the radar investigating team that was in the original radar unit that sighted the track closely identical. On 25 September. It appeared. They reappeared when the previous channel was broken. 

A check of the second radar unit disclosed that there were two GGAC units that the same match dropped targets. It was also determined that the targets detection and characteristics of other comparable units were also checked by this investigation. Conclusion:

a. The information and data studied from all pertinent units appeared to be understood and in fact corroborative to each other.

b. It is, therefore, difficult if not impossible to draw any valid conclusions, although there is no compelling reason indications that the checks were invalid.

A full report will be on your desk upon return.

George T. Gregory/an
Captain, USAF Division
ATIC

- page 34 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a computation sheet for atmospheric index of refraction.

RADAR SITE Claysburg, Pa.
RAOB STATION Pittsburgh, Pa. 
DATE 20 SEPT 57 TIME 16002
FORECASTER _________________

P T T4 H1 B
975 20 19 1152 365
850 14 13 4980 353

COMPUTATION SHEET
FOR 
ATMOSPHERIC INDEX OF REFRACTION
3 WG FORM 29-1 SEPT 55

- page 35 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation of UFO sightings.

The text in the document reads:

WASHINGTON    11 FEB '57 STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND HAS BEEN ALERTED AT MACDILL AFB TO LOOK OUT FOR PLANES OR OBJECTS THAT MAY BE SENT BY RALPH E. FLANDERS CRAFT TOLD ABOUT IT IS THE CENSORED ACCOUNT OF SENA TOR THOMAS C. HENNINGS JR. ON THE ACTIVITIES OF THE SENATOR QUOTED GEN. THOMAS POWER, STRATEGIC AIR COMMANDER, AS, SAYING THAT THERE HAVE BEEN INFORMATION THAT SOME OF THE BASES HAVE PICKED UP UNIDENTIFIED PLANES WHICH CAN ONLY BE THE IDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS WHICH WERE OBSERVED. DISPATCH No. 38. RADAR STATIONS REPORTED SIGHTINGS AND THE COAST GUARD CUTTER HAMILTON REPORTED SEEING SOMETHING ON THE SCOPE ABOUT 50 MILES OFF CAPE HATTERAS, N.C. ON 6 FEB. POWER SAID THAT WHEN AIRCRAFT ARE DISPATCHED TO CHECK THESE REPORTS, THE OBJECTS DISAPPEAR. HE SAID THAT THIS AIR ACTIVITY IS GREATLY DISTURBING AND DESERVES SERIOUS CONSIDERATION, DUE TO THE ONE OF THESE UFO'S UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS WHICH WERE OBSERVED. DISMISSED AS SENSITIVENESS OF U.S. RADAR AND NOT TO ANY ACTUAL EXISTENCE.

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned document containing handwritten text or notes.

Text output:

TION OF THE EARTH AND PLANETS FORMATION OF THE EARTH AND PLANETS 
1) ACCRETION OF GASES IN SPACE = NEBULAR HYPOTHESIS ACCRETION
2) OF GASES IN SPACE = NEBULAR HYPOTHESIS 
3) ACCUMULATION OF GASES INTO SOLID BODIES ACCUMULATION OF GASES INTO SOLID BODIES
4) EVIDENCE FOR PAST ACTIVITY ON MOON EVIDENCE FOR PAST ACTIVITY ON MOON
5) DIFFERENCE BETWEEN EARTH AND MOON DIFFERENCE BETWEEN EARTH AND MOON
6) INTERNAL STRUCTURE AND ORIGIN OF EARTH INTERNAL STRUCTURE AND ORIGIN OF EARTH
7) GEOLOGIC ACTIVITY ON EARTH GEOLOGIC ACTIVITY ON EARTH
8) ORIGIN OF CONTINENTS AND OCEANS ORIGIN OF CONTINENTS AND OCEANS
9) GEOLOGICAL TIME SCALE GEOLOGICAL TIME SCALE

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on an official document.

NORAD Report
This is a good report 
Dr. Hyne's request
for the tracking of a
Bogie on the incident.

21 not had until a call
region. No good.

Regarding a night sighting
to aircraft, report is, as
handled.

Upon act of NORAD Report
Classified File.

UNCLASSIFIED
Classification Cancelled
For Declassification Auth.
By: [REDACTED]

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a classified report regarding unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text output:

UNCLASSIFIED
AI HQDCS ORGFn i/3*9 1326
D. REPORT LA11:
P. 13i2027
BY WEAFEL U3*11 DC
TO: SCIENTIFIC WEIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
UNCLASSIFIED
SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING, MONTAUK, N.T. TO BENSON, PA. SEPT, 7, 2325
REFERENCE FORWARDING OF UFO SIGHTING INFORMATION OF CONGRESSMAN J. E. HndRIERSON, SR. WHICH REFERS TO A REQUEST RECEIVED MATERIAL. WILL BE REQUESTED THE ATTENTION OF AN EIGHT TECHNICAL CONSULTANT TO ANSWER QUESTIONS THAT MAY ARISE, PARTICULARLY CONCERNING THE FIVE TYPICAL UNKNOWN OBJECTS THAT WERE SIGHTED OVER A 15 MILE AREA. IT WILL BE USUAL NOT IN THE MATURE OF RECONNAISSAHCE LEADING TO INVESTIGATION. ON COMPLETION OF AIR FORCE EXAMINATION, CONTACT MAJOR DARBY E. T. TASSOS, FOR FURTHER ARRANGEMENTS.
J8/IGc2 JUI D01912

UNCLASSIFIED

Classification Conducted
(or changed to:__ )
Auth:       
Date: 29 SEP 59

- page 39 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a memo routing slip.

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO: MR D ARCIEF FX1
RECORDS: Re: observation of unidentified flying object (UFO) track for 1 minute, unusual in nature.
REPLY: Suggest that the Missile Siting be notified as this may be significant.

- page 40 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. The text in the document reads:

"W. es. organ Captn By thas what vide 
them ill effect, from them
and le bold in the 
low dawn's. Plane in from 
a. and the was for.
Capt. Gray"

- page 41 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

JOINT MESSAGEFORM
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION UNCLASSIFIED

ACTION: CENTER ATIC
FROM: RADAR PLOT, BENSON, COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

RE: U.F.O. INFORMATION AND DATA REGARDING UFO REPORTEDLY TRACKED BY RADAR FROM AREA NEAR MANTAUK PENINSULA, MASS. TO BOISE POINT IN VICINITY OF CASPER, WYOMING. SPEED ESTIMATED AS 2000 MPH. ALSO REPORT FLAT TRACK PLOTS MADE OVER BUFFALO, NEW YORK, AND CHICAGO, ILLINOIS AS IT PASSED OVER THESE CITIES. THIS APPEARS TO BE RELATED TO INCIDENT REPORTED TO HAVE TAKEN PLACE IN SEPTEMBER 1957.

THIS CENTER HAS NO OFFICIAL RECORD OF ANY FILMS, PHOTOGRAPHS OR PHYSICAL EVIDENCE REGARDING THIS REPORT. FORWARDED AS AN INFORMATIONAL REQUEST FOR PARTICULAR TO THIS CASE. PLEASE PROVIDE FOLLOWING BASIC INFORMATION:
1. DETAILS REGARDING RADAR CONTACT. COORDINATES TRACK OF THE SAME OBJECT FROM POINT OF ORIGIN TO POINT OF DISAPPEARANCE OR A SERIES OF SEPARATE PLOT MOVES IN CASE CONTACT WAS LOST.
2. TYPED NAME AND TITLE OF OFFICIAL.

UNCLASSIFIED
DD: APR: 1753 - DOD-IND-173 - I OCT OF WHICH WILL BE USED UNTIL EXHAUSTED.

- page 42 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TRACK AND CONTACT: UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT OR OBJECT 
1. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: ALTITUDE, SPEED, SHAPE, AND COLOR
2. DETAILS OF OBSERVATION AVAILABLE (DATE, TIME, LOCATION, OBSERVER, VISIBILITY, ETC.) 
3. TIME WHEN FIRST PICKED UP AND WHERE INITIALLY SIGHTED
4. MAXIMUM SPEED OF OBJECT 
5. MANEUVER OF OBJECT
6. ACTIONS TAKEN TO IDENTIFY, USING ALL AVAILABLE MEANS
7. IF IDENTIFIED AS AN AIR-CRAFT OR OBJECT, OR IF NOT IDENTIFIED, GIVE COMPLETE DETAILS OF SUBSEQUENT OBSERVATION OR CHASE, IF ATTEMPTED, GIVING TIMES, SPEEDS, DIRECTION, ETC.

FOR USE IF A SEPARATE SHEET IS REQUIRED FOR STATEMENT

CONTINUED:

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document.

FF RJED:Q
DL RJEDON 165

F4COMDR ADC ENT AFB COLO
TO COMDR ATIC WPAFB OHIO
LT

'FRO ADODI-E 515 REFERENCE YOUR MESSAGE
AFCIN-444 IC 4:1544, 15 FEBRUARY 19-56. INVESTIGATION OF THE INCIDENT QF 26 SEPTEMBER 15-57 WAS CONDUCTED BY A HEADQUARTERS AD HOC COMMITTEE. INCIDENT DATA REQUESTED IS CONTAINED IN THE AD HOC COMMITTEE REPORT WHICH IS BEING FORWARDED TO YOUR HEADQUARTERS BY SEPARATE COVER. THIS DATE.
LT

CATHERINE J. OYD REPORTED, EXCEPT PRIOR TO
SIGNATURE IS LEFT THIS BLOCK TOR DIRECTIVES
PRIOR TO BE Y THIS BLOCK OFFICER

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters United States Air Force in Washington, D.C. dated May 2, 1958.

The text in the document is as follows:

MEMORANDUM FOR MAJOR GENERAL WALSH
SUBJECT: Air Defense Radar Incident

I have reviewed the attached account of an Air Defense radar incident. The radar incident is reported to my headquarters by the RORAD and the incident is reported to have occurred on 7 September 1957 in the vicinity of Montauk, New York. The report indicates that the most probable cause of this incident was equipment malfunction, however, the report also states that it is impossible to determine that this was in fact the cause of the incident precisely as reported.

Considering the good correlation of the object observed, I am inclined to believe that the object observed is most probably not a person. The report indicates that from the observed points of light, it should not be concluded that there was a determination of a definite solid object. However, I suggest that from the points of light observed, electronics people as well as ARDE may possibly be able to shed further light on this incident. In the meantime, you may wish to consider taking a closer look at the types of incidents on a special effort basis for the next few months in an effort to determine whether this is in fact an isolated incident.

Enclosure:
RORAD RPT

UNCLASSIFIED
AFOAP Cont. 7-8080B

- page 45 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten notes.

Memo for Mr. Arcier, AFCIN-XL
Thru: Col. Gilbert, AFCIN-96

Subject: Evaluation of Air Defense 
UFO Incident - Reported by Gen. Walsh.

1. Release is made to Gen. Walsh's request 
to Gen. Watson regarding Air Force interest
on a long-delayed incidental incident that
apparently approached the mass level, and was
passed to ATIC for analysis and further
handling.

The incident is reported to be a sighting
at 7:30 and 9:30 P.M. Radar signals, ground 
and airborne verified the details.

2. Attached is a detailed report of the incident,
jointly prepared by Maj. Walsh and personnel under 
his direction, who participated in the incident.
The following is a summary:

A. Target was first observed on M/YG at 1906Z and 1912Z. 
The radar operator estimated the speed at 4,370 mph.

B. The radar target displayed an unusual behavior, 
entering and leaving the radar scope in a matter of
seconds, re-appearing, and disappearing from time to 
time. At one point the target appeared to split into 
a number of smaller targets.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 46 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
a. This report is in reply to your request of 18 June 1957 that information be furnished concerning a strange object reported on 25 September 1957 in the vicinity of Montauk, Long Island, New York.

b. It is reported that on 25 September 1957, a radar station at Camp Hero, Montauk, New York, detected an object approximately 25 miles east-southeast of Montauk. The object was tracked for approximately 15 minutes, during which time the Director of Operations at the radar station kept an accurate plot of the movement of the object.

c. On 25 September, the radar station made a visual contact on the object. The object was described as being large and of an indefinite shape. The object was observed to be motionless for approximately 30 seconds and then it went into a slow climb at an undetermined speed and disappeared into the clouds. The ground observers reported that the object was completely silent.

b. A check of the records (Pa. ATIC) disclosed that the object referred to is the same one that was reported on 17 September 1957. An Air Force weather balloon was launched from Harrisburg, Pa. at 1758 hours EST on 17 September 1957 and was tracked by the radar station at Camp Hero, Montauk, New York.

3. conclusion: In view, the incidents are as follows:
a. The information and data studied for this case indicate that the object sighted was in all probability an Air Force weather balloon.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 47 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document containing handwritten text.

UNCLASSIFIED

The document appears to be an official report or correspondence related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects. The text reads as follows:

"The report originally submitted has been changed somewhat as a result of more complete information. The original report was misleading in certain respects and additional comments are necessary.

The object was first observed at approximately 8:00 pm EST on 7 September 1957 by two observers at Mantauk, N.Y. The observers first noticed a bright, flashing light in the southwest sky at about 10 degrees above the horizon. After observing the light for about 2 minutes, it disappeared and reappeared at a different location, approximately 25 degrees to the west of its original position. The light was observed for a total of about 5 to 7 minutes before disappearing completely.

No further information."

The report is signed by "George T. Denton" and dated "7 Sept 57".

- page 48 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The document appears to be a memorandum regarding a UFO incident that occurred near Montauk, New York on September 20, 1957. The text of the document is as follows:

MEMORANDUM TO: Mr. Areier, 4X1
THRU: Colonel Gilbert, AR
SUBJECT: Evaluation of Air Defense Radar UFO Incident - Montauk, N.Y.

Reference is made to Gen Walsh's request to Gen Watson, regarding certain particulars on a long-duration, possibly hostile, high-speed targets over Montauk, N.Y. As reported(ly) originating near Martha's Vineyard, these targets were detected by radar and recognized from their established orbits and flight characteristics.

On 20 September 1957, the radar unit at Montauk, N.Y. picked up originally by the radar unit at Highlands, N.J. a series of high-speed targets. The radar units at Highlands, N.Y. and Otis AFB, Mass. locked on to these units, but could not make contact with the supposed targets.

The radar units detected signals from KINROSS AFB (ARC) (Michigan) as well as two additional F-102s* from Truax AFB (Wisconsin) on the targets towards a ground-controlled intercept in that direction. No definite identification of the targets was made, but it was significant to point out that the last observed track was in the vicinity of Benson, Pa. (northeast of Montauk) and not in the vicinity as reported to ATIC).

Weather conditions: overcast and calm.

It is recommended that up a radar team study this incident, including similar targets if they should appear.

On 25 September, a radar team noted a series of blips on the radarscope of the Montauk, N.Y. station, the unit originally reporting the targets. These targets, lasting over 20 minutes, exhibited continuous high-speed movement and disappeared. They reappeared when the previous channel was tuned in.

- page 49 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

CONTENTS

SECTION			PAGE
STATEMENT OF OBJECTIVES............................... 1
RESUME OF EVENTS........................................ 1 
RELATED DATA............................................. 2
	1. General.............................................. 2
	2. Montauk AFS.......................................... 3
	3. Benson AFS........................................... 6
EVALUATION...............................................12
	1. Operational Procedures.............................12
	2. Analysis of Track Overlays.........................13
	3. Characteristics of Airborne Objects...............16
	4. Missile Characteristics...........................17
	5. Meteor Characteristics............................18
	6. Aurora Borealis...................................20
	7. Weather...........................................21
	8. Equipment Malfunction.............................21
CONCLUSIONS.............................................23
RECOMMENDATIONS..........................................25

UNCLASSIFIED

Page __ of __ copies

- page 50 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a declassified document related to Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text output from the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
SAC aircraft: A check of the Omaha, Pa. Unit disclosed that there were two station on 6 Bept that dropped targets which triggered both the ground radar set and the airborne set. The targets had very irregular characteristics and the detection and characteristics of these targets were completely abnormal.
6. Other applicable units were checked.
3. Conclusions: In brief, the conclusions are as follows:
a. The information and data studied from all pertinent units appeared to be identified, and the fact contradictory to each other.
b. It is therefore impossible to draw any valid conclusions or make any indication that the targets were hostile or identifiable.
This report has not been channeled through the Electronics Division, and the results thereof cannot be transmitted immediately to your attention for subsequent transmission to ATIC in this report; in the opinion of the undersigned, should be of value to personnel involved in projects and forwarded to ATIN-481 for their possible guidance.

George T. Gregory
Colonel, USAF
OSI-4-481

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document with text describing an unidentified target tracked by radar.

UNCLASSIFIED
3. Benton established contact on an unknown target north of the station at 1912Z. The track described a westerly course at a speed of about 920 knots. The target was tracked continuously until it faded at 1926Z. At 1942Z, 2 minutes prior to the fading of the unknown target, a new target appeared at a position northeast of the station at a speed of 1,200 knots. This target described a track that closely paralleled that of the first track and faded at 1943Z at a position northwest of the station.

These unknown tracks were passed to the 7634 ACWRON (Migrate) at Lockport AFS, N.Y. and to the 7722 ACWRON AFS (Silverstone) at Claysburg AFS, Pennsylvania; however, these radars failed to establish contact with the targets.

5. Four RIVinians were to a state of Increased Readiness during the time period. The 20th CADD and the 31st CADD at 2009Z and the 30th CADD and 37th CADD at 1935Z.

6. Noermann's action was taken by the 26th CADD due to the very high speed of the target. When the track first appeared on the GEECR ploting board at 1902Z, the 37th CADD was notified and at 1912Z two F-102's aircraft from Kinross were scrambled. The 37th then scrambled two additional F-102's from Truax. By this time, both tracks had faded.

RELATED DATA
1. GENERAL: On 25 and 26 September 1957, AGW maintenance and operations personnel associated with the 20 September incident...

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 52 -

