PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
5 August 1957

2. LOCATION
Silver Springs, Md

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 0825 EDT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4 minutes 30 seconds

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Blue-white luminous "V" formation of 7 objects, no sound. Each object size of moon, no color. Formation 3 size of moon. Light from sky was refracted in circular field surrounding formation in a transparent manner. Elevation estimated at 100,000 ft, speed at 1200 mph.

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Seven

8. COURSE
North

9. PHOTOS
No

11. COMMENTS
In view of extreme estimates of elevation and speed & fact that source has previously reported UFO's, considered unreliable source.

12. CONCLUSIONS
(Various checkboxes, none marked)

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 53)


- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of what you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 15 August 1957

[Handwritten text below, partially legible]:

On August 1957 at [illegible] and I was sitting at [illegible] and I was called out by the children to look at something in the sky. We saw an ice shape [rest of text is difficult to fully decipher due to handwriting and image quality]


- page 2 -

Page 10

[The text is partially illegible due to handwriting and image quality, but I will transcribe what I can make out:]

[First few lines are mostly illegible]

...could be detected if only scrutinizing, my eyes
...ably better than anyone else then they were
...ched at 20:10 in 1957 just upon the Feb 23
...y. Still are pretty pale. The formation
...red throwing at a fairly rate of penetration
...at an elevation near 1st of 4 1/2 minutes
...was seen only a point high...
...drawing - at faded out because...
...tance


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Volume: 1972

In discussion with Col. [redacted]
of the Bio-Physics Lab - yesterday
this Some (who has sort in UFO report)
before 23 Feb 1954 C.C.
believed that Some was not of great
reliability:

1. How could one estimate a distance
of 100,000 feet at night?

2. Particularly if the size is doubtful
held up?

3. Even a B-36 would hardly be
seen at that altitude from the ground-height

4. How did he derive it a speed
of 1200 MPH + with time observation

5. This duration (about 5 minutes) casts
doubt the figure slow. Consider him -
unreliable source:

*See U.S. GoC Guide - A B-36 (from - hand daylight)
will look like a/c flying at only 1/2 miles -> ----
(copy attached)


- page 4 -

MO ROUTINE SLIP

Remarks:
Cole from HQ ABC
Message - this
pho. Contact will HQ Billings
no more po 104. Some
times unbelievable and
Contradictory.

DD FORM 95 is visible at the bottom of the document.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

120
33
150 sec

Tan θ = 2.75
275,000 ft
100,000

275,000 ft
150,000 (height)

18,000 H/hr (speed)
-22 (alt) x 600 = 1220 H/HR (height)
Tan 2.75
100,000

1. How could determine 600,000 ft at night with low
2. How     be obtained good at night
3. In the B-36 would help to come
with altitude of 150,000 ft - how say to get
a/c close to, would be range of sight at night

There is an additional note in an oval: "This is for Cal Examiner Blue Physics Lab"

The document contains multiple hand-drawn triangular diagrams with various measurements and calculations, primarily focused on altitude, height, and speed calculations.


- page 6 -

MULTI-MOTORED AIRCRAFT

UNITED STATES
SPAN: 230'
LENGTH: 142' 6"
ENGINES: 6P-W P&W4360-4
SPEED: OVER 435 MPH
RANGE: 4,000 MILES (Com.)

UNITED STATES
SPAN: 230'
LENGTH: 182' 6"
ENGINES: 6P-W R-4360
SPEED: APPROX 350 MPH
RANGE: 8,000 MILES

DISTANT APPEARANCE OF B-36

Silhouette

Comparative Size of B-36

B-36 F-86 TB-25


- page 7 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with significant fading and blurring. While I can make out some text, much of it is illegible. Here's what I can partially read:

Top of the page:
"(ADC)"

Some lines are partially visible, but the text is too faint or blurry to confidently transcribe. Large portions of the document are obscured by dark smudges and degradation of the original document.

I apologize that I cannot provide a complete transcription due to the poor image quality.


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.

Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.

1. When did you see the object?
Monday, 5 August 1957

2. Time of day: Eight Twenty Five PM
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern x
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving x
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Silver Springs Maryland
Nearest Postal Address Sighting made from front yard
Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 0 4 30
Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain b. Fairly Certain x c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky? crystal clear, unlimited visibility
(Circle One) a. Bright daylight d. Just a trace of daylight
b. Dull daylight e. No trace of daylight
c. Bright twilight x f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you d. To your left x but not visible because it was setting
b. In back of you e. Overhead
c. To your right f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (15 OCT 52)


- page 9 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None x
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): moon was visible but
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One):   a. Yes x   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
               b. Several blocks away? x
               c. A block away?
               d. Several yards away?
               e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No x Don't Know
Yes   No x Don't Know
Yes   No x Don't Know
Yes   No x Don't Know
Yes   No x Don't Know
Yes   No x Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No x   Don't Know   IF you answered YES, then tell what
(I moved behind)

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No x   Don't Know   IF you answered YES, then tell what
(I moved in front of)

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid? x   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

(Circle One)
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other

(Circle One)
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No

Page 2


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: [partially illegible text]
b. Color: [partially illegible text]

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is present with some handwritten notes around it, but the text is mostly illegible]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

a. Other: This is described by the [partially illegible text]
[rest of text in this section is difficult to read]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Bottom of page has "all 17" written]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin   g. Silver dollar
               b. Pea             h. Baseball
               c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
               d. Nickel          j. Basketball
               e. Quarter         k. Other
               f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
      a. Certain   b. Not very sure   c. Fairly certain   d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? faded from view and went out of motion area.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could somehow take a photograph of the object. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last paragraph contains handwritten text that is partially illegible]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East

d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East

d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East

d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 4


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day                Month               Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes                No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes                No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Partially obscured text, appears to mention family members]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes                No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Partially illegible handwritten text]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially illegible handwritten text]


- page 15 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? military intelligence commander
Age 30   Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school ✓
b. High school ✓
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school ✓ (Type) intelligence
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [blank]

Page 8 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 16 -

