PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
29 April 1957

2. LOCATION
English Channel (France, England)

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local__9 pm
GMT 29/21002

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual   Ground-Radar
Air-Visual     Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
News Clipping

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not rptd

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
not rptd

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object flying in excess of 900 mph picked up on Radar screen. Jets scrambled and contact made. Possible test a/c.

11. COMMENTS
(blank)

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Believed to be French model of new type a/c during tests.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Newspaper Headline 1]
British Jets
Give Chase
To Object

LONDON, April 30—Royal Air Force all-weather jet fighters screamed into the air last night to chase a mystery object spotted on a south coast radar screen.

The Javelin fighters from Odiham Base near Southampton failed to intercept the object, reported traveling at 600 miles an hour over the English Channel.

An Air Ministry spokesman in London, disclosing this today, said the object was first sighted just before 9 o'clock last night.

An Air Ministry investigation has been ordered and reports from radar stations along the coast are being studied.

It is understood the interceptor's test plane, Private firms testing prototypes do not necessarily have to give prior warning to the Air Ministry of any intended high-speed attempt.

The Ministry is waiting to see if any manufacturer does report such a flight.

[Newspaper Headline 2]
British Identify
Mystery Object

LONDON, Nov. 8—A mysterious fast-flying object over the English Channel which last week left pursuing Royal Air Force jets flying at 600 m.p.h. far behind, now has been identified, according to an authoritative aviation source.

The aviation source said it will not reveal the secret until Air Minister George Ward tells it in Commons next Wednesday in answer to a question.

A London evening newspaper tonight speculated that the object was the new French fight plane, the Mirage, said to be capable of flying at 1100 miles an hour. But the aviation source said it was not believed this was the real answer.

[Handwritten note at bottom of page]
The French and English no limited as to place to test their night - speed of jets. It was not a typical case of a jet - activity over the normal area of


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top right handwritten note]
lu 7+5, 5/8/57

[Newspaper Clipping Headline]
'Saucer' Is
Mirage—in
Name Only

[Newspaper Clipping Text]
LONDON, May 5—A mysterious flying object that easily distanced British javelin jets was tracked up to intercept it over the English Channel last week was identified today as a visitor from France, not from outer space.

The London Evening News said it was one of France's new 1100-mile-an-hour jet fighters, the delta-winged Mirage, out on a night flight.

One of the claims of the Mirage's designers, the Dassault Co., is that the plane is "impossible to catch."

[Bottom Text Report]
Apr.29-England-"Flying Golf Ball" reported from London, Essex, Gravesend, Bexley-heath & Chingford.(London UFO dove, climbed, hovered & even whistled.) Many reports said there were orange, glowing objects, but no-sound noticed.(i. "Flying Golf Ball"reported over Wash, DC, I could understand!). (See:July 2nd, Report, Alamo, Texas).

*London, Eng.-8:30 to 9:15pm-Interference reported by witness.
*Over Eng.Channel-8:50pm-UFOs tracked on Radar;British Javelins sent-up to investigate, found nothing, apparently. UFOs shot W.
*Leichampton, Eng.-9:20pm-"Cigar"UFO silently swallows Disc after they had made light"Signals"at eachother, says Report(See:3/10).
*London, Eng.-9:25 pm-Blurry,orange Disc going NW near clouds.
*Ludeford Beach, Eng.-Large, orange UFO observed by many 1/2minute.


- page 3 -

