PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 1st Monday August 1957

2. LOCATION: Jacksonville, Florida

3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 22307

4. PHOTOS: □ Yes □ No

5. SOURCE: Civilian

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: one

7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: □ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar □ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one

9. COURSE: 34

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Report of object in front of moon, letter to President requesting info as to what the object was.

11. COMMENTS: Letters written in 1961 requesting information about a sighting in 1957. No ephemeris for 1957. Possible occultation. Report unreliable and information too meager for evaluation. Case considered as an unreliable rpt.

12. CONCLUSIONS: (All boxes appear unchecked)


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

N50-7-
September 18, 1961

[The rest of the handwritten text is difficult to read with complete certainty. While I can see there is dense handwritten text covering most of the page, the cursive script and image quality make it challenging to transcribe accurately without potentially introducing errors.]


- page 2 -

3 October 1957

MEMORANDUM FOR CONGRESSIONAL INQUIRY DIVISION, SAFIL

SUBJECT: Reply to Mrs.

The following is a proposed draft of reply to Mr.

"The Office of the President has asked the Air Force to reply to your recent letter concerning unidentified flying objects.

"The Air Force, as part of its air defense role, is charged with the responsibility for the investigation and evaluation of unidentified flying object sightings.

"Your interest in telling us of the sighting you witnessed in 1957 is appreciated."

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dear Mrs. [redacted]

The Office of the President has asked the Air Force to reply to your recent letter concerning unidentified flying objects.

The Air Force is charged with the responsibility for the investigation and evaluation of unidentified flying object sightings.

Your interest in telling us of the sighting you witnessed in 1957 is appreciated.

Sincerely,

G. R. CARLSON
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Public Information Division
Office of Information

P.J.B. [redacted]
Jacksonville 5, Florida

2 copies to IAL
SAFOI-3c-comeback
SAFOI-3c-render

OFFICE OF THE INFORMATION

1961 OCT 10 TO PB

[Signature at bottom right]


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top of document, partially obscured]
October 12, 1961

Dear Sir:

[Handwritten text continues, but is difficult to fully transcribe due to handwriting and image quality. Some words are legible but a complete transcription would require guessing.]

OCT 18 1961
SE RE

[Note: Large portions of the handwritten text are not clearly legible enough to confidently transcribe without potentially introducing errors.]


- page 5 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to a large black redaction bar covering a significant portion of the document. There are some faint markings or text at the top of the page, but they are too blurry and obscured to read with certainty.


- page 6 -

The text on this page is mostly illegible. There appears to be some handwritten text at an angle, but the writing is too faint and blurry to accurately transcribe. There is a partial circular shape drawn on the left side of the page, but the details are not clear. The bottom of the page has some additional faint handwriting, but the text cannot be definitively read.


- page 7 -

