PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
21 August 1957

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2000 - 2030 local
GMT 21/1900Z

5. PHOTO
□ Yes
☑ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 minutes

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Observer saw a lighted object moving slowly at night near a military area being tracked by AA searchlights to and fro. The searchlights would be turned off then later turned on. The light object moved in a horizontal course. One jet was observed to take off, pass the object then turn to the airfield.

2. LOCATION
Uzundzhovo, Bulgaria

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☑ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
Foreign Military Officer

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
on orbit

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
☑ Other Draft Maj Nicht Opr
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Although difficult to check from the AZ, this appears to be a night AA-A/C tracking (simulated) training exercise of some sort. Obj was a target could have been a balloon w/a light attached; an illuminated drone A/C such as used in the U.S. lighted slave target, etc. The fact that a jet went up, passed it, & returned indicates that pilot knew what the object was.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

TURKEY

UZUNDZHOVO AIRFIELD (4158N - 2535E), BULGARIA

Air Attaché, Turkey                                   5 Sep 1957
Turkish Officer-while on trip                         21 Aug 1957
through Bulgaria

JOSEPH A. BURT, Lt Colonel, USAF                      B-2

BAR 4607

(UNCLASSIFIED) UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

1. Information in this report concerns an unidentified flying object over
UZUNDZHOVO Airfield near JAMBOL(O), Bulgaria. The information was obtained from
Major Majnuni of the Turkish Army who was driving by automobile and observed this
phenomenon at 2000 hours (local) on 21 August 1957 while driving by automobile
across Bulgaria into Turkey.

2. [Redacted] has served as Assistant Turkish Army Attaché in London for
one and a half years, and as Military Attaché in Warsaw, Poland Feb-Aug 1957.
In an artillery officer in the Turkish Army and has 20 years of service.
[Redacted] is impressed the reporting officer with his keen intelligence. He speaks
excellent English and his powers of observation and memory are far above average.

3. CONTENTS:
    a. General background.
    b. Pin point location of unidentified object.
    c. Description of observed unidentified object.

APPROVED:

[Signature]
JNO R. DANIEL
Colonel, USAF
Air Attaché

USAF: ATIC


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Air Attaché, Turkey                                IR-734-57                        3       4

hour. After two minutes of flight on a horizontal course
(by the watch) the object's light was extinguished at
which time the searchlights would be turned off. No motor
noise of any type accompanied the movement of the object.
Some could not tell what happened to the object after the
light was turned off. During the object's movement the
same altitude was maintained. There was no exhaust flame
from the object that could have been made by a conventional
or jet motor mechanism.

(4) During one of the eight observations made, a jet aircraft
took off from UZUNDZHOVO Airfield, climbed toward the moving object, passed the moving object still in a climb, came
directly around into the field traverse pattern and landed
utilizing the field's runway lights. This was the only time
during the eight observations with the searchlights that an aircraft was seen or heard flying in the area.

COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER:

4. Source stated that he had had a great deal of experience
officer with AA searchlight batteries, etc. He went on to say that he was unable to
offer any explanation for the event described in this report.

5. In future debriefings of Bulgarian escapees and legal travelers, this subject
will be given special attention in an effort to obtain further information which might
help explain this incident.

JOSEPH A. BURT
Lt Colonel, USAF
Assistant Air Attaché

[Handwritten notes on the side and bottom of the document]

[Stamp at bottom: UNCLASSIFIED]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Air Attache, Turkey                IR-734-57                 2           4

a. General Background. Between 2000-2030 hours (local) on 21 August 1957 source observed an unidentified flying object over UZUNDZHOVO airfield, Bulgaria. Observation was made while source was traveling by automobile across Bulgaria from SOFIA to EDIRNE. Source was on his way to Turkey from his previous duty station as Turkish Army Attache in Warsaw, Poland.

b. Min Point Location of Observation. Appearing on page 4 is an overlay to USAF Pilot Chart (326) EDIRNE, dated April 1953. The exact location of both the position of the source and the unidentified flying object which he observed is indicated.

c. Description of Unidentified Object. At approximately 2000 hours on 21 August source was approaching by automobile the City of HASKOVO, Bulgaria. He was traveling from SOFIA to EDIRNE, Turkey. The weather was clear but the night was very dark. Some observed to his left, lighted, moving object in the sky being traced by All searchlights. Suddenly this lighted, moving object either disappeared or its light was extinguished at which time searchlights went off. Soon thereafter, another light appeared at the same position at which the first had been observed and remained unextended above the ground at what appeared to be approximately 1/2CO-1500 feet. It remained stationary for approximately 170 or ten seconds. The object started moving on a horizontal course. The AA searchlights batched the moving object which started moving as if to confirm on a horizontal course, traveling at the same altitude for approximately two minutes and then either disappeared or its light was extinguished.

Source said that upon first observing the phenomenon he stopped his automobile and got out so that he could observe more closely. He said he checked his time very carefully and made these observations between 2000-2030. During this period he carefully repeated eight times. On each occasion the order was as follows:

(1) The UZUNDZHOVO airfield would be completely blacked out.
    No aircraft could be heard flying at altitude or in the vicinity.

(2) Suddenly a light would appear over and slightly to the side of UZUNDZHOVO airfield, its altitude appearing to be 1000-1500 feet. The light upon appearing was completely stationary. It did not illuminate the area in the sense of a flare or searchlight. Source said that the best way he could describe this light was just as though a single light bulb was turned on by the flick of the switch. The light remained stationary for five or ten seconds.

(3) After this time-ten second interval the object started moving on a horizontal course at which time AA searchlights in position could be fired on lights in position. Source would pick up the object within their own area by one searchlight and then pass it to another searchlight. Source said that there were 3-4 batteries with teams. When the object was in the searchlights' beam there was no reflection. Source said that the object was in the searchlights' beam for approximately 2-3 minutes. According to source, the light of the unidentified object could still be observed with the beam used directly upon it. The object appeared to travel at a speed of 100-150 knots per


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

CLASSIFICATION: SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Originating Agency: Air Attaché, Turkey

TR-731-57

Track of Unidentified Object
Uzundzhovo Air Field

To Sofia

Point from which
Observation was
Made

Dimitrovgrad

Khaskovo

To Edirne
Turkey

Pin Point Location of
Unidentified Object
Over Uzundzhovo
AF Bulgaria

(Overlay to USAF Postage
Chart C3222) Edirne
dtd April 1953)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DCIA DIRECTIVE 86-10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 5 -

