PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 19 August 1957
2. LOCATION: Cambria AF Station, Calif
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 20/0410Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
7. SOURCE: Military
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: rpt 1 - 2, rpt 2 - 3
9. COURSE: hovering
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Two round objects, size of dime, one white, one reddish orange, one 500 ft high the other 1 mile separate. First noticed because there are usually no lights in that area. Seemed to hover. Rose and descended slowly. Faded out after 15 minutes.

Another report of 3 similar objects which appeared to be stacked.

11. COMMENTS: Jupiter in position of sighting and near horizon. Jupiter generally appears white to reddish orange. No reports from radar or of anything unusual. Concluded this sighting was Jupiter.

12. CONCLUSIONS: [X] Was Astronomical Jupiter


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

58                                SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR JULY 27, 1957

ASTRONOMY

Saturn Visible in South

Along with Venus and Jupiter, which will be visible in the early evening, and Saturn, the August sky offers the opportunity to see the famous aurora borealis.

By JAMES STOKLEY

► ALTHOUGH SATURN is the only planet visible in August will into the evening, two others can be seen soon after the sun goes down.

Brightest is Venus, which, at a half hour and a point of August, will be in the west. Jupiter will be easy to locate, low in the west, if the sky is clear.

Jupiter, a little brighter and farther to the south, follows about half an hour later. About a seventh as bright as Jupiter, it is still more brilliant than any other star or planet. On Aug. 22 Venus passes Jupiter, and they will form a brilliant pair in the sky, separated by a distance about that of the moon's diameter.

Saturn, about a sixth as bright as Jupiter, is low in the south in the constellation Ophiuchus, the serpent-bearer, right above the star Antares, which is in Scorpius, the scorpion. Both star and planet are shown on the accompanying map. The map shows the sky as it would appear about 9:30 p.m. standard time—one hour after sunset. The appearance is similar at the same hour in August. The appearance is similar at two hours earlier as August comes to an end.

Five Bright Stars

Antares is one of five bright stars—that is, of the southern's first magnitude—visible in August evening.

The next brilliant of these is Vega, in the constellation Lyra, which will be overhead at the hours for which the map are prepared. Second brightest is Arcturus, in Bootes, the bear-driver, high in the west. Antares in its chief place.

The other two are Deneb, fourth brightest of our August stars. The fifth is not far away. It is Altair, in Aquila, the eagle, high in the south.

Altair is easy to recognize because it is the only bright star in that part of the sky below is called Aldebaran and the one above Tarazed, they are respectively, of the fourth and third magnitudes.

Low in the southwest is Scorpius, in which Antares appears. The center of the map points to the star Vega, and it is similar to old star maps, which drew the figures around the stars. A little higher, and to the left, is Sagittarius, the archer, now in the best position of the year for northern countries.

It is hard to recognize an archer in this group but one can easily find a teapot. The handle is to the left and the spout to the right, as if it hot tea were being poured on the scorpion's tail. The six stars that make the handle and the lid form a pattern sometimes called the milk dipper, perhaps because the Milky Way passes through this part of the sky.

The other two dippers, which are much better known, are in the northern sky. These are the Big Dipper, which is lower, perhaps, because the Milky Way dips lower in the west.

In the dipper's bowl, opposite the handle, are the "pointers," which show the direction to Polaris, the pole star, around which all the other stars seem to wheel once every day. This star is at the end of the Little Dipper's handle, which extends upward and to the left.

Northern Lights Glow

During this summer of 1957, if the sky is dark and you are away from the glare of city lights, there is a good chance that you may see the aurora borealis, the Northern Lights.

The aurora has various forms. Sometimes it is just a pale green arch, low in the northern sky. After remaining quiescent for a while, rays extending toward the zenith may develop. These rays, called streamers. Sometimes the rays may pulse, or beams like those from a battery of huge searchlights may appear for a few seconds at a time.

Other times the sky with its scattered rays may rise until it is nearly overhead, with the rays seeming to converge at a single point to form an auroral crown.

Or again "waves of excitement" may move rapidly upward from the northern horizon, every few seconds. Such waves light up the sky, and other forms, such as luminous draperies, as they go past. While yellow-green is the most usual color seen in the aurora, many others have been observed. The draperies are often red, while pale blues and even violets have been reported by observers.

Although auroras occur in the earth's atmosphere, at heights of 60 to 100 miles, they are about 11 years, and sunspots are most numerous. They are about now, in terms of their maximum. Magnetic disturbances, some cyclical near the poles, some positive, some negative.

These enter the earth's atmosphere, especially near the poles, where they are drawn in by the magnetic field of our planet. In some manner, not yet fully understood, the gases in the upper atmosphere are made to glow, resulting in auroras.

Auroras Reported Low

A recent report on auroras published in Great Britain suggests that they can occur as low in the atmosphere as 24 miles above the earth's surface.

Wallace B. Murray of the Geophysical Institute, College, Alaska, found this by studying the radiation emitted by atmospheric electrons.

Atmospheric ozone is the triple form of light-giving oxygen that provides a blanket protecting living things from the sun's intense ultraviolet radiation. Without this blanket, life would be burned up quickly.

Mr. Murray's measurements, made on March 26, he observed an "exceptionally large increase" along with an increase in temperature being higher. He points out in his report, which appears in Nature (July 20), that this relatively low-level occurrence might have some influence on the weather.

There is now going on, all over the

[The rest of the text is cut off at the bottom of the page]

The document also includes a star chart/map showing various constellations and star positions.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE FIELDS

MEDICINE
Cortisone-Like Drugs
Stop Childhood Killer

▶ CORTISONE-LIKE drugs are now helping the tide of birth against nephritis, the kidney disease that strikes one child in 10 of its victims.

A three-year study of the drugs on 30 children at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia has shown that the adrenal steroids can halt the progress of the disease. Wallace W. McCrory, of the hospital's research staff, Associated with him in the research has been Dr. Milton Rapport, also a pediatric and kidney specialist at the hospital.

This is the first time such a drug has been used successfully with the present therapy, Dr. McCrory said. Nephritis is an acquired degenerative disease of the kidneys which occurs mostly in children.

The cause is still unknown and treatment has been limited in the 1950's there has been little that could be done for the victims.

Now, with hormone treatment, improvement can sometimes be noticed within two weeks, although then it is still too early to tell what the future course of the disease will be, the researchers explained.

The most obvious symptoms of nephrosis are swelling and very often a tendency toward bleeding, which takes place because of abnormality in elimination.

In some cases it is necessary to keep up the steroids for a year or so to insure actual improvement, and there are cases which do not improve with the treatment.

BIOLOGY
Inbred Chickens May
Double Egg Production

▶ A CLUE to the development of chickens that might lay twice as many eggs as they now do has been found by two American poultry researchers.

Working with a strain of Rhode Island Reds, Walter Morgan and Dr. William Kubicyer of South Dakota State College, Brookings, have found that some of the high number of them have a particular genetic trait that controls the number of eggs the average hen.

Normally, as the baby hen develops in its egg, it has the potentialities for developing both the left and right ovaries and all hens are born with only one functioning side. As a result, their eggs production is probably only half of what it could be, the scientists report.

But these researchers, whose work has been inbred for 11 years, has frequently yielded a clue that a partially developed ovide on the right.

Although this has been found before in isolated cases it now appears that the persistent right ovulation may be a hereditary characteristic.

No unrelated stock has been introduced to the group during the 11 years and no selection has been made for two-sided ovulation.

The scientists believe that the further inbred and more fully develop on the right side, and thus possibly double egg production, still needs to be determined.

The scientists report their findings in Nature (July 13).

PSYCHIATRY
General Hospitals Treat
More Mental Patients

▶ MENTAL PATIENTS are being treated in increasing numbers in general hospitals, according to the American Psychiatric Association reports.

In the United States in 1954, 584 general hospitals reported 25,011 beds in psychiatric units with a total of 264,837 admissions.

These are the hospitals that admit mental patients to their treatment facilities. Before 1950, there were only two general hospitals in the United States with psychiatric units. The first was Philadelphia General Hospital began the service in 1731, and the Society of the New York Hospital followed in 1770.

From 1920 to 1940, or roughly the period between World War I and World War II, 16 units were opened. The Veterans Administration Hospitals and one in a Federal Government Public Health Service hospital.

From 1941 to 1945, period of World War II, 46 units were added, including 18 in general hospitals of the Armed Services.

At the end of World War II, therefore, there were 62 such units. By 1954, the total of general hospitals with psychiatric units, 327, of the number in 1956. Of the 584 hospitals now admitting mental patients, 213 say they put them in regular medical or surgical wards.

Many hospitals removed their mental cases, but many more beds for psychiatric patients were added. Some of the new psychiatric units were not paying their way because there were not enough patients.

The average length of stay was reported to be from 30 to 30 days. Per diem cost was from $15 to $22, majority reporting between $15 and $22.

INDUSTRY
Radioisotopes Help
Weigh Red-Hot Slag

▶ THREE BRITISH scientists have succeeded in weighing accurately 30 tons of molten slag in a steel furnace by a process using a radioactive isotope to measure the slag mass indirectly.

G. R. Church, W. C. Heelwood and G. A. Nicholson of United Steelcompanies, Ltd., of Great Britain, describe the very specific chemical and nuclear techniques they used to weigh the slag.

They have to mix completely with the molten slag in an 80-ton to 350-ton capacity open-hearth furnace, emit measurable amounts of radiation, offer no health problems and be able to get a free from other radioactive impurities.

The isotope they found was barium-140 and one of its natural decay products, lanthanum-140, both giving off electronic and gamma radiation. They mixed the slag components simply by the tape of a special run of approximately 30 tons of slag.

The isotope process had a remarkable accuracy of plus or minus one percent. Previous slag mass estimations had been carried out by chemically analyzing samples taken from the furnace, which was not able to get several pounds of slag to get data accurately.

ZOOLOGY
World's Rarest
Youngsters Doing Well

▶ THE WORLD'S rarest youngsters, whooping cranes Nos. One and Two, are now two months old, stand approximately 30 inches high and appear to be in good health, George Douglas, superintendent of Audubon Park Zoo, New Orleans, reports.

Regular telephone calls are made by the Audubon Park Commission to Washington to keep Government officials informed on the birds' health, growth and general well-being.

Nos. One and Two, who are thought to be whooping crane Nos. 29 and 30 in the world's whooping crane census, are as yet unnamed. They are the first of their kind in captivity.

Science News Letter, July 27, 1957


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case Info only

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Handwritten: Aug 1957]

2. Time of day:
[Handwritten: 11:47]
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
[No entry]

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Handwritten: Hubbard Cook] [Handwritten: M. Hess Cook] [Handwritten: Calif.]
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
[No entry for hours, minutes, or seconds]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY    NIGHT
a. Bright    d. Bright
b. Cloudy    e. Cloudy
[No checkmarks]

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)
a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember
[No checkmarks]

FORM
FTD CZ 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About like stars
d. Don't know

11. Compare brightness to some common object:
Light more easily seen than stars or horizon term

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright line
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other: Somewhat blurry

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 5 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? From direction - [partially illegible text]
[Handwritten response appears to continue but is partially obscured]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   [No]   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   [No]   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:
b. Color:

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length. If the width of known object and match stick cover the same width as the object at arm's length, then tell how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A very faint sketch of what appears to be a simple object is drawn at the bottom of the page]


- page 6 -

UFO form continued

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [No text entered]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away do you say it was?: 1500-1600 yds.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 d. East                 g. South
b. Northeast             e. Southeast            h. Southwest
c. West                  f. Northwest            i. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [No text entered]

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No        f. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses   Yes    No        g. Telescope     Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No        h. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass  Yes    No        i. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text appears to read: "any green lustre - view after & long c of left - c - lustre going off ground glow."]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]   AGE: [Redacted]   SEX: [Redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially illegible date]
[Partially illegible additional text]


- page 8 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 February 1957

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The handwritten text appears to continue but is partially illegible. The visible portion reads:]

Pilot has told me it could have been a ship's
fore, but I was recalled on seeing me it
interest to trace, and besides my ship, who there
that I could see this far inland in a ground
to say was a type of ship. Also, I never saw
a light beam. Here - any type known to me
just was a simple light. Slowly forced by. After the
of the bridge, pulled over, and just at
position driving lower I will ask Capt (last
at after about 20 minutes. This I remember
quite vividly.

[Bottom of page includes a location: Riverside, Calif. 9163]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case(Information Only) August 1957 New Jersey                                                  12.

"LUMINOUS BLUE STONE" FALLS IN N.J. AS UFOS ARE SEEN

A handful of provocative clippings from New Jersey papers described an apparent cluster of interesting UFO observations on the evening of August 1st, 1957. Reports came from Hudson County, across the river from New York City; from the Paterson area; and one from Watchung, New Jersey. We followed up on these newspaper stories, and were able to secure first-hand information from several of the eyewitnesses.

At 9:30 p.m., of Union Pike, North Bergen, was seated on his front porch, which faces south. To his left, in the direction of Manhattan, he suddenly noticed a round, yellow-orange object, slightly smaller than the full moon, which seemed to be descending slowly, straight down, on midtown New York. Two smaller objects directly above it were following it down. The objects faded rapidly and silently from sight. Without diminishing in size. The Hudson Dispatch for August 3rd said that Derrbach watched them for 30 seconds; but he told us that it was considerably less than that.

At the same time, of North Bergen, and four other teenagers, all saw an object, "bright blue and round, with fuzzy edges," overhead and somewhat to the west of them. Sparks were emitted from the sides and tail. It moved slowly from straight overhead toward the east, and then downward. Though it was going to land in the river, after five or six seconds the luminous object was lost to view behind some buildings. They did not notice the two smaller objects reported by.

In West New York, just south of North Bergen, a truck driver named and five friends saw "a cigar-shaped object, illuminated inside," three-quarters the size of a full moon, according to two smaller, round objects. Their light, he said, blinked on and off, and the objects' course was "swivering—smooth and wobbly." The observers, who were taking north, watched the object's path overhead from their left to their right, in an arc toward New York City, until they vanished into the distance. He described his cigar-shaped object with carefully truncated ends and bands of illumination, pretty clearly influenced by Adamski's photographs.

Although these witnesses all agree on one point—the objects' disappearance over New York City—we have not heard of any observations from the city.

There were reports west of Hudson County, however. A round, brilliant, fast-moving light was seen passing through the sky "about 10 p.m." by Mrs. of Riverview Avenue, Watchung, New Jersey. Mrs. speculated "that the object might have been a meteor." (Plainfield Courier-News, 8/3)

In West Paterson, 16 miles northwest of North Bergen, and 23 miles north-northeast of Watchung, several persons reported seeing a flaming blue ball of fire. Not only that, but they said it fell to the ground in a neighboring yard, and they had found the "meteorite."

At 9:30 p.m., Mrs. of 51 Mereline Avenue was sitting in the side yard of her neighbors, Mrs. Both of them saw, to the south, a flaming blue object coming out of the sky at a sharp angle toward the earth, traveling in a general southwest-to-northeast direction. They were certain they saw it plunge down through the trees into the yard on the other side of the Atomized home. Less than a hundred feet away, they heard no noise, however. Afraid to approach the part of the yard into which they thought the object had fallen, they called Mr. from the house and he, together with Mrs., a 13-year-old son Thomas, made a search of the yard. A few minutes later, under some trees, they found the object of their search—a four-pound stone about 3" x 1" x 5", embedded slightly in the ground. It was in a part of the yard where such a large rock should not have been. Reddish-grey in color, it was generally smooth-surfaced.


- page 11 -

7775TH AIRCRAFT CONTROL AND WARNING SQUADRON
United States Air Force
Cambria Air Force Station
Cambria, California

21 August 1957

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Reports (UFOB)

TO:   Commander
       Air Defense Command
       Ent Air Force Base
       Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. The following UFOB reports are submitted to your head-
quarters in accordance with par 7a. (2)a. of AFR 200-2, dated
12 August 1957.

2. The format used below is in compliance with par 7d. of
AFR 200-2. Report number one (1) is as listed below:

a. Description of the object(s):
   (1) Shape: Round
   (2) Size compared to a known object held in the hand
       at about arm's length: Dime
   (3) Color: One white, One reddish orange
   (4) Number: Two (2)
   (5) Formation, if more than one: One 500 ft. high
        One (1) mile separation
   (6) Any discernible features or details: None
   (7) Tail, Trail or Exhaust, including size of same
       compared to size of object: None
   (8) Sound, if heard, describe sound: None
   (9) Other pertinent or unusual features: None

b. Description of course of object(s):
   (1) What first called the attention of observer to
       the object? Usually no lights in that area


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

except for some abrasions and some dried red mud in the hollows. One end showed a
broken surface, dark blue-grey in color. Mr. [redacted] saw it in the beam of his
flashlight, and both he and Tom thought it had a bluish "glow," or shine to it.
It was still warm to the touch. (Tom added that it had been a hot day, evidently
not too certain that this was unnatural.) It had a peculiar, smokey odor.

Peeling fairly convinced that this rock was indeed what the women had seen
plunge from the sky, presumably a meteorite, they called the Paterson Call and re-
lated their story. Several other persons confirmed the report. The women who lived
in the direction of his home in West Paterson, Billy Poglio, a boy living just to
the north of the Antomecis, told them that he too had seen the fireball land in
their yard.

On Friday, September 13th, we went out to [redacted] and interviewed the [redacted]
and were carefully cordial and helpful to us in our inquiry. They went carefully over
the rock, which at this time showed no trace of luminescence or odor. They very
kindly turned it over to us with our promise that we would take it to the Hayden
Planetarium for examination, although we had to tell them that the rock looked to
us extremely unlike a true meteorite, and we did not anticipate a positive verdict.

On Monday, September 16th, Mr. [redacted] head of the Mineralogy Depart-
ment at the Museum of Natural History, took one look at it and shook his head. He
classified it, at first glance, as a chunk of typical basaltic ("traprock") found
in abundance throughout the Paterson area, and remote from any meteoritic mineral.

But we know from Fort that "non-meteoric" rocks also fall from the sky. Was
this perhaps such a case? The stone was examined by witnesses who examined the stone,
not inclined to think so. It is a thoroughly ordinary specimen of local rock, and
its surfaces and dried mud seem to show unistakably that it had been knocked
about on the ground for some time before its discovery. It would appear that the
rock is an impostor, and that the [redacted] witnesses are in error. Strange as this
is an error that's a very easy to make time after time, witnesses of a fireball
meteor will report that the object has landed "in the next field" when it is actu-
ally scores of miles away—sometimes over a hundred.

What then may we deduce from the "sauce" reports that evening? Since the time
was the same, it is reasonable to assume that all the witnesses saw the same pheno-
menon. On comparing their testimony, it appears that a brilliant object, obviously
a large meteor rather than a UFO, entered the atmosphere somewhere over western New
Jersey, moving east northeast at a sharp angle toward the earth. Although from
New York it appeared to plunge to earth less than a hundred feet away, it must actu-
ally have been high enough so that its downward trajectory took it to the east of
New York City, since Hudson county witnesses saw it fall straight down over Manhat-
tan.


- page 13 -

No Case (Information Only)                3 August 1957
                                                    Denville, New Jersey

MORRIS COUNTY RESIDENTS SEE SEARCHLIGHTS—AND SOMETHING ELSE

August 3, 1957: (The two observers involved in the following report have requested that their names and employer be kept anonymous. This information is included in CSI's record of the report. The details were secured through a member of the North Jersey UFO Group. They are friends of the witnesses.)

Two company guards, WS & JM, at a plant in Denville, New Jersey, were on duty about 10 p.m. when WS, in charge of the night watch, received a telephone call asking whether his company was responsible for something being seen in the sky. WS looked outside the guard shack and saw that about eight powerful searchlights were playing on the cloudy sky. He and JM watched the unusual pattern of the searchlights for a short time, then JM continued on his rounds.

About two minutes later, WS shouted to JM: he had just seen a "strange object"—not due to searchlights—pass overhead. Both men watched for several minutes. To rearrest, suddenly they saw an object, or pair of objects, coming into view from a northwesterly direction. It consisted of two flattened disc-shaped bodies which were slowly each other in perfect alignment, as if they were rigidly connected, although no "connecting rod" could be seen. They appeared to be "about the size of basketballs" (distance unspecified) and were amber in color—bright enough for the witnesses to be positive of the shape.

The light appeared to come from the underparts. Although no "rim" could be seen, the objects on the edges were very hard and solid bodies. Although whirling about each other, the pair moved in a straight, smooth trajectory, they vanished into the distance in the southeast after being in view about 20 seconds. No noise had been heard. The guards said there were planes in the area before and after flying.

On August 5th, the Morristown Daily Record and Newark Evening News reported numerous accounts of "flying saucers" and "strange lights" throughout Morris County on the night of August 3rd. Sight "alarmed" callers contacted Dover police between 9:30 and 10 p.m.; they said the lights appeared to be moving about the Morristown area. One Dover resident said he saw three "flying saucers" over that area. Calls were received by police in Morristown and by Morristown State Troopers from persons who had been "alarmed by the light in the sky." Ten calls were received by police in Livingston, between 9:30 and 10 p.m., and other calls were made by Lake Telemark residents in Rockaway Township.

The papers explained that the callers had all been fooled by searchlights playing on low-hanging clouds, operated by the Pine Brook Auction on Route 46, which was celebrating its tenth anniversary. While many calls undoubtedly were attributable to these searchlights, it is clear from this report that there were unidentified searchlights present that night in the sky over Morris County.


- page 14 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   6 August 1957
                                                           Old Greenwich, Connecticut

                        A HOPPING UFO OVER OLD GREENWICH, CONN.

August 6, 1957: Mrs. [redacted] of Old Greenwich, Connecticut, was standing on her
front porch, which faces south and overlooking Long Island Sound, it was 9:26
p.m.; no trace of daylight was left in the sky. Her attention was caught by
the sudden appearance of a large oval object in the sky due south of her. It
was approximately 25 degrees from the horizon. Although elliptical in shape,
the object was roughly rectangular to the full moon in angular size. The color
was luminous yellow and it was about as brilliant as the headlight of a car a
block away. The edges of the object were sharp and clearly defined.

Mrs. [redacted] had barely noticed this object when she saw it suddenly execute
a series of most unusual hops to the rest, a maneuver which she described as
"scaling". She says, "Like a 'hop', but 'leaps'." It disappeared in
the southwest as suddenly as it had appeared. It had not faded from view or
grown appreciably smaller as it moved away, and she thought it must have entered a nearby cloud. Layer by layer, it vanished.

Her impression was that the object was small and nearly, rather than
large and distant; however, if it did disappear into the clouds, it was evidently larger and farther away than it appeared to her.

The editors are indebted to Mrs. [redacted] of Old Greenwich, who
referred Mrs. [redacted]'s report to CSI.


- page 15 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   7 August 1957
Nevada

Atom Test Rocks
Nevada Desert
Long-Postponed Explosion
Dashes Blimp to Ground

ATOMIC TEST SITE, Nev., Aug. 7 -/P)- Atomic
scientists unleashed the fury of an atomic explosion high
over the Nevada desert today with a bright orange flash
and a stunning shock wave.
    The blast-much postponed-
was detonated at 5:25 a.m.
(PST) at 10 miles ESE of
Yucca Flat.
    The blast of a CNT-primed and
unarmored Navy blimp from its
mooring in Las Vegas was the
blimp's first disaster to the ground
and was viewed from nearby areas.

THE EXPLOSION was detonated from a pre-located, buried
shot, code-named Stokes, was
open to newsmen and military.
They viewed the explosion from
News, 10 miles from
ground zero. The shock wave
shook the newsmen and some 500
military personnel who gathered
in Las Vegas, Nev., some 80
miles to the southeast, the glow
of the bomb's fireball lit up the
pre-dawn sky for miles around.
    It was visible for 10 seconds.
    Today's shot-12th in the current test series-came just one
day after the 12th anniversary of
the 1945 bombing of Hiroshima.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

HQAG5
DR RJEDEN RJDWF
DR AJEPHA 165
FM HQ USAF WASH DC
TO RJEDEN-COMDR 1064TH AISS ENT AFS COLO
INFO RJEDEN-COMDR ENT AFB COLO
RJEDWF/COMDR ATIC WPAFS OHIO

UNCLAS AFLG-R 46 JULY 1957 AND AFR 26 CA ME:SAGE DISPATCHED ALL
21 COMMANDS THIS DATE. ATCH SEBU, 1 JULY 1957, ESTABLISHES INTERIM
PROCEDURE FOR INVESTIGATIONS, RECOGNIZING ECONOMY OF UTILIZING
PERSONNEL MARCH-JUNE OF CURRENT ACTION TO PERFORM PRELIMINARY
INVESTIGATION: COORDINATE ANY REQUIREMENTS FOR TECHNICAL FOLLOW-UP
WITH ATIC.
ET
1741562 AUG RJEFHQ

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 17 -

MEMORANDUM FOR OFFICE OF SCIENTIFIC ADVISOR

SUBJECT: Information Regarding 1006th (4602nd) AISS Current Limitations for Conducting Investigations.

1. The following, regarding subject matter, is submitted for your information or whatever action deemed necessary:

a. This division was informed telephonically by the 1006th AISS (Formerly 4602nd), Hqs. Air Defense Command on 31 July 1957 that it can only conduct limited investigations, if any, with respect to 170 sightings.

b. Reason for this limitation is that there are no current expenditures available, nor allotted, for this purpose.

c. Concurrence was made regarding our viewpoints, and, in particular, any suggested course of action for those incidents which this Center has requested formal investigations and detailed reports.

2. With respect to par. 1c above, that organization was informally advised:

a. That this Center has no official notice of this matter.

b. That the matter should be brought to the attention of their parent organization, as the Central Intelligence Agency nor their authority to recommend expenditure policies for that organization.

c. That until informed otherwise (officially) this Center shall continue to impose requirements upon that organization for investigations and other support, per AFR 200-2.

[Signed]
GEORGE J. GREGORY
Capt., USAF
UFO Project Officer

The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page, and is dated 1 August 1957.


- page 18 -

WPH024 WPD025 YDD172 EN50 97T

RR RJEDWP RJEPHQ

DE RJEDEN 36
R 10173SZ

TO COMADC ENT AFB COLO
TO RJEPHO/COFS USAF WASH DC
INFO RJEDWP/GCMDR ATIC WPAFB OHIO

BT

/UNCLAS: FROM ADODI-B 104. FOR AFCIN. REFERENCE AFR 200-2 REGARDING
UFOB REPORTING.. REQUEST ADC BE RELIEVED OF INVESTIGATIVE RESPONSIBILI-
TIES CONTAINED IN REFERENCED REGULATION. WHEN THE 4602DN AISS WAS
DISCONTINUED 1 JUL 57, THIS COMMAND LOST ITS CAPABILITY TO CONDUCT
SUBJECT INVESTIGATIONS. FURTHER REQUEST ADC BE DELETED AS ADDRESSEE ON
UFOB REPORT ORIGINATING OUTSIDE ADC, AND CONAD ATTN: COC BE SUBSTITUTED FOR ADC AS ADDRESSEE ON ELECTRICAL MESSAGES, SINCE CONAD
IS RESPINSIBLE FOR DETERMINING AIR DEFENSE WARNING.

BT

10/URYZ JUL RJEDEN


- page 19 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

USE FOR APPROVAL, DISAPPROVALS,
CONCURRENCE, OR SIMILAR ACTIONS

1. NAME OR TITLE: Dr. [redacted]

ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: AFOIN-164

2. [Partially redacted routing information]

3. [Partially redacted routing information]

4. [Partially redacted routing information]

Handwritten notes:
"Background material for
Incident Sighting and York
station started."

"Call Green
have him write up matter
Stone knows Turn-" [partially illegible]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED PER EO. 12958

FROM NAME OR TITLE: Capt. G. T. Gregory
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: AFOIN-164

DATE: 1 Aug 57
TELEPHONE: 69216

DD FORM 95 [bottom of document]

The document is an official military memo routing slip, mostly redacted, dated 1 August 1957, related to an incident sighting, with handwritten notes and marked as UNCLASSIFIED.


- page 20 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

[Top of form has several blacked out/illegible sections]

Date: 12/7/57

Text body:
1. The attached may be self explanatory.
2. The concurrence of being sent to
USAF-wide Intelligence unit is to
units we observe.
3. Believe the matter should be taken
up with higher levels as a matter
of policy again etc. The center cannot
resort to the old system of how
many as 50% J.R. please check
and verify etc. as per ADS days
15 JUL 1957

Bottom of form:
UNCLASSIFIED

DD FORM 95
[Stamp and signature sections partially obscured]


- page 21 -

This appears to be a map with various locations marked. The text I can read includes:

DEL E KLEIN AFB
HAMILTON AFB
MATHER AFB
NORTON AFB
GEORGE AFB
MARCH AFB
STEWARD ALLEN AFB

The map seems to show various Air Force Base locations, with grid lines and black boundary outlines. Some text is partially illegible due to the image quality.


- page 22 -

775th ACWRON Squadron, Subj: UFOB Reports (Cont'd)

(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth (direction) of object when first sighted: 5° above level from observers

(3) Angle of elevation and azimuth (direction) of object when last observed: 5° below eye level

(4) Description of flight path and/or maneuver of object: Seemingly hovering, nose and described slowly.

(5) Manner of disappearance of object: Faded out

(6) Length of time in sight: 15 minutes

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground-visual
(2) Statement as to optical aids: None
(3) N/A

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group: 20/0410Z 0410-82010
(2) Light conditions (Night, day dawn, dusk): Night

e. Location of observer, Exact latitude, or reference to a known landmark: 35°55' N 121°05' W at Cambria AF Station

f. Identifying information of all observers:
(1) [Redacted], S/Sgt - 775TH ACWRON - Crew Chief
(2) [Redacted], S/Sgt - 775TH ACWRON - Asst Crew Chief
(3) [Redacted], A/2c - 775TH ACWRON - Radar Operator
(4) [Redacted], A/2c - 775TH ACWRON - Radar Operator
(5) [Redacted], A/2c - 775TH ACWRON - Radar Operator

(a) All observers are considered very reliable.

g. Weather and winds aloft - Conditions at the time and place of sightings:
(1) Observer's account of weather conditions: Very Clear

2


- page 23 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                                   12 August 1957
                                                                                       Reading, Massachusetts

Source: Flying Saucers: May 58

[The rest of the text in the newspaper clipping is too blurry/low contrast to reliably OCR. The bottom of the clipping shows:]

Gregory A. Miner
10 Fairview Street
Reading, Mass.


- page 24 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   14 August 1957
                                                                                      New York City, New York

DOG AND OTHERS OBSERVE HUMMING OBJECT MANEUVER OVER FOREST HILLS

August 14, 1957: New York News columnist Charles McHarry printed the following account of an observation made by a friend of his in Forest Hills (Queens):

    "On Aug. 14 at 2:30 a.m., newspaper truck Dick Engler took his boxer dog Esther out for her customary bedtime walk. Outside, the dog stopped, growled, and refused to go any further. Engler took her back in the house and returned to the street. Then he was aware of an insistent humming noise. In the sky, in a southerly direction, he saw an object that took to be a falling star, falling toward the earth on a 15-degree slant. This object stopped, remained motionless for about 10 seconds, then took off toward the east on a horizontal course. After 30 seconds, it stopped again, once more hanging motionless, and then shot straight up. After five seconds of upward flight, it again paused, then veered east once more. Finally shooting out a sight. The humming sound was loudest during the horizontal flight."

McHarry asked whether any reader could confirm this sighting. Nine days later he was able to print a confirmatory report from Joseph Abanto, Al Maltone and Carl Thomas, ambulance drivers for Kings County Hospital. They were having cigarettes outside the hospital at 2:37 a.m., when they beheld an object "exactly like the one Engler saw." A man in Jackson Heights had heard "a powerful, deep humming noise", and a woman in East Northport had been awakened by a sound which "sounded as would be heard when a string on a musical instrument is plucked" which "sounded as though it was right over the house." At midnight, a Queens couple had seen a UFO which "made a sound like the hum of a bee." -- New York Daily News, Aug. 20 and 29.


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

HEADQUARTERS
FOURTH AIR FORCE
HAMILTON AIR FORCE BASE, CALIF.

DAYLIGHT

Administrative Officer
HEADQUARTERS USAF, WASH. D.C.

August 27, 1957

Hq. P. M. Co.
P. O. Box 1624
Norton AFB
San Bernardino, California

Gentlemen:

Reference is made to your letter of 16 August 1957 requesting information relative to a report of a flying object observed at Cambria Air Force Station on 16 August.

In compliance with your request, we are releasing one copy of spot intelligence report, plus details on findings investigation have to date.

Also we would like to know if the cause of the crash has been revealed, and if any fatal message was transmitted by Lt. Holley. Holley either just before or after 2200, Williams' bailout. Further, 1st Lt. William Gilchrist statement was longer than in the news story enclosed. Can you also check the present whereabouts of Borge Williams?

Due to the unfortunate mysterious aura built up around this case, we will appreciate your help in clarifying this.

Thank you for your cooperation.

Sincerely yours,

Donald E. Keyhoe
Director of NICAP


- page 26 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

1. Incident

1 & 2 w/c
Added 1 incl
2. F-89 Act Adj Summary,
15 Aug 57

Some text in the first two paragraphs is partially illegible due to the poor scan quality. The document appears to be a military report with sections numbered 1 and 2, but the full details are not clearly readable.


- page 27 -

FROM: OFFICE OF ELECTRONIC INTELLIGENCE
1607TH AIR TRANSPORT WING (M)
MILITARY DISTRICT, WING
DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DEL.
15 AUGUST 1957

In R-700 "Shooting" JG 14 aircraft was lost, on a Saturday afternoon in the vicinity of Dover, Del.

The plane radio operator, S/Sgt John J. Benz, 27, of Chestertown, Maryland, was ordered to bail out by the pilot shortly after takeoff from Dover, at 1120 a.m. (EDT). Sgt Williams was picked up by Cape May police near that city. The Coast Guard is conducting a search of the surrounding area. Sgt Williams was unable to give any reason for the bailout at the time. He is in the Busted Tunnel Hospital in Cape May suffering from a broken leg, shock, and possible internal injuries.

No radio distress calls were heard from the afternoon, being transferred by the 1797 Powering Squadron at Dover. The plane had fuel enough to fly until 2:48 p.m. (EDT).

Missing is the pilot 1st Lt. Robert R. Kelley, also 27, of Elkton, Ala. Lt. Kelley is single and residing at the Bachelor Officers' Quarters at Dover AFB. His parents are Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] of Waterville, Ala. He has been stationed at Dover AFB for 2 and 1/2 months.

4


- page 28 -

HEADQUARTERS
ATLANTIC AIR DIVISION (ADC)
AIR DEFENSE COMMAND (ADC)
DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DELAWARE
16 August 1957

An intensive land and sea search for a missing Dover Air Force Base plane and its pilot wound today throughout the Delaware Bay area, although hampered by poor visibility during the early morning hours.

The plane, an F-84 interceptor, was reported missing shortly after take off from Dover AFB on a ferry-type mission to McGuire AFB, Atlantic. The radio operator, S/Sgt John Williams, 27, of Catonsville, Maryland, ejected from the aircraft and parachuted to the ground near Cape May, New Jersey.

The plane's pilot, 1/Lt Robert E. Holley, also 27, of Elmore, Alabama, is still missing.

The intensive search by Coast Guard ships and planes, the Navy, Air Force and Civil Air Patrol is being concentrated along the western shore of southern New Jersey, although the entire bay area is being combed. Some debris believed to have come from the missing aircraft was discovered late Thursday afternoon about midway between Cape May, New Jersey, and Cape Henlopen, Delaware, at the mouth of the Delaware Bay.

However, it is believed that this debris first cut of the plane when Sgt. Williams ejected and drifted with the tide to the point of discovery.

The normal procedure for jet takeoffs at Dover calls for a climb to Cape Bay with a left turn back over Dover AFB before proceeding on course, thus, the concentration of the search in the area south and slightly west of Cape May.

The search is being controlled by the 24 Coast Guard District from control points at Cape May and New York.


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICE OF THE DISTRICT INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE BASE, MAXWELL
27 August 1957 ACS, MCXAR

Hope for finding Dover AFB's aide the pilot after ditching late yesterday evening when the Coast Guard found more debris indicating that the twin-engine B-99 jet interceptor had crashed into the Eastern section of Delaware Bay.

Shortly after takeoff last Thursday Lt. Robert E. Halsey, 27, of Elmore, Ala., gave the order to his pilot operator, S/Sgt John Williams, also 27, of Chestertown, Md., to eject.

Sgt. Williams parachuted to safety, landing near Cape May, N.J. After a hard landing which fractured his left leg, he was dragged by his chute for a short distance from which he suffered multiple contusions and abrasions. Today, he is resting comfortably at the Ft. Dix, N.J. Hospital. Doctors described his condition as satisfactory.

Coast Guard officials from the 3rd CG District, N.Y., have discontinued the air search. The Coast Guard presently has 3-24 ft. and 1-40 ft. surface craft conducting search and grappling operations concentrating in the Delaware Bay area near Cape May.

Yesterday, Civil Air Patrol planes from Delaware and New Jersey covered all the land areas bordering the Delaware Bay before ceasing operations at sundown.


- page 30 -

FROM: CHIEF OF INFORMATION SERVICES
1607TH AIR INTELLIGENCE SQUADRON
HAMILTON AIR FORCE BASE, CALIF.
DOVER AFB PROJECT NO. 3257
17 August 1957

The Coast Guard called off the search, this morning, for the missing Dover AFB jet pilot, 1st Lt. Robert W. Hallet, who was missing in his T-33 jet interceptor.

During the search today, the Coast Guard definitely worked which leaves no doubt that the pilot and his aircraft tumbled into the Delevan Bay area adjacent to Cape May, New Jersey.

The following items have been found to which point boarding it:
Holley's name, a Radio Facility Chart for T-33, R-39 parts manual, and the plane's canopy.

Navy skin divers are expected to be recommissioned to dive into the area in a final effort to determine the exact location of the plane and its pilot.


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

22 August 1957, 1300

The ground crew was making some repairs when the is believed
to have passed in a southerly direction.

New Jersey, was interviewed.

No trace of lot Lt. _____ was found.

Job information was found during the medical and
Civil Air Patrol visits. However, clothing was found floating
in Falcon Bay, California; the pilot survived the accident.

The plane's radio operator, age 27, of Cincinnati,
Maryland, failed out of the aircraft and was landed near Cape May.

Sgt Williams' condition was described as satisfactory by the medical staff
at the Fort Six Hospital.

The aircraft had departed Keesler AFB shortly before noon on a ferrying
mission to Merrill AFB, Ala. The plane was noted missing shortly after
takeoff.


- page 32 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

12 NOV 1957
AFCIS-F/L/G Matheson/bay/5625

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF FLIGHT SAFETY RESEARCH

SUBJECT: Request for Information on F-89 Aircraft Accident - 
15 August 1957

1. Reference memorandum from this office, dated 10 October 1957, 
subject as above.

2. Request this office be furnished the information as requested.

1 Incl
Memo, abv subj,
dtd 10 Oct 57
1/2 Incls (cg)

CHARLES B. WERLE
Colonel, U. S. Air Force
Chief, Flight Safety Division
Directorate of Inspection Services
The Inspector General

(11-314)
FSR


- page 33 -

775th AC&W Squadron, Subj: UFOB Reports (Cont'd)

(2) Report from nearest A.S or US Weather Bureau:
Wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at:

Surface VAR/10                 20,000' VAR/15
6,000' VAR/16                  30,000' 195/55
10,000' VAR/16                 50,000' 195/95

(3) Ceiling. None

(4) Visibility. Unlimited

(5) Amount of cloud cover. None

(6) Thunderstorms in area. None

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, etc. None

i. Interception or identification action taken (For ADDC or ADCC) None

j. Location of any air traffic in the area at the time of sighting. None

k. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer, including his analysis. 1st Lt Boornly - Senior Planner - Flares or helicopters. NOT FOR 12-MIN.

l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs. None

3. Report number two (2) is as listed below.

a. Description of the object:
(1) Shape. Round

(2) Size compared to a known object held in the hand at about arm's length. Pea

(3) Color. Red-Orange

(4) Number. Three

(5) Formation, if more than one. Stacked

(6) Any discernible features or details. steady by flickering.

3


- page 34 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

AFCRC-3

SUBJECT: Report of Sighting of UFO Observed
           Cambria Air Force Station, Calif.

TO:     The Director Gen'l, USAF
        ATTN: Director of Intelligence Service

Requested information under your office to November 1957. If not
received, duplicate copies will be forwarded upon request.

1 Incl
w/f

The bottom of the page is marked with a page number "2" but most of the text in the lower portion of the document is illegible due to poor image quality.


- page 35 -

Much of the text on this document is illegible due to poor image quality and faded/blurred text. The only clearly readable text at the bottom of the page is "filed 1-2".


- page 36 -

Unfortunately, most of the text on this page is too faint or blurry to be reliably read through OCR. Only a few fragments of text are partially visible, but they are not clear enough to confidently transcribe. The document appears to be a black and white scanned page with significant image degradation.


- page 37 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Letterhead/Header - partially legible]

FROM: Headquarters USAF, Washington 25, D.C.

TO: Commander, USAF, Washington 25, D.C.

Forward for action as deemed appropriate.

5/2/56
n/c

Page number "3" is visible at the bottom of the document.

Some text in the header and body is illegible due to poor image quality and fading.


- page 38 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top of document, partially legible]
Washington 25, D. C.

1. Basic covering
Investigations Conditions
Information and reply direct

2. It will be expended
information copy of your
civilian in, case in re

FOR THE COMMAND:

3 Incls:
n/c

Some text appears to be illegible or cut off due to image quality or document margins.


- page 39 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[LETTERHEAD WITH AIR FORCE SHIELD]

GTS                                                                26 SEPT 57

SUBJECT: Report of Sighting of Unidentified Flying Object

TO: Commanding General
    Air Research and Development Command
    ATTN: RDQR
    Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. Enclosed is a letter from Capt. [illegible text] of the 4th Air Force Trans Sqdn, trans-mitting a report of a sighting of an unidentified flying object by a B-50 Squadron crew member at 15 degrees 19 minutes North, 144 degrees 41 minutes East, on 19 September 1957, copy attached.

2. Also enclosed are copies of the Office of Information Services clearance on the crash, as requested in the attached.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

3 Deals
1. Ltr 2/Incl 1 Gen on Subj
   Dated 27 Aug 57
2. Cy 19 19 Sep 57
3. Msgs Enclosed (2)

PAUL E. COINER
1st Lt., USAF
Asst Adjutant

INCL 20


- page 40 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

UNITED COLLEGE FILED TO ACTIVITY OFFICER TO
SAY WHAT THEY DESIRE WITH THE TO MAKE OUT.

AIR FORCE INTELLIGENCE WING SHEET, WILLIAMS, 
RADIO COMMUNICATIONS SECTION, DEPT OF NO
GROUNDS ON WHICH MADE DIFFICULTY WITH UNIT
THE OTHER CASE.

AS FAR AS I KNOW, WILLIAMS WAS CONCERNED,
EVERYTHING WAS RUNNING SMOOTHLY WHEN HE SUDDENLY
WAS COMMANDED TO BAIL OUT.

FURTHERMORE, THIS SPORTSMAN SAID, SENT,
WILLIAMS DID NOT SEE THE PLANE CRASH, NOR WERE ANY
DISTRESS CALLS HEARD

THE MYSTERY WAS FURTHER DETAILED BY THE DISAP-
PEARANCE OF THE FIGHTER AND ITS PILOT, 1ST LIEUT.
ROBERT B. HOLLEY, ALSO 27, OF LENORE, ALA.

THE OFFICIALS SAID THE PILOT OBTAINED THE RADIO-
MAN TO BAIL OUT SHORTLY AFTER BAKING OFF FROM DOVER
AIR ROUTE TO MAXWELL FIELD, ALA.

ALERT, WILLIAMS WAS INJURED WHEN HE HIT THE BEACH,
RECEIVING A BROKEN ARM AND MULTIPLE ABRASIONS, AND
WAS RUSHED TO BUTTERSO SMITH MEMORIAL HOSPITAL.


- page 41 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

10 OCT 1957

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF FLIGHT SAFETY RESEARCH

SUBJECT: Request for Information on F-89 Aircraft Accident - 15 August 1957

1. Your attention is invited to the enclosed correspondence.

2. Request this office be furnished releasable information necessary to prepare a suitable reply to the letter, Enclosure 1, from the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena.

2 Incls
1. Ltr fr National
   Investigations
   Committee, 27 Aug

2. Ltr fr 1607th
   Air Transport Wg
   (H) (MATS), subj:
   Request for Info
   on Acft Acdt, dtd
   20 Sep 57, w/1st Ind
   & 2nd Ind

CHARLES B. WINKLE
Colonel, U. S. Air Force
Chief, Flight Safety Division
Directorate of Inspection Services
The Inspector General

DIK 752
-10 23


- page 42 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Keyhoe                                                                16 Aug 1957

SAFIS-3/Maj Tucker/jmd/5554/11 Dec 57

12 December 1957

Dear Major Keyhoe:

Your letter of 27 August 1957 addressed to the Senior Public Information Officer at Dover Air Force Base, Dover, Delaware, concerning information related to the crash of an F-89F "Scorpion" aircraft near Cape May, New Jersey, on 16 August 1957 has been referred to this Headquarters. The delay in answering your letter was occasioned by the necessary referral and research to answer your questions.

Press Releases are included as attachments to this letter. Information in the press releases answer your inquiries. Further, the following information relating to this aircraft accident has been taken from official records.

On the morning of 16 August 1957, First Lieutenant Robert E. Bolley, U. S. Air Force, and pilot and Staff Sergeant John G. Williams, U. S. Air Force, as radar-observer, in the F-89F aircraft departed Dover Air Force Base, Dover, Delaware, on a routine training flight with headquarters at Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama. After their departure and during the climb to approximately 20,000 feet, they experienced some difficulties were encountering. This pilot apparently had difficulty in maintaining altitude. The aircraft was losing altitude and the pilot felt that flight conditions could not be maintained. Using emergency procedures, the pilot elected to eject the aircraft. The pilot successfully remained with the aircraft. The radar-observer, Staff Sergeant Williams, was observed descending in his parachute by personnel on the ground and was immediately rescued. Later, parts of the aircraft wreckage was located in the water off Cape May, New Jersey. Further, only a few tangible components of the aircraft were recovered during the intensive dredging operations.

In the future I would suggest you direct letters to this office for reply.

Sincerely,
LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division

Enclosures
4/4

Major Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC (Ret)
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

cc: Col Byerley, AFCIS, Rm 5D 161


- page 43 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

Major Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC (Ret)
National Investigations Committee
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W.
Washington 6, D. C.

Dear Major Keyhoe:

Your letter of 27 August 1957 addressed to the Senior Public Information Officer at Dover Air Force Base, Dover, Delaware, concerning information related to the crash of an F-89J aircraft near Cape May, New Jersey, on 16 August 1957, has been referred to this Headquarters.

Press releases and information relating to this letter, information in the press releases, answers to your inquiries, further, the following information relating to this aircraft accident has been taken from official records.

On the morning of 16 August 1957, First Lieutenant Robert E. Holley, U. S. Air Force, as pilot and Staff Sergeant John C. Williams, U. S. Air Force, as radar-observer, in the F-89J aircraft operated from Dover Air Force Base, Dover, Delaware, on a routine training flight with destination as Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama. After their departure and during the climb to assigned altitude, unexpected turbulent weather conditions were encountered. The pilot apparently had difficulty in maintaining complete flight control of the aircraft. When it became doubtful whether safe flight conditions could be maintained, using good judgment, the pilot ordered the radar-observer to abandon the aircraft. The pilot apparently remained with the aircraft. This emergency flight condition arose soon after takeoff. The radar-observer, Staff Sergeant Williams, was observed descending by parachute by personnel on the ground and was immediately rescued. Later, parts of the aircraft wreckage was located in the waters of Cape May, New Jersey. Further, only a few tangible components of the aircraft were recovered during, intensive searching operations.

[Signature]
1 Incl
Press Releases


- page 44 -

775th AC&W Squadron, Subj: UFO3 Reports (Cont'd)

(7) Tail, Trail or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object. -none-

(8) Sound. If heard, describe sound. -None-

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features. -None-

b. Description of course of object:
(1) What first called the attention of observer to the object. Same as on previous report

(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth (direction) of object when first sighted. 400 from station, 300 elevation

(3) Angle of elevation and azimuth (direction) of object when last observed. Same as (2) except lower

(4) Description of flight path and/or maneuver of object. Gradual fall, or slow descent

(5) Manner of disappearance of object. Faded out

(6) Length of time in sight. 15 minutes

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground-visual

(2) Statement as to optical aid. Binoculars for aid only.

(3) N/A

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group: 20/0052 0405-8 =2000-

(2) Light conditions (Night, day, dawn, dusk). Night

e. Location of observer. Exact latitude and longitude, or reference to a known landmark. 775th AC&W Squadron, Cambria AFS, Cambria, California

f. Identifying information of all observers:
(1) Alex C. Smith, A/2C - 775TH AC&W, Radar Operator

(2) Alan L. Bebout, A/2C - 775TH AC&W, Radar Operator

4


- page 45 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Wrtn: 22 Nov 57
Closed
AFCIS-F/Col Winkle/bap/56525
& 
L/C Matheson

Major Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC (Ret)
National Investigations Committee
on Aerial Phenomena
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W.
Washington 6, D. C.

Dear Major Keyhoes:

Your letter of 27 August 1957 addressed to the Senior Public Information Officer at Dover Air Force Base, Dover, Delaware, concerning information related to the crash of an F-89-S "Scorpion" aircraft near Cape May, New Jersey, on 16 August 1957, has been referred to this Headquarters.

Press releases, as you requested, are forwarded as attachments to this letter. Information in the press release, answers in part, your inquiries. Publicity, the following information relating to this aircraft incident has been taken from official records.

On the early morning of 16 August 1957, First Lieutenant Robert W. Nally, U.S. Air Force, and Captain John G. Williams, U.S. Air Force, were piloting an F-89-S aircraft operated by Dover Air Force Base, Dover, Delaware, on a routine training flight with destination as Miami, Air Force Base, Torts, Florida. After taking off and during the climb to assigned altitude, unexpected turbulent weather conditions were encountered. The pilot, apparently had difficulty in maintaining complete control of the aircraft.

M/R: The original letter from Major Keyhoe of the NICAP was received in this headquarters from Military Air Transport Service addressed to the Inspector General, Hqs USAF. Material as requested by Major Keyhoe was obtained from the Director of Flight Safety Research. Since this request from news release media, the action is being transferred to SAFIS for dispatch. This action is in accordance with telephone conversation between Major Tucker and L/C Matheson of this office.

WKM

1 Incl
Press Releases
AFCIS-F   Col Winkle
           L/C Matheson
           L/C Wright
           L/C MacGregor

[Stamped/signed markings at bottom right]


- page 46 -

WRECK: 3 12 Nov 57
SUSP:    21 Nov 57

13 NOV 1957
AFCIS-F/L/G Matheson/bep/56525

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF FLIGHT SAFETY RESEARCH
SUBJECT: Request for Information on F-89 Aircraft Accident - 
15 August 1957

1. Reference memorandum from this office, dated 10 October 1957, 
subject as above.

2. Request this office be furnished the information as requested.

1 Incl
Memo, sbw subj,
w/a 10 Oct 57,
w/2 Incls {cy}

CHARLES G. WINKLE
Colonel, U. S. Air Force
Chief, Flight Safety Division
Directorate of Inspection Services
The Inspector General

DISTRIBUTION:
RECORD- CIG-2A
C/O of Sig
Exec, AFCIS

AFCIS
L/C Matheson
L/C Wright
L/C MacGregor


- page 47 -

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF FLIGHT SAFETY RESEARCH

SUBJECT: Request for Information on F-89 Aircraft Accident - 15 August 1957

1. Your attention is invited to the enclosed correspondence.

2. Request this office be furnished releasable information necessary to prepare a similar reply to the letter, Inclosure 1, from the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena.

2 Incls:
1. Itr fr National
Investigations
Committee, 27 Aug
57, w/1 Incl
2. Ltr fc 16074
Air Transport Wg
(B) (MATS), subj:
Request for info
on act Acct, dtd
20 Sep 57, w/1st
& 2nd Incl

CHARLES L. WINTER
Colonel, U. S. Air Force
Chief, Flight Safety Division
Directorate of Inspection Services
The Inspector General

APCIS-F
L/C Matheson
L/C Wright
L/C MacGregor

Record-BIG-2A
Ofc of Big
Exec-OIA-4


- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                   20 August 1957
                                                             Crosby, Minnesota

DESCENT DELAYED 15-7
Sun's Rays Send
Balloon Upward

CROSBY, Minn., Aug. 20 — Warmth from the
rising sun sent the huge helium-filled Air Force balloon
and its doctor-pilot back upward to the 100,000 foot mark
early today, temporarily delaying a descent planned to
start at 7:30 a. m.

An Air Force flight evaluation
team stationed in Minneapolis
said new calculations were being
made to determine the precise
time where Maj. David G. Simons would land the balloon and
its sealed instrument laden gondola.

Maj. Simons reached an estimated 100,000 feet, about 12
miles, yesterday in his first 2
hours aloft, spending a night
suspended in the stratosphere.

Dr. Simons served at Wright
Patterson Air Force base here
as a research physiologist assigned to the aerospace medical
section of the Aerospace Medical Division, Air Force Wright
Air Development Center.

At 9:00 a. m., the balloon of
Maj. Simons, MA, was over the
point of Crosby, Minn., launching
point. Indications were the balloon would continue to rise as
the sun's warmth increased.

Maj. Simons reported the balloon dropped several thousand
feet early today in turbulence
created by a heavy thunder and
lightning storm at 50,000 feet.
Above Simons, at about 80,000
feet, Maj. Simons regained
altitude by dampening ballast.

Simons described the storm to
ground trackers as "a wave of
severe" and spectacular to watch
from above.

The pilot said he catnappped a
few hours sleep, spending most

AF Doctor Down Safely
After Trip Into Space
ELLENDALE, N. D., Aug. 20 — Fatigued but happy, an
Air Force doctor-pilot ended 32 hours of exploration in
the stratosphere today when he brought his gondola of his huge plastic
balloon gently to earth near here, setting a new record for what would be a balloon record.

Dr. David G. Simons, 34, was immediately picked up by
helicopter and flown 120 miles to the Fargo, N. D., airport,
where he shaved for the first time in 48 hours.

He used two electric razors for the job.

For John T. Stapp, rocket sled
expert and an Air Force colleague, said Simons' condition was
excellent except for the fatigue.

He said the next step in the
"man high" project he directs
would be to fashion a gondola
capable of carrying a crew of
men.

Before getting on a plane for
his trip to Minneapolis, Simons
stepped into a telephone booth to
call his wife at Alamogordo,
New Mexico.

In another gondola, he
commented as he went into
the booth done.

As Simons stepped from the
balloon gondola, he was asked
his most exciting experience.

He replied: "I've been up, up, up
in daytime, and then it got darker
at night," he said.

Simons ordered to stay close
at 83,000 a.m. (CDT) today, finally
bringing his balloon down on the
edge of Elm.

The hero is Dr. the Newest
Daredevil of the Skies, who rode
a gondola suspended from a huge
balloon which carried him to a
record 102,000 feet.

Radar trackers estimated the
balloon hit the record 102,000 foot
level over Wahpeton, N. D., early
today. Confirmation will await a

BALLOON RISES FROM IRON MINE PIT
Doctor-Pilot Says Heavens Indescribable.—A.P.


- page 49 -

20 - 31 AUGUST 1957 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                        OBSERVER    EVALUATION

-20     Warner Robbins AFB, Georgia     [Redacted]  Other (INCONSISTENT DATA)
-20     Helena, Montana                 [Redacted]  Aircraft
-20     Bulgaria                        [Redacted]  Other (MILITARY OPR)
-21     Niagra Falls AFB, New York      [Redacted]  Other
-21     Atlantic Ocean                  [Redacted]  Astro (VENUS & JUPITER)
-21     Beverly, Massachusetts           [Redacted]  Insufficient Data
-21     Centerville, Ohio               [Redacted]  Astro (VENUS & JUPITER)
-21     Colorado Springs, Colorado       [Redacted]  Astro (VENUS & JUPITER)
-21     Pueblo, Colorado                [Redacted]  Aircraft
-21     Santa Monica, California        [Redacted]  Astro (VENUS & JUPITER)
-22     Hollywood, Van Nuys, California [Redacted]  Aircraft
-22     Bedford, Canton, Ohio           [Redacted]  Astro (VENUS & JUPITER)
-22     Black Smethport, Pennsylvania   [Redacted]  Aircraft
-22     Cecil Field NAS, Florida        [Redacted]  Aircraft (HELO)
-22     Kingston, Pennsylvania           [Redacted]  Astro (VENUS & JUPITER)
-22     Philadelphia, Pennsylvania      [Redacted]  Insufficient Data
-22     Dyton, Ohio                     [Redacted]  Astro (VENUS & JUPITER)
-22-23  Cambria AFS, California         Mil1 (VIS & RADAR)
                                                    1. Astro (VENUS & JUPITER)
                                                    2. Anomalous Propagation
-23     Camden, New Jersey              [Redacted]  Balloon
-23     Olean, New York                 [Redacted]  Balloon
-23     Bel Air, Maryland               [Redacted]  Astro (AURORA)
-24     Farmington, Illinois            [Redacted]  Insufficient Data
-27     NMB Boston, Massachusetts       [Redacted]  Balloon
-27     Dry Tortugas, Caribbean         [Redacted]  1. Vis: Astro (VENUS)
                                                    2. Rad: Other (SPURIOUS RETURNS)
-27     Annandale-on-Hudson, New York   [Redacted]  Balloon
-27     Oklahoma City, Oklahoma         [Redacted]  Balloon
-27     Eglin AFB, Florida              [Redacted]  Balloon
-29-30  Wichita, Kansas                 [Redacted]  Insufficient Data
-30     Paso Robles, California         [Redacted]  Other (UNRELABLE RPT)
-30     NE of Dayton, Ohio              [Redacted]  Aircraft
-31     Palm Springs, California        [Redacted]  Astro (OCCULTATION SATURN)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                        SOURCE      EVALUATION

Aug
-20     Universe                        Science News Ltr
-20     Rio De Janeiro, Brazil          Newsclipping
-21     Los Angeles, California         Newsclipping
-22     Whistler, California            Newsclipping
-24     Minas Geraes, Brazil            Newsclipping
-30     Victoria, Brazil                Newsclipping


- page 50 -

775th ACW Squadron, Subj: UFOB Reports (Cont'd)

(3)                A/20 - 775TH ACWRON, Radar Operator
(4)                A/20 - 775TH ACWRON, Radar Operator

(a) All of the above listed personnel are very reliable

B. Weather and winds aloft - conditions at the time and place of sighting:

(1) Observer's account of weather conditions. Very Clear

(2) Report from nearest AWS or US weather bureau: Wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at:
6,000' 125/10                    20,000' VAR/10
10,000' VAR/10                   30,000' 215/20
16,000' VAR/10                   50,000' 185/25

(3) Ceiling. None

(4) Visibility. Unlimited

(5) Amount of cloud cover. None

(5) Thunderstorms in area. None

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, etc. Cont in area, initially different position

i. Interception or identification action taken. Details Echo diverted from CAP. Fighters could not close on objects. I.D. as one meteor and star, fighters returned to CAP.

j. Location of any air traffic in the area at the time of sighting. None

k. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer, including his analysis. The meteor was not in the area of objects. Observers noted both meteor and objects.

l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs. None

5


- page 51 -

775th ACW Squadron, Subj: UFO3 Reports (Cont'd)

4. Due to the non-availability of the proper forms, (AF Form 112 and 112A), the reports as listed in par 1 and 2 above are forwarded to your headquarters in the manner.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature of an individual]
1st Lt
Adjutant

ADDDI-B                                                                   28 AUG 1957
Headquarters, Air Defense Command, Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

TO: Commanding, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: AFOTN-4L1
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

[Handwritten note: Rjh]


- page 52 -

Science News Letter for July 27, 1957

SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS

[A star chart showing various constellations including Pegasus, Aquila, Hercules, Virgo, Pisces, Sagittarius, and others]

[Celestial Time Table for August]

AUG. EST
4 - 4:20 p.m.    Moon in first quarter
4 - 4:20 p.m.    Moon passes Saturn
10 - 8:08 a.m.   Full moon
12 - early a.m.  Meteors visible radiating from
                 constellation of Perseus
18 - 11:16 a.m. Moon in last quarter
25 - 6:32 a.m.   New moon
31 - 8:16 p.m.   Moon passes Venus
    10:03 p.m.   Moon passes Saturn

Science News Letter, July 27, 1957

[The text describes this as the greatest continuous effort ever attempted to learn more about the earth and its environment, related to the International Geophysical Year and satellite programs.]


- page 53 -

Science News Letter for July 27, 1957

the Week

Purina Dog Chow were injected directly
into the stomach. The amount was always
more than the puppies ate the day before.
The stomach was filled until food ran out
the second feeding from the pan.
At the beginning of the experiment, it
was not possible to fill the stomach, but
after 6 days about 50 grams was injected
before the stomach was filled.

TECHNOLOGY
Mirror Landing System
Designed to Save Lives
See Front Cover

• ONE "MEATBALL" is all U. S. Navy
pilots will want aircraft carriers,
knowing the "meatball" is, in the
right place.

The "meatball" is the key to the Navy's
mirror landing system. Evolved during a
nine-year period and incorporating developments made by the British who first used
the system, it will become standard operating gear on all Navy carriers.
The system permits a pilot to land incidents by more than one-third and save
a greater number of pilots, approximately $20,000,000 annually.
The lifesaving mirror system, developed
at the Navy's Glenn L. Martin Co., Patuxent River, Md., works like this:

A curved mirror about four feet by four


- page 54 -

