PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
8 December 1957

2. LOCATION
Tiflet-Monor, Morocco

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 08/1715Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2-5 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
NNE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object or light, length equal to diameter of moon, color yellow to orange, edges well defined.

11. COMMENTS
From the limited information given no firm conclusion can be made other than it appears to be that the planet Venus and a jet afterburner exhaust were seen.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon: No
Probably Balloon: No
Was Aircraft: No
Probably Aircraft: No
Was Astronomical (Venus): Yes
Probably Astronomical: No
Other: CONTRAILS
Insufficient Data for Evaluation: Unknown


- page 1 -

Analysis made for Navy Dept
Rept 1-58, dtd 2 Dec 1957
IR-50380-58 (See attached through copy)
629

1. Light was sighted from a moving platform, i.e. automobile. Tests conducted some years ago, simulating similar conditions where the eye attempts to stay fixed on a track object, in the sky show that any given estimate, bearing, or elevation is often unreliable. This is particularly true when roads are hilly, or other than perfectly straight and flat. The object will almost invariably appear to move and change elevation.

2. Light was observed for 15 Minutes.

3. Observer describes UFO as a "light" in portions of the report, and as an "object" in others.

4. It is significant to point out that the planet Venus was in the SSW (the position determined after the car stopped and the bearing of the light taken). This body was so brilliant during December that comment was made by both the press and scientific papers (see incl.).

5. Jet contrails will often give weird, or unusual appearances at sunset or dawn when the low, slant rays of the sun strike them. As shown from numerous similar reports the predominant colors are yellow, red or orange-red.
(See attached sheet)


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

INFORMATION REPORT
OFFICE OF NAVAL INTELLIGENCE

8 December 1957
FROM: Fleet Intelligence Center, Eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean
SUBJECT: Unidentified Light Sighting of

OPNAV FORM 3880-3 (REV. 6-53)

SOURCE: Personal Observation

DATE OF REPORT: 9 December 1957
EVALUATION: A-1
REQUEST NO.

Encl: (1) Overlay indicating geographic positions
       (2) Sketches of Light and its movement (Figures 1-3)

Summary: For approximately 15 minutes on 8 December 1957, reporting officer observed a large bright light in the sky over Morocco. The light's behavior and appearance did not conform to that expected of the usual airborne objects.

Basic Data Involved in the Sighting:
Time: Between 17152 and 17302, 8 December 1957. Time of Sunset - 1716Z
Place: Morocco, between Tiflet and Monod. See Encl. (1) for details of position.
Position of Light: Approximately 20 Degrees above the horizon to the SW of observer

Description of the Light: Its length appeared to be equal to the diameter of the moon or the length of an R5D at 1½ miles. The color was yellow to orange; color and intensity were uniform over the area of the light. The edges of the shape were well defined, but not as definite as those of a metal object. Figure (1) is a sketch of the light's shape during the first part of the observation.

Narrative Description of Sighting: While riding in an automobile at approximately 17152 on 8 December, reporting officer sighted a bright light in the sky to the SW. It first gave the impression of being sunlight reflected from a jet vapor trail; as if a jet had just entered a control level. It appeared to be on a NNS course and gradually descending because its thicker end was pointed in the direction and slightly downward. While watching this light for from 2 to 5 minutes, it was noted that it did not develop as a vapor trail should. Its intensity appeared to increase, but its length relative to its width remained constant. Reporting officer called the attention of his wife and daughter, age 11, had already been watching it.

[The rest of the document includes a distribution list with various organizations and departments]


- page 3 -

6. Report does not indicate whether the observer, using intelligence facilities available to him as a Fleet Intelligence Officer, made checks or queries of aircraft, radar or other military operations units to determine if aircraft or missile were in the area. These investigation can be better conducted in the area of origin than from the XI.

7. Object was not a meteor or a returning satellite as implied. The time duration of 15 minutes rules these out. Meteors are seldom seen for longer than 6-9 seconds; the earth entry velocity of the satellite would be between 18-20,000 MPS.

CONCLUSIONS: From the limited information given, and lack of investigative data, no firm conclusions can be made regarding the identity of the light, other than that it appears that the planet Venus and a jet afterburner contrail were separately seen, and mistaken for a single phenomenon. This was probably due to the fact that the observations were intermittent, and changes in the objects' bearing resulting from the travel of the car.


- page 4 -

INFORMATION REPORT

CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED
FROM: Fleet Intelligence Center, Eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean, Navy #214
REPORT NO: 1-58
DATE: 9 December 57

After another minute or two, the light descended rapidly towards the earth, describing an arc an in Fla. (2). This movement was very rapid and definite. The thicker end of light was pointing straight down and while the light could be observed, it dropped approximately 10 degrees or half of the distance to the horizon. All observers were convinced at this time that the light was either a meteorite or a running Soviet satellite. At this point, a row of trees blocked the view for approximately 30 seconds.

When the view was again clear, the light had regained its former altitude, was in a horizontal position, and appeared to be heading in the opposite direction, in that its thicker and was now pointed SSW. However the car was now stopped and it was possible to determine the bearing of the light from the observers. Its bearing did not change, but the light decreased in intensity, became slimmer and gradually faded from view. This gave the impression of movement straight away from the observers. However, the lights disappearance may well have been due to lack of reflected sunlight as the "object" entered the earth's shadow. Time of disappearance was approximately 1730Z.

Weather Conditions: Fleet Weather Central, Port Lyautey, has provided the following information on weather conditions between 081715Z and 081730Z for the vicinity of Rabat, the approximate area of sighting:

Temperature: 62°F
Sky condition: Clear
Visibility: Unrestricted
Wind: Northerly 10 knots

Temperature Inversions: About 14°C at 1200 feet
(Above temperature inversion considered insignificant for optical illusions)

1000 ft...... 360° Skts
10000 ft..... 100 2
20000 ft..... 120 35
30000 ft..... 140 50
40000 ft..... 145 36
50000 ft..... 240 18
60000 ft..... 275 9 knots

Source Information: LTJG _____ is currently attached to the Fleet Air Intelligence Augmenting Unit and has had over two years experience as an Air Intelligence Officer.

Preparing Officer's Comments: The fact that such sightings are usually due to natural phenomena is well established. However, since the reporting officer is now qualified to determine the cause of the phenomenon observed, this report has been prepared in the hope that it may be of some use to those engaged in analyzing unidentified object reports.

Prepared: [Redacted signature]
LTJG     USNR

Forwarded: [Signature of CAPT USN]

page 2


- page 5 -

INFORMATION REPORT

CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

FROM: Fleet Intelligence Center, ELM, Navy 214
REPORT NO: 1-58
DATE: 9 December 1957

[The rest of the text is part of a map/chart showing locations in Morocco such as:
- Fort Lyautey
- Rabat
- Monod
- Tiflet
- Casablanca

With annotations like:
- Apparent heading of light (Before descent-NNE, After descent-SSW)
- Direction of light from observers
- B - position of initial sighting
- A - position of final sighting

Bottom note: Encl (1)
Overlay of WAC Chart 420

Page number: 3]


- page 6 -

INFORMATION REPORT

CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

FROM: Fleet Intelligence Center, ELM, Navy 214

REPORT NO: 1-58

DATE: 9 December 1957

Encl (2)

Figure 1. Shape of light and its orientation before descent.

Figure 2. Arc described by light's descent.

Figure 3. Shape of light and its orientation while fading from view.

4 [page number]


- page 7 -

