PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
31 May 1957

3. DATEFINDING GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
B.No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Stationary

2. LOCATION
Terre Haute, Indiana

GMT
01/02/02

Ground-Radar Air-Visual Air-Intercept Radar

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object. Shape of quarter moon, size of basketball, color light orange. No movement, thunder storms in area, disappeared at once.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other:
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Moon in direction rptd and setting coincident with disappearance of object.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Information Only
Source: CSI Bulletin # 20, 25 July 1957

11 May 1957
Cape Cod, Mass.

AIR FORCE ARMADA CHASES, MISSES, BOGIES OVER ATLANTIC

May 11, 1957: Several of our members who are with local GOC posts volunteered the following information, independently from both Brooklyn and Manhattan posts:

In the early morning hours of Saturday, May 11, a jet scramble involving a large number of military planes took place. Our Manhattan informant first reported that the planes were headed in the general direction of New England, but he had no further information at that time. A few weeks later, however, he was advised by official personnel that two jet squadrons (about 16 planes to each squadron) had been dispatched - one from Stewart AFB in Newburgh, N.Y. and the other from a base on Cape Cod (presumably Otis AFB) - to investigate radar observations, by coastal radar patrol planes and picket boats, of three bogies heading inland south of Cape Cod on a southwesterly course. No contact with the unknowns was made by the jets, and radar lost track of the objects at about the same time the jets arrived on the scene.


- page 2 -

No Case (Information Only)                    13 May 1957
                                                        Birmingham, England

Source:   UFO Investigator July-August 1960

On May 13, 1957, two ungrounded UFOs were seen by telescope at Birmingham, England, the report is recently sent in by P.W. Warneeke, a NICAP member.

At about 9:45 p.m., I was in the garden with my telescope, scanning. It was a member of the British Astronomical Association, I suddenly looked up and saw two objects, roughly in colour, moving one after the other. They were very bright, the larger end was pointed and the smaller end was caught up with the first.

They were very surprised, the larger end was pointed and the smaller end was caught up with the first.

They then started swirling a vapour trail and disappeared in the brighter sky in the west. They were viewed for approximately 10 seconds. Through the telescope (using 20x eye piece) they were seen as two bright objects, very close together.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

along slowly, making this racket. It was metallic, like the metal of a silver dollar, and the estimated it to be six or seven feet across. She assumed it was flat, but wasn't actually sure whether it was flat or round. She said it had a stem, or pipe, sticking out of the top of it about three feet high, which seemed to have holes in it from the top to the bottom. 'When it got some 20 feet away from being directly above, it stopped motion and the noise ceased. After a few moments, it proceeded in the same direction it had headed originally, but the noise did not resume - it was completely quiet.

"The woman's impression was that the object moved about 150 or 200 feet and into some pine trees on a little rise. That night she and her husband we:t up and looked in the wooded area where she thought she saw the object fall, but they found nothing. It doesn't seem to me that anything actually fell, but whatever it was probably moved rapidly away at low altitude, and she received an erroneous impression of the object's falling. According to the neighbors, with whom I talked, the two of them continued their search the next day. It's a rural community. Finding nothing, and seeing nothing in the newspapers, the husband called one of the local newspapers Wednesday night. No other reports had been received. He was most reluctant, according to the paper, to give out information under those circumstances, but he and his wife agreed to let the paper publish their story anonymously. Later, the reporter called me (after he had investigated and determined for himself that they were sincere), and I went down and talked to them. We found nothing and we found no other people in the area who had seen or heard the device.

"I'm inclined to think the woman saw something quite unusual. She is about 35 years of age, and has had a high school education. Furthermore, she is familiar with jet aircraft, since their landing pattern passes over the area."

The page is numbered 17 in the top right corner.


- page 4 -

Information Only
Control: CSI Bulletin # 30, 25 July 57

21 May 1957
Knoxville, Tenn.

CLATTERING UFO MAKES REPAIRS

May 21, 1957: This report came in a letter from CSI member Jim McAshan, of Knoxville, Tennessee.

"A lady living some ten miles from Knoxville ran into something that shook her up considerably. I talked to her several days after the incident. It occurred on Tuesday, May 21, and she didn't tell her husband about it until that night, when he got home. The sighting was at 4:40 p.m. She reported seeing an oval or round object, coming from a southeasterly direction and going northwest. When first noticed, the object was making a noise like a runaway power mower. She said it wasn't too high - just above tree-top level, and it seemed to bounce


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Ridgefield, Ill. On May 22 or 23, 1952, at 2:15 a.m., Herbert Andrews, of 
1020 State Road, Caldwell, was watching a late television 
program, having returned to his rooms shortly before, from his job at the 
advertis-wright propellor plant in Caldwell. Mr. Andrews resided in a 
second story front apartment. At 2:15 he heard a roar, or explosion, 
and thinking it was a firecracker, he looked out the front window, which 
overlooks Crane Street and Hillside Avenue, which joins it directly in 
front of the house. On the right-hand far corner of the intersection 
before him, Mr. Andrews saw what he thought at first was a red flare, burst 
on the ground, making a splintering noise, and changing in color from red 
to yellow.

The material burned violently and continued to give off colors "for a 
couple of hours." The next afternoon, at about 3 p.m., he went out to the 
area, and placed up stakes off the still-warm material. It had fallen on and near a concrete curbing, which divides the asphalt 
street from the grassy ground. The unknown material had burned a hole in 
the concrete itself, and became partially embedded in the curb, partly in 
the ground. While the places had scattered about slightly, none was widely 
scattered. All of the material was within a radius of less than a foot.

In craters or cracks, apparently no one clearly saw its material, or heard or saw its violent appearance the night before, Mr. Andrews 
dug up the material in hunks.

They appear as a very classy, pock-marked with tiny holes, and in 
one place bearing an indentation as if the material had formed around a 
smooth pipe or round dowel. Many places of what appears to be copper, as 
well as a granular or marble-like substance, were scattered throughout the 
darker material, which is surprisingly light in weight. In addition, there 
are also several small globs of the copper-like material, formed separately 
from the other stuff. All of the object appears of a transparent, brass-like, 
and the material appears to have melted and solidified, not all at once, as 
some "solidizing" is in evidence. It hardened with a generally shiny and 
smooth surface, says for the tiny bubbles and places of the strong. 
Several of the places appear to have broken off from each other, leaving a 
jagged surface. The material is quite hard.

It was found about 35 feet from the corner. No one was seen or heard 
in the area by Mr. Andrews when or after the material appeared. No chil-
dren. No one strolling nearby. No cars or trucks or other vehicles were 
moving in the area. This is strictly a residential zone, with no business 
establishments nearby; certainly no activity at 2 o'clock in the morning.
The street is not a through highway; merely a residential street. Hillside 
Avenue ends at Crane Street.

Above them, there are normal house service electric cables, but no heavy-
duty or high voltage wires. A pole is situated at the corner, roughly 30 
feet away. No transformers are on this or nearby poles. Mr. Andrews says 
he knows of no work being done on the wires as he came of the incident or 
immediately before or after. There were no wires down, and there was no 
indication of heavy truck or work being done.

No heavy trucking or construction was in process in the neighborhood.
There were no reports of lanes, unusual flying objects, or strange aerial 
activity of any sort in the area at the time of this report. No reports were 
noted in the CUFOS bulletin this period.

NOTE: PLEASE CONSIDER THIS INFORMATION AS CONFIDENTIAL. Address any 
questions not to Mr. Andrews, but to NICAP, Wertheim, New Jersey, U.S.A. 
(UFO Group, P. O. Box 606, Morristown, New Jersey, U.S.A.

Information taken from Mr. Andrews on 9 February 1958.


- page 6 -

Information Only
Source: CSI Bulletin # 38, 25 July 57

24 May 1957
Cincinnati, Ohio

AERIAL BALLET OVER CINCINNATI

May 24, 1957:*The following first-hand account is sent to us by our friend and colleague Ian Stinchcomb, of Cincinnati:

"I had injured my finger earlier that day, so my wife, Dell, was driving our car to the home of friends who live in Mariemont, in eastern Cincinnati, at about 7:45 p.m.; the sun was low on the horizon. I spotted first, to the northwest, numerous vapor trails; they were in no kind of parallel patterns (as usually seen in conventional flight) but were crisscrossing, looping and forming S-curves. They were all in the same quadrant of the sky - apparently in some kind of maneuver. Dell and I remarked to one another on how beautiful the trails were with the setting sun reflecting crimson on them. Just as we reached Settle Road, where our friends live, I saw clearly a silvery, spherical object in the center of the trails. Although I was in a moving car, to me the object appeared stationary, while at the same time I could also see the jets - I counted four - which were moving. The jets left trails of vapor, while the object left no visible exhaust. Two of the jets were heading toward the silvery object as though it were the target, but then they got near, the object shot away to the northwest. Its speed was almost double that of the jets, although I cannot say if the latter were at full throttle. When we got to our friends' home, I could still see partial vapor trails in the sky, but nothing else."

"Next morning at work I learned that others had seen the 'dogfight.' George Wright, of our Sales Department, came down to my office voluntarily to describe what he had seen. He described the UFO as bigger than the jets, looking like 'polished aluminum,' disc-shaped and without any protruding parts. He explained that he could distinguish the jets easily, and said he believed he counted six. He added that most of the show was too confusing to relate, but clearly remembered one occasion when the jets closed in and the UFO receded or maneuvered in such a way that it eluded them easily. Wright also described another maneuver: the UFO was stationary and when jets closed in in pairs, it shot away to the west, leaving the jets far behind; when other jets approached to 'intercept,' the other end, the object reversed its course. Wright was certain that it was a direct, horizontal reversal - no loop, or hairpin turn. The UFO then disappeared."

"Both Wright and I guessed that the performance took place at about 25,000 feet. We agreed that the apparent size of the object was larger than the jets, perhaps twice as large. On the same morning that I got Wright's report I phoned the Air Filter Center in Columbus; they took my report, but denied any UFO activity the evening before."


- page 7 -

Information Only
Conwat CSI Bulletin # 20, 25 July 1957                                29 May 1957
                                                                      Washington, N. J.

                        GREEN FIREBALL OVER WESTERN JERSEY

May 29, 1957: In Washington, New Jersey, CSI member Julia Meaker had taken her dog
out into the backyard of her home when she saw a brilliant green fireball pass
overhead. The time, 11:10 p.m. Suddenly becoming aware of a bright light that
illuminated the landscape, Miss Meaker looked toward the north northwest and
saw, about 65째 above the northern horizon, an intensely brilliant green fire-
ball which moved rapidly south southeast in a smooth trajectory across the ze-
nith. The singular measurement of the fireball was slightly less than that of
the full moon. The brilliant green of the main body was surrounded with "spar-
kles" of white and green about the edges. It was entirely circular except for
a very slight dragging protuberance at the rear. Trailing behind the fireball
were more of the green and white "sparkles." Miss Meaker writes: "After an
instant of viewing, a band about one half the width of the intensely bright
green disk seemed to encircle the fireball. This band was a bright red-purple.
I believe that this red-purple ring was an illusion due to eye-fatigue. It was
clearly the complementary color to the burning-copper-salts green of the body
proper. The brilliance of the fireball's light would account for the ring's
appearing so quickly after I first saw the object." The fireball crossed the
zenith and was about 40 degrees from the southern horizon when it suddenly ex-
ploded, silently. "At the instant of explosion, it was in shape like a rain-
drop when it strikes the ground: a distinct center with very small fine par-
ticles surrounding it. For an instant (perhaps as long as a second) after this,
a shower of green and white sparkles hung in the air where the fireball had
been." It had been in view for no more than six seconds. Miss Meaker's lucid
description of the phenomenon clearly points out the typical characteristics of
the green fireball type of UFO. We are indebted to her for an unusually care-
ful and detailed report.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

ITEM VII. A. 12,000 OVERCAST RAIN AND LIGHTNING
B. SURFACE SOUTH EAST NINE KNOTS
6,000 240/20
10,000 270/15
15,000 260/20
20,000 260/25
30,000 290/30
50,000 270/25
65,000 NOT AVAILABLE

C. 12,000 OVERCAST
D. TWELVE MILES
E. OVERCAST
F. THUNDER STORM OVER TERRE HAUTE

ITEM VIII. NONE
ITEM IX. A. NONE
ITEM X. A. NONE
ITEM XI. A. SERN INTELL OFFICER CNN POSSIBLE LIGHTNING REFLECTION
BT
13/1517Z JUN RJEDFIL

[Remainder of document contains communication routing information]

COMDR 752ND ACW SO ROCKVILLE AF STA IND
TO RJEDN/COMDR AIR DEF COMMAND HQ COLORADO SPRINGS COL
INFO RJEDFIL/COMDR 58TH AIR DIV DEF MPAFB OHIO
RJEDFIL/COMDR AIR TECH INTELLIGENCE CENTER MPAFB OHIO
ACPI/DIRECTOR INTELLIGENCE HEADQUARTERS USAF WASH D C


- page 9 -

UNCLASSIFIED 385 PD SUBJECT CLN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT PD
IN ACCORDANCE WITH AIR FORCE REGULATION 206-2 CKN DATED 12 AUGUST
1954 CKN THE FOLLOWING IS SUBMITTED CLN

ITEM I.
A. QUARTER MOON
B. BASKETBALL
C. LIGHT ORANGE
D. ONE
E. NOT APPLICABLE

ITEM II.
A. JUST HAPPENED TO LOOK UP
B. NORTH WEST VERY HIGH
C. NORTH WEST VERY HIGH
D. NO MOVEMENT
E. DISAPPEARED AT ONCE
F. FIVE MINUTES

ITEM III.
A. GROUND VISUAL
B. NONE
C. NOT APPLICABLE

ITEM IV.
A. 21-24CZ
B. NIGHT

ITEM V. A. CK-3030
[Remainder of text is blacked out]
ROUTE CKN INDIANA
A. NOT APPLICABLE


- page 10 -

Information Only
Concel CSI Bulletin # 10, 25 July 57                                                1 May 1957
                                                                                    Greenwich, Conn.

May 1, 1957: In Greenwich, Connecticut, the wife of a commercial artist went outdoors to look for the comet. To the northwest she saw a streak of very bright white light, straight "like a neon tube." She watched it for about 60 seconds, then went indoors to look for her husband, telling him "This is the brightest comet you ever saw!" When they both went outdoors, no more than a minute and a half later, the white streak was gone; but he saw a streak of blue light, arc-shaped, moving very fast from north to east. It left a streak of blue light, which faded slowly; the observer is emphatic, however, that the fading streak remained in diffusion as the case with a jet trail. This case has not yet been followed up completely, but CSI hopes to obtain more details. CSI member Paul Morris brought the case to the attention of the Research Section.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Information Only
Source: American Meteor Society, No. 1962, No.13

Huntington, Del.
May 14, 1957

FIREBALL OF 1957 MAY 1/2
A.M.S. No. 2372

On this date a bright fireball was seen at 10:01 pm, EST, and reported from St. Wilminton, Del., Sq. Greenville, NC, and Sq. Patterson, W. Va. It happened that 3 three reports were quite complete, the observer being in order P. L. Tighe in near T. E. Eaton a professor at East Carolina College, and D. McNeill an active member of the A.M.S. SI reported it as 1/2 in diameter, brilliant white in color, with a 5째 orange-yellow tail, duration of flight 2 seconds. SI reported a large fireball, color bluish-white and hazy, duration 2 seconds. The way described "a long" meteor diameter 1.5째, so reported magnitude as -2.5, color predominant green. The trail was drawn in Scorpio. The local conditions were, scale 1 mm = 1째 in latitude, and convergence of the ecliptic, rising and subwind points could be determined.

[The rest of the text continues but is partially cut off at the right margin]

The document appears to be a scientific report about a fireball observation from May 1/2, 1957, with detailed astronomical observations and measurements.


- page 12 -

Information Only
GNCGC: CSI Bulletin # 10, 25 July 57                                                   14 May 1957
                                                                                        Hamilton, Ohio

May 1, 2, 1957: Hamilton, Ohio residents report nocturnal meandering lights on two
successive evenings. - Hamilton Journal, 5/3.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Information Only
Connect: USN Bulletin #50, 25 July 1957                                                   7 May 1957
                                                                                           Mount Vernon, N. Y.

CIGAR OVER MOUNT VERNON

May 7, 1957: Arthur Quillen had just left his Elm Street home in Mount Vernon, New York, on his way to work. The time was about 8:40 p.m. Glancing up he saw in the southern sky, just below the full moon, an enormous "cigar wrapped in silver." Horizontally inclined, its length was several times as large as the diameter of the moon. As he stood and watched, he saw the object make "funny motions": it moved backward and forward by about one-quarter its own length. He was quite certain about this motion, since he had the moon above the object and the planet Jupiter beneath it as reference points. He watched the object for about five minutes before resuming his walk to work. He momentarily lost sight of the object behind a willow trees; when he had passed them, he found that the object was no longer in view. Arriving at work, Mr. Quillen immediately told CSI member Frank Bordes, who advised the Research Section of the report.

It was on this night that the "mystery jet(s)" buzzed Manhattan. A careful check of the GOC records at the Manhattan and Brooklyn posts failed to disclose any reports of "unknowns" over the city on that night. So far as we know there is no connection between the two incidents.


- page 14 -

No Case (Information Only)                                7 May 1957
Brooklyn, New York

A.F. COULDN'T FIND IT                                                8 May 1957

Strange Jet Over Gotham
Proves to Be Navy Plane

NEW YORK, May 8 -(/P)- The ports of jet flights kept pouring Manhattan mystery of unidentified jet aircraft over Manhattan turned out today to be a case of intercession confusion.

A Navy plane from a Brooklyn photographic mission for an hour last night, an Air Force fighter-interceptor searched for an hour and a half, but couldn't find who was making the noise. Scores of residents telephoned police for and reported seeing several hours that jets were both circling overhead. The Navy pilot was returning to McGuire Air Force base near Ft. Dix, N. J.

The control center of the 26th Continental Air Defense division sent out orders for a fighter-interceptor to leave McGuire Air Force base near Ft. Dix, N. J.

A spokesman at the Air Defense Command at Roslyn on Long Island said today the command had checked over Manhattan airports with jet aircraft within "a reasonable distance" of New York and found that none had a jet plane in the air.

The McGuire plane returned to Manhattan, searched again over a wide area, but again reported sighting no strange plane. The pilot got final orders at 12:15 a. m. to head home.


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Mailito, 722 Endsroft St., New Orleans
3, La.

From: SATELLITE 1 June 1957

NARRATION MYSTERY

Starting about 10:00 P.M. officials in the city were swamped with reports of low-flying "jets" rattling windows and causing "disturbances". The extensive air defense network swung into action, but was unable to locate the "jets". One party with light clearance, and another with top secret clearance, was called in.

At 11:00 P.M. Sgt. Blips appeared on 13. Continued "emergency" scrambling. Sgt. Blips sent out. At 11:15 am. another unit was sent out from Kessler AFB. The pilot searched the sky and found nothing. Then, as was returning to base, the police was ordered back to the scene as more reports came in. Again, no sightings. The area was surrounding (partly) by military installations. At 12:45, officials at Air Defense Command, Adv. Hqs. stated that a complete check had been made and, the job was cut off at that time. The "whatever they were", apparently seen in a clear pattern around Manhattan, had ended. The sightings, as-intermittently lasted nearly three hours.


- page 16 -

