Here is the text from the UFO Index Card:

1. DATE
17 Sep 57

2. LOCATION
Kansas City, Mo.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
18/0908 Sep 57

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
2 No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Three to five minutes

6. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
N to S to ENE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One round white object, moving rapidly across the sky from north to south. Object was seen making a sharp turn heading ENE and was in sight for three to five minutes.

11. COMMENTS
Description, duration, flight path indicate that this sighting was probably caused by an aircraft.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[Checkboxes for various conclusions, with "Probably Aircraft" checked]

AISOP Form 5 (15 Oct 54)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

122

ASTRONOMY
Science News Letter for August 24, 1957

Venus, Saturn Now Seen
Although Venus is becoming brighter in the evening
sky, it is still retiring early from view. September will have a
kind of replacement for Venus—the "harvest moon."

By JAMES STOKLEY

▶ THE PLANET Venus is gradually
brightening, and becoming more prominent in the evening sky. However, it still sets
about an hour and a half after the sun. This
is before twilight has completely ended, and
the sky has become dark. It will soon
appear lower in the sky each evening and
will soon appear. Of magnitude minus 15
or the astronomical brightness scale, it is
easily any other star or planet. It is in the
constellation of Virgo, the virgin, and close
to the southwest at dusk. This is a feature
that is well be considered in future to locate
this planet.

The accompanying maps are drawn to
show the apparent of the evening sky at
about 8:15 p.m., and are helpful to understand the current sky situation. Venus is
now in the southwest, and will be visible
at the middle and two hours earlier in
September. Mars is in Capricornus.
Venus does not appear upon them
(the maps) because they are small and
cannot show the details of the sky.

This is Saturn, which stands in the eastern sky during the early evening. Saturn is in the
southern sky, but in moves through a
southwestern horizon and goes down, as do
the bright stars of the month, around 11 p.m.
by your local standard time.

September's Brightest Star
Brightest star of the September evening is
Vega, in Lyra, the lyre, high in the west.
Directly overhead is Cygnus, the swan, in
the northern sky. The summer triangle
also called the "Northern Cross." Deneb
marks the top of the cross, toward the
northeast. Moving down from Cygnus, toward the southwest, are some to Aquarius,
the eagle, or which Altair is the brightest
star.

Other stellar stars which, like those
of the first magnitude, are also shown in
the maps. These are all so near the horizon
that they appear considerably fainter than
if they were high overhead.

The sky's result of the earth's motion
light by the greater thickness of the earth's
atmosphere when looking toward the west
in the northwest is the figure of heaven, the
legendary, with Arcturus, Vega, to the
right in the Great Dipper, which is part of
Ursa Major, the great bear. In the lower
left of the map you will see Capricornus,
following the course of the Milky way.

Further right, low in the northeast, is
Capella, in Auriga, the charioteer, which

that might and the next, will be 74 minutes.
Thus, in September and October, when the
moon is full and bright, it rises about the
same time for several evenings.

Harvest Moon for Farmers
As John Ferguson wrote in a book on
astronomy published in 1757, explaining
why this is called the harvest moon: The
moon rises early in the evening at the setting of the full moon at that time of year
to the goodness of God, not doubting that
He had ordered it so on purpose to give
them an immediate supply of moonlight
after sunset, for their greater convenience
in reaping the fruits of the earth.

The reason for the difference in the
delay of moonrise from one night to the
next is found in the changing angle made
at various times of the year by the ecliptic.
At this time of year the moon rises once
a month, each night it is about a
few-minutes earlier than the night before.
Thus, being further east, it rises later
each succeeding night.

At this time of year the southernmost
part of the ecliptic is in our evening sky,
and the moon's path is nearly parallel to
and the line is not far from parallel to the
horizon. Hence, the moon's daily eastward
movement is utilized in moving it horizontally to a considerable degree. Just before the eclipse the moon was higher in
the horizon than is was the night before.
In March, on the other hand, the ecliptic
is nearly vertical, and the same eastward
movement of the moon takes that body considerably further below the horizon, thus
making the greater change at moonrise.

Hunter's Moon
In October, conditions will be quite similar to what they are in September. Again
there will be relatively little delay in moonrise from one night to the next when it is
full. This is again in the south, and it will
rise only 30 minutes later on the ninth. This
is called the "hunter's moon," since the
hunter is supposed to benefit at that time.

[The rest of the text includes a star chart/map showing various constellations and celestial bodies]


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Science News Letter for August 24, 1957

SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS

Celestial Time Table for September

Sept. EST
8 12:00 noon
14 11:04 p.m.
21 10:00 a.m.
24 Midnight

Moon farthest, distance 252,000
Full moon (Harvest Moon)
Moon in last quarter
Sun and Mars in line with earth
Moon nearest, distance 214,700
Sun over equator, autumn equi-

25
26
28
30

3:18 p.m.
2:00 p.m.
1:12 p.m.
1:50 p.m.

Mercury in Northern Hemisphere.
New moon.
Mercury near west of sun, visible for a few days around
this date. Low in east before sunrise.
Moon passes Venus.
Moon passes Saturn.
Moon in first quarter.
Subtract one hour for CST, two hours for
MST, and three for PST.

ASTRONOMY

Early Stars Were Brighter
A study of the atmospheres of the B stars leads
astronomers to believe that billions of years ago the stars were
much brighter than they now are.

THE SKIES were adorned with much
brighter stars billions of years ago than
they are now and the rate of star creation
then was much faster than now.

So conclude Dr. L. H. Aller and Jan
Jugaku of the University of Michigan Observatory from a study of the atmospheres
of the very young, but and bright objects
known as B stars. The astronomers reported results of their study, supported by
the National Science Foundation, to the
American Astronomical Society meeting in
Washington, D.C.

B stars are only a few million years old,
very young on the astronomical time scale
that dates the sun's formation as five billion
years ago. They are believed formed from
interstellar gas in the spiral arms of the
Milky Way galaxy in which the earth and
sun exist.

Since B stars consume their nuclear fuel,
hydrogen, at a rate hundreds of times faster
than does the sun, their lifetimes must be
relatively short. By comparing the sun's
composition with that of a young B star,
Dr. Aller and Jugaku found that the
amount of interstellar material is less in
the last four billion years.

According to the present idea of stellar
evolution, the heavier elements are produced
in the dense, hot cores of massive stars,
which then eject these elements into space
into interstellar matter. The interstellar material is again collected into stars and the

same process is repeated in the more massive objects.

The sun is thus, since it was formed so
many millions ago, believed to have a
smaller fraction of heavier elements than
would be expected from the "recently" formed stellar gas.

Although the problem of comparing the
sun's atmosphere with that of a young B
star is very complex and not very accurate,
Dr. Aller and Jugaku found that some elements, such as silicon and oxygen, do not
seem to have been created in the young
stars than in the sun.

Therefore, they conclude, the rate of element building, and of star formation as well,
must have proceeded at a much slower pace
since the sun was formed than it did in the
early stages of the Milky Way galaxy.

The rate of element formation was performed a being continuously renewed by an
outward flow of gas from the galactic center, or nucleus, Dr. Sidney van den Bergh
of Perkins Observatory, Delaware, Ohio, reported to the meeting. The present rate of
gas flow from the nucleus about equals the
rate of star formation in the galactic system by star formation, he has calculated.

Dr. van den Bergh based his conclusion
on the recent findings that the Milky Way
galaxy, as well as the Andromeda nebula,
contain "surprisingly" small amounts of interstellar gas.


- page 3 -

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 88-THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
Sending a letter and two photographs of the fragments to Colonel Lawrence J. Tacker, then in the Office of Information, United States Air Force, she simultaneously released to the press copies of both letter and photographs, and suggested that the Air Force could "vindicate" itself by analyzing the material. The newspaper photographs showed one fragment about four inches long and two inches wide resembling petrified wood in appearance, and a smaller piece shaped roughly like a flattened cupcake, whose surface showed pits and whorls like those on the trailing end of a meteorite.

Two days later, without waiting for a reply from Washington, Mrs. Lorenzen through the newspaper amplified her challenge. If the Air Force wanted to examine the mysterious fragments, she said, they would first have to agree to certain conditions [a2]:

"(1) APRO officers, together with duly appointed Air Force liaison personnel, would establish a board of experts representing both military and civilian UFO researchers.

"(2) This board of experts would decide what meaningful tests need to be performed on the material in question.

"(3) The board then would select a qualified testing agency to perform these tests under its cognizance."

In all its history, the United States Air Force can surely have received no more extraordinary proposition. Whatever he may have felt, Colonel Tacker merely suggested that Mrs. Lorenzen could submit the material to ATIC for analysis.

The fragments were never forwarded to the Air Force.

Eventually APRO published some information about the "disaster." Early in September 1957, a group of fishermen on a beach near Ubatuba, Brazil, had supposedly sighted a disk-shaped object flashing down toward the sea. The UFO had suddenly swerved upward and exploded, showering down fragments like fireworks. Several pieces had been obtained by a Brazilian representative of APRO, who submitted them to a chemist for complete tests including spectrographic and X-ray diffraction analyses.

Details of the analyses have never been published. Although they evidently showed the presence of at least three elements common on earth—magnesium, hydrogen, and oxygen—APRO somehow deduced that the fragments in their original state had consisted of pure magnesium and that the hydroxide must have formed when they came in contact with the water. The final conclusion stated that "the airborne object ... consisted, at least in part, of 100% magnesium, which is not within the technology of our times." [23]

Similarly, perhaps, a cook might assert that since chocolate fudge consists, at least in part, of too per cent sucrose, fudge must originally have been composed entirely of pure sugar, except for a little chocolate and milk it picked up in passing through the kitchen.

From the few facts available a positive identification of the fragments is impossible. The description of the object seen by the fishermen fits that of a meteor that broke into pieces near the end of its flight. In the photographs the fragments look like ordinary meteorites, which often contain a fair amount of magnesium (see Chapter v). There is no evidence to suggest that the fishermen's "wrecked spaceship" was anything but an exploding meteor.


- page 4 -

Other Mysterious Fragments

In the spring of 1960 Mrs. Coral Lorenzen, director of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, publicly challenged the truth of the Air Force statement that "no physical or material evidence, not even a minute fragment of so-called 'flying saucer' has ever been found." [20] Mrs. Lorenzen announced that she had in her possession two fragments of an extraterrestrial vehicle that had met with disaster in the earth's atmosphere. Without specifying the date and location of the event, the identity of the witnesses, or any corroborative details of the alleged disaster, she merely said that several persons had witnessed the catastrophe. She went on to assert, somewhat astonishingly, that "the gratifying aspect of this case, however, is that we do not have to depend on the testimony of witnesses to establish the reality of the incident for the most advanced laboratory tests indicate that the residual material could not have been produced through the application of any known terrestrial techniques." [21]


- page 5 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   10 September 1957
                                                                       Pleasant Valley, New York

I:  Plane Spotter Sees Circling Objects Drop "Flimsy Material"

This sighting took place on Tuesday, Sept. 10, in Pleasant Valley, N.Y. (on the upper Delaware River in the western Catskills.)  Richard Holsapple, a self-employed builder, saw three objects circling silently in a clear sky, "near military planes, which took no notice of them."  "Two were silvery and the other was somewhat darker," said Holsapple, who is a member of the Ground Observer Corps.  "It was very hard to judge how far up they were, but they were certainly not high-flying jets.  It looked to me as though they were flying faster than any jet I ever saw - at least 2000 miles an hour."

What makes this observation noteworthy is that "he reported also that strings of flimsy material dropped from the mystery craft and drifted earthward far way to the south."  (Source: Danbury (Conn.) News-Times, Sept. 12, 1957.)


- page 6 -

DATE                   LOCATION                                   OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

18                  Gresham, Oregon                                                           Insufficient Data
19                  Hollis, Long Island, New York                                             Balloon
19                  Point Pleasant, New Jersey                                                Other (Hallucination)
20                  Kadena AFB, Okinawa                                  Military             UNIDENTIFIED
20                  Montauk, N.Y./Benson, Pennsylvania                   Military (RADAR)

20                  San Antonio, Texas (CASE MISSING)                    Civilian             1. Equip Malfunction
21                  New Carlisle, Ohio                                                        2. ECM (Chaff Drop)
23                  Panama Canal Zone                                                         Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
23                  Montezuma, Indiana                                   Military             Other (AUTO LIGHTS)
23                  Harve, Montana                                                            Astro (METEOR)
23                  Virginia Beach, Virginia                                                  Aircraft
23                  Dayton, Ohio (CASE MISSING)                          Civilian             Astro (STAR)
24                  Fall River, Massachusetts                                                 Balloon
24                  Sanderson, Texas                                                          Balloon
24                  Egg Harbor, Wisconsin                                                     Insufficient Data
24                  Terrin AFB, Texas                                    Military             Balloon
24-25               New York, New York                                                        Astro (ARCTURUS)
26                  Kansas City, Missouri                                Brannif Airlines     Aircraft
26                  Washington, D.C.                                                          Insufficient Data
27                  West Jefferson, Ohio                                                      Aircraft (BLIP)
27                  Kokomo, Indiana                                                           1. Aircraft
                                                                                              2. Astro (STARS)
29                  Piqua, Ohio                                                               Aircraft
29                  Colorado Springs, Colorado                                                Astro (METEOR)
29                  N. Turo, Massachusetts                                                    Aircraft
29                  San Antonio, Texas                                   Military             Astro (METEOR)
29                  Palm Springs, California                                                  Aircraft
30                  Los Angeles, California                                                   Insufficient Data
30                  Claremont, California (CASE MISSING)                 Civilian             Insufficient Data
30                  Cashmere, Washington                                                      Aircraft
30                  Navy Chase, Texas                                    Military             Other (KITES)
                                                                                              Astro (VENUS)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE                LOCATION                                             SOURCE              EVALUATION
Sep                 Universe                                             Science News Ltr    Newclipping
28                  Old Greenwich, Connecticut


- page 7 -

UFOB INDEX CARD

1. DATE
26 Sep 57

2. LOCATION
Kansas City, Mo.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
26/1040z Sep57

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual     □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual        □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Ten to fifteen seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

9. COURSE
006 to 010°

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Two white objects withstell. Objects moved from 006 degrees to 010 degrees in from 10 to fifteen seconds.

11. COMMENTS
Concur with Reporting Officer th t there is insufficient data for evaluation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
☒ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

AISOP Form 5 (15 Oct 54)


- page 8 -

