PROJECT 1007 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
6 March 1957

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 06/1900Z
GMT: 06/1900Z

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
one minute

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object shaped like derby hat, size of basketball, color white, sound - low growling sound. Brought to attention by dogs barking. Object not more than 150 yards away, sighting at 2 pm in afternoon.

2. LOCATION
Great Meadows, New Jersey

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

6. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
vertically & slightly NE

11. COMMENTS
Possibly a balloon but for lack of information will be classified as insufficient data. Also possible navy blimp. From Lakehurst. No investigation as to these possibilities made.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

COVER SHEET                                                      SUSPENSE

UFO Letters

ROUTING
Initial "IN" column to denote review prior to action. Initial "OUT" column to denote review of completed action. (X for action, √ for coordination.)

[Routing table with multiple offices left mostly blank]

TO: AFOIN-Nbk                                                    DATE: 23 April 1957
FROM: AFOIN-XLA
COMMENTS (Use reverse, if necessary):

Mr. Sanderson/D.Js/74903

1. The attached letters are forwarded to you for action.

2. The letter from Mr. [redacted] was handcarried to us from SAFIS. They feel that Mr. [redacted] is a legitimate writer and his letter deserves answering. It is requested that information on which to base a reply to Mr. [redacted] letter be prepared and forwarded to AFOIN-XLA for handcarrying to SAFIS.

3. This office would like to be advised as to whether or not you have any information in your files on Mr. [redacted].

4. As for the letter from Mr. [redacted] use your own judgement.

2 Incls:
1. Ltr fr Mr. [redacted] dtd 15 Apr 57
2. Ltr fr Mr. [redacted] dtd 15 Apr 57

AARON J. BOGGS
Lt Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-XLA

AFHO FORM                                                        GPO 203144
1 MAY 56  0-86    PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED.


- page 2 -

SUBJECT: UFO Letters                                                 FROM: AFOIN-4       DATE: 8 MAY 1957   COMMENT NR. 2
TO: AFOIN-X1A

1. Attached is information and other pertinent data upon which to base a reply to Mr. [redacted] letter. References will be by paragraph number, as pencilled in the margin of Mr. [redacted] letter.

2. This Center has no knowledge on record of the visits on 2 April with General [redacted] and Mr. [redacted], or of his letter dated 3 April. It is believed that any statements which might have been made by General [redacted] during the interviews have been misinterpreted, inasmuch as we feel certain that the Chief of the Air Force Information Services is cognizant that the Air Force UFO program is now and has been continuously active for the past ten years.

3. Reference paragraph 3, Comment 1. This Center is in receipt of an Intelligence Report AF-112 in which Mrs. [redacted] report, and includes a letter from Mr. [redacted] commenting on his wife's UFO sighting, see enclosure. There is insufficient data in Mrs. [redacted] report upon which to form any valid conclusions. However, it is significant that she appears to have gone to some lengths to give her report some authenticity by rendering it into affidavit form. Your attention is particularly invited to the summary comment of the preparing officer regarding the Warren County Area.

Inclosures:
1. 5 Incls
   w/d 1 incl.-2
   Added 3 incls.
2. Information Sheet
3. Cy AF112 dtd 6 Mar 57
4. w/2 incls
5. Cy of newspaper clipping

[Signature of T. J. O'HANAN, JR., Major, USAF]


- page 3 -

Information Sheet

Upon which to base a reply to letter dated 15 April from Mr. [illegible]
Each paragraph in subject letter has been given a pencilled number to facilitate reference to this sheet.

Par Ref

1   This Center has no knowledge regarding letters of 2 and 3 April, presumably on the subject of UFOs.

2.  A full report regarding this case, with pertinent analyses and conclusions, was submitted to your headquarters under the personal signature of General [illegible] within 24 hours after a request to this Center for an investigation. Reference ATIC message EFTO A4-155, dated 14 March 1957. Case file was submitted to your office 8 April 1957, per your request in teletype message APDN-54555 dated 29 March 1957. It should be reiterated that this Center's conclusions were submitted to, and concurred by an eminent scientist in this field. Sic 7 & 8 A 9

3   This Center has no knowledge or report of the UFO sighting in question.

4   Statement is correct; however, if feasible, it should be suggested to Mr. [illegible] that Project "Blue Book" Report Nr. 14 will be released for sale to the general public, which will include statistics and summary for the period subsequent to 5 May 1955.

4b  JANAP and AFR 200-2 have never been classified SECRET. JANAP originally carried a RESTRICTED classification. The original AFR 200-2, promulgated April 1952, also carried a RESTRICTED classification for a short while. Both were declassified by Presidential Executive Order Nr. 10501 soon thereafter. It does concern itself with responsibilities and procedures with regard to reporting sightings. However, there has been considerable misinterpretation regarding what UFO information should be released to the public because of an unfortunate use of bad wordage in the pertinent paragraph of AFR 200-2. This has been corrected in the proposed new AFR 200-2 recently submitted to your office.

4c  Project "Blue Book" Report Nr. 14, will be periodically brought up-to-date to reflect the Air Force's latest findings in this field. No need for any special report. 1 considered necessary, as addendums to this study will permit the general public to have a continuous picture from the UFO programs inception.

4d  It seems inconceivable, and highly improbable, that the alleged remark would be attributed to the Chief of USAF Office of Information Services.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

5   In the opinion of this Center, the Air Force position in this matter
should be firm and clear, as reflected in "Blue Book" Report Nr. 14
and the two DOD releases. However, care should be exercised not to
place the Air Force in a position, where it may be misquoted or
misinterpreted, to its detriment, by this individual's contemplated
article in the American Weekly.

6a  Reference ATIC report and case file, item 2 above.

6b  The 4602A AISS is the prime UFO investigative organization. This
organization, including other organizations or Commands (see TT
messages in case file) conducted an investigation into this sighting.
In view of the fact that many agencies may be brought into play in
any specific case, each unaware of the other's participation in the
matter, Mr. _______ statement that a call to the PAA pilot was
"perfunctory" is not well taken.

6c  Project "Blue Book" is still monitored by ATIC, but the name of
the Project Officer is immaterial, as policy and high-level de-
cisions do not originate with his office but on higher levels.
The UFO program is an unclassified one. The files, however, be-
cause of intelligence and investigative personnel, procedures and
techniques often contain classified material. For example, a
check into the reliability of a UFO observer and the circumstances
surrounding his report may reveal highly personal or derogatory
data. In some instances individuals of high standing in their
community are involved. The result of any authority given to
non-official persons to have access to these files is obvious.
The public and others have respectively misconstrued this as an
admission of hiding the "real facts."

6d  This Center has no knowledge or any report concerning a UFO sighting
by Senator Russell. Your attention is invited to a newspaper
clipping, attached, in which Mr. _______ alleges that such a
sighting had been made by Senator Russell but has been "gazed"
by the Air Force. Any statement to the effect that the Air
Force has or can put such restriction on any member of Congress
does not revive comment.

6e  Project "Bear" is not known by this Center.

6f  Evaluation of reports are released to Headquarters USAF in
statistical form together with pertinent conclusions. The names
of individuals, per se, are of little value, as factual, complete
data is the objective. Any attempt to give a full report to each
individual reporting a UFO would be a tremendous task. In those
few exceptions made, experience has shown that the conclusions given


- page 5 -

are generally unacceptable to the observer, and in fact, often has
added fuel to the controversy. Mr. [redacted] apparently is under the
impression that CIRVIS (Communication Instructions for Reporting
Vital Intelligence Sighting) is an extensive analytical study
similar to "Blue Book" Report Nr. 14, when in reality, merely represents procedures for reporting certain types of sightings.


- page 6 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

16 May 1957

Dear Mr.

As General is no longer Director of Information Services, your letter on unidentified flying objects was forward to me for reply.

Reference the Pan American sighting in early March, this was investigated by the 4602nd AISS and several other investigating agencies. All concluded that Captain Van Winkle observed a bolide or fireball (see attached). As each agent acted independently it is doubtful that any one made a perfunctory examination of the incident.

JANAF 146 and AFR 200-2 have never been classified as Secret. Both carried a Restricted classification for a short while and were declassified by Presidential Executive Order 10501. The Air Force is presently contemplating publishing a revised AFR 200-2 which should eliminate much of the misinterpretation of the original.

The Air Force is planning to release Project BLUE BOOK Report #14 for sale to the general public. It will be kept up to date so as to present a continuous picture of the Program. This statement which you attached to your letter, Quarterly Report BLUE BOOK 14 encl, Vol. I seriously dwelt that General Kinsey made a statement that the whole area of thought on the UFO's was strictly for the birds.

is merely a procedure for reporting certain types of sightings and not an extensive analytical study. Project BLUE BOOK is not known by the Air Technical Intelligence Center as having any reference about Senator Russell being asked not to discuss his personally sighting a strange object, the Air Force has no knowledge of this.

Sorry for the delay in answering your letter, but we had forwarded it to the Air Technical Intelligence Center to get the information.

Sincerely,
TIM DUNN
Major, USAF
Chief, Magazine & Book Branch
Office of Information Services

Mr.
Wingover Shooting Preserve
Great Meadows, New Jersey


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

MAY 21, 1957

The document number appears to be 1095747, and there is a handwritten notation "06035-T-1" in the top left corner. Much of the document is obscured or blacked out, making large portions of the text illegible.


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Obs: Sqdn, 200 E. State Street
Trenton, New Jersey

1. Description of the Object:
   a. Shape: Darky Hat.
   b. Size: Basketball.
   c. Color: White.
   d. Number: None (1).
   e. N/A
   f. Details: See Incl. No. 1.
   g. See Incl.
   h. Sounds: Low growling sound.
   i. See Incl.

2. Description of course of objects:
   a. Brought to the attention of the observer by the barking of dogs.
   b. Angle of elevation Overhead.
   c. Angle of elevation upon disappearance: Vertically and slightly North east.
   d. Description of flight path: Hovering.
   e. Manner of disappearance: In to clouds.
   f. Time of sight: Unknown.

3. Manner of observations:
   a. Ground visual
   b. Optical aids: N/A.
   c. N/A.

4. Time and date of sighting:
   a. Zulu time and date: 1900Z, March 6, 1957.
   b. Light conditions: Dark.

5. Location of Observer: Negative.

6. Identifying Information:
   a. Civilian name, mailing address, occupation: [partially obscured]
   b. Mailing Address: Wingsover Sporting Preserve, Great Meadows, New Jersey.
   c. Occupation: Housewife.
   d. Military: N/A.

7. Weather and winds-aloft conditions:
   a. Observations: Conditions: Clear under low overcast.
   b. Wind: Negative.
   c. Temperature: 50°F.
   d. Visibility: Clear.
   e. Amount of cloud cover: Complete.
   f. Thunderstorms: Negative.

8. Any other unusual activity or conditions: Negative.
9. Interaction or identification station taken: Negative.
10. Location of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting: Negative.
11. Position, title of the preparing officer: Field Training Officer, Det. No. 3, 1607th Ground Observer Squadron, 200 E. State St., Trenton, New Jersey
12. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: Negative.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Wingover Shooting Preserve
Great Meadows, N.J.
Tel. Great Meadows 7-8663

March 12, 1957

U.S. Air Force Filter Center
State Street
Princeton, N.J.

Dear Sirs:

I have learned (delicately) that your office is the proper place to record the sighting of an unidentified flying object as described in the enclosed affidavit by my wife. This sighting is also being reported to the Civil Air Patrol, Morristown, New York City witnesses, under understanding the attached form NY-6879 (it will not go beyond management) will be used. We will be glad to cooperate.

We would be most interested to know whether my wife's experience tallies in any respect with any sightings. (In some cases in this area (Warren County) on or about March 6.

We give absolutely no publicity for ourselves or the sighting. Our chief (wife) mentioned in the affidavit arose from the pure coincidence that, as an Air Force veteran, her husband had been investigating the fantastic "saucer story" for some years. She will probably contact you presently to substantiate and evaluate (UFO) parts of her data, its confidence, and in this area.

So far as we are concerned, we welcome whatever information you can give him in connection with it.

Sincerely yours,

Mar.6-Warren County, New Jersey-2pm-huge, white UFO shaped like a Derby Hat) hovering low over field, with shimmering ray(s) below. Had a rocking-motion, undulating-rumble sound. Finally shot skyward & NE. Dogs barked (Familiar). (Seen by first)


- page 10 -

Hanover Shooting Preserve
Great Meadows, N.J.
Tel. Great Meadows 7-1604

March 11, 1957

AFFIDAVIT by [redacted]

Even at the risk of being called hysterical, hallucinated or worse, I feel I must make record, on my oath as a woman, an American, and a member of the human race, of the following:

That I saw an airborne object which bore no resemblance to any airplane, helicopter or balloon ever made and flown by man, so far as I know.

That I was in full possession of my senses and my sanity at the time, and all during the time of my seeing this object, which lasted for at least one minute.

That I saw the object at a distance of not more than 150 yards at about 2 p.m. on Wednesday, March 6, 1957, first from a rear window and then from out in the back yard of our home on the road from Great Meadows to Hope, New Jersey.

That the weather was clear under a low overcast, and the outline of the object hovering in the air over the slope below our house was such that I could see it and hear it-with absolute certainty and with concentrated effort to observe and remember every detail.

That my attention was first drawn to the object's presence by our dogs barking in their pens behind the house, and by their looking upward at the object, a fact and I continued to do steadily until the object departed.

That the size and shape of the object clearly resembled half of a huge egg or half of a huge cigar, deciding from its size at an estimated nine to ten feet and at an estimated...

[Note: The last paragraph is cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

least 50 feet in horizontal diameter,above a slightly curled-up
"brim" that extended outward for 12 or 15 feet from the bottom of
the crown. This brim or bottom surface of the object appeared to
be sealed over smoothly and completely,in a gentle curve,with no holes
or ports or windows or vents of any kind,of which I could see none
anywhere else on the entire object.

That ,in the absence of any openings into it, I could see no
beings,human or otherwise,inside the object who might be operating
and guiding it,and no crew or passengers were visible on the
object's exterior during its visit.

That the color of the object,all over,was a uniform white,dull
but clean,with no spots,stria or other markings whatsoever.Its
texture was apparently non-metallic but reminded me strongly of
pipe clay.

That a moderate breeze,from the northeast I think,was blowing
in which the object hovered quite stationary except for a gentle
rocking motion,like a boat at anchor on water. As the object rocked
and in the same cadence it made a low growling or rumbling sound
that rose and fell irregularly.

That beneath the object,extending vertically toward the
ground,I seemed to see,and then not see,and then see again,a lot
of streamers or lines of some material(or force) that twinkled
like the fragile strands of tinsel with which one decorates a
Christmas tree.

That without any marked change of sound except a soft rush
of air,sucking away and not blowing toward me,the object abruptly
ascended almost vertically,all nicely northeast erly,at immense speed
into the thick cloud cover (about 50 feet up) and was instantly
[text continues but is cut off]


- page 12 -

March 6, 1957. On Wednesday, March 6, 1957, at about 2 p.m., Mrs. [redacted], wife of a well-known writer and former editor of [redacted] magazine, saw an unearthly object hovering low over a field behind her house. The Martin property is situated on the eastern slope of the Jenny Jump ridge in Warren County, western New Jersey, and the house, on Shades of Death Road, commands a glorious view from the rear of the Great Meadows valley, to the east.

On the day in question, the sky was overcast, with a ceiling that grazed the 1100-foot summits of the Jenny Jumps. Mrs. [redacted] was talking on the phone when she became aware of a commotion from the hounds in their pen in the back yard. Hanging up, she went into the den to see what was disturbing them - as the weather had been warm, a neighboring farmer had already turned his cows out to pasture, and she was afraid that they might have wandered into her yard through a breach in the fence. Looking out through the den window, which faces the water, she saw the dogs clustered in the corner of their pen closest to the adjacent field, and hovering over this field, somewhat to her left and about 10 to 15 feet above the ground, was a huge, white, derby-hat-shaped construction.

"The shape of the object closely resembled a huge derby hat, with a rounded dome-like crown 30 to 40 feet high and at least 50 feet in horizontal diameter, above a slightly curled-up 'brim' that extended outward for 12 to 15 feet on each side of the bottom of the crown. This 'brim' seemed to be scaled over smoothly and completely in a gentle curve, with no holes or ports or windows or vents of any kind."

"The color of the object was a uniform white, dull but clean, with no spots, stripes, or other markings whatever. Its texture was apparently non-metallic, and reminded me strongly of pipe clay."

The object was hovering almost stationary over the field. The witness described a gentle rocking motion from right to left, "like a boat at anchor in the water." At the same time, she heard a low "growling, or rumbling" noise coming from the direction of the object; this noise rose and fell in cadence with the slight rocking motion of the device.

Underneath the base of the object was a continual display of shimmering, wavery "lines" or "rays" that extended vertically almost to the ground. The effect was similar to the tinsel which hangs on a Christmas tree, although the substance, whether of material or non-material nature (the witness thought it might be some sort of "light ray") was not nearly as well defined as Christmas tree tinsel. Mrs. [redacted] thought that there was really only one wavery "line" or "ray" that shimmered rapidly downward toward the ground and then disappeared, immediately reappearing elsewhere with such rapidity that it gave an impression of more than one of these "lines."

Mrs. [redacted] watched this thing for a total of fully a minute. Abruptly, then, the object rose almost vertically into the sky with a slightly northeasterly slant, at an "immense rate of speed." As it rose from the field, she heard...

[Note: The last sentence appears to be cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

some from sight and hearing.

"This an hour of my experience, my husband telephoned me from New York City. I told him what I had seen, and told him again in fuller detail when I joined him at 7:30 that evening in the city.

At his insistence I later that evening repeated my account and answered many questions while my memory was still fresh, at the home at the presence of Mr. K. [redacted] 58th Street, N.Y.C. I told my story/again to several other friends in the next three days (March 7,8 and 9), but made no formal report to any authorities, fearing ridicule. The evening of March 9, my husband persuaded me to talk to [redacted] of High Bridge, N.J. whose reported recent experiences with unusual flying objects had interested us. But [redacted] and his wife were "away for a few days, resting", according to the woman who answered their telephone.

She was unwilling to cut as in touch with the Mergers by long-distance phone unless we went to High Bridge and let her size us up. This we did not do, and we have not subsequently heard from [redacted].

This document is the first and only written account of the peculiar object which I saw and heard. It is worded by my husband, has been read and recorded for accuracy by me, and I solemnly swear to every statement in it.


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

24.

a "soft rush of air, sucking away and not blowing toward me." During its ascent the base of the object remained horizontal to the ground, and Mrs. did not see any vents, openings, or markings of any kind through which the "rays" she described could have come. In a matter of seconds, it had risen through the overcast clouds just above the mountain tops. The dogs stopped barking.

At the time of her sighting, Mrs. husband was in New York City; he called her a short time after the incident and learned of it then. "I told him what I had seen, and told him again in fuller detail when I joined him at 7:20 that evening in the city. At his insistence I later that evening repeated my account, and answered many questions while my memory was still fresh, at the home and in the presence of his friends in the next three days (March 7, 8, and 9), but made no formal report to any authorities, fearing ridicule."

Mrs. was referred to CSI through the good offices of Dr.

On March 24, for details of the observation once again. It proved not possible to estimate the size of the object, because Mrs. had not noted at the time that the left edge of the "brim" was framed by a dead tree at the border of the far side of the field, while the right "brim" was framed by a pile of dead undergrowth. Mrs. placed the distance between the two landmarks and found it to be 40 long-legged paces - 120 feet. The object was approximately 150 yards from Mrs. The base of the object appeared on a level with, or slightly below, Mrs. eye-level (as the field slopes downward and to the left). The back yard is on higher ground than the part of the field over which the object was hovering.) The top of the object as seen from the yard rose above the tops of the Jenny Jump range to the northeast.

(This is one of the most detailed and definite sightings that has ever been reported to us, and the possibility of a mistake caused by some "conventional" object can be immediately excluded. It is always necessary, of course, to consider the possibility of deliberate invention, and in this connection it should be noted that Mr. had very recently had his interest in flying saucers aroused by the longer claims, whose falsity he soon detected. His wife's exceptional sighting just at this time therefore strikes one as an unusual coincidence, and one may think of the "H.O." episode. However, in the judgment of the Research Section, only a person sophisticated in the saucer literature could construct a story whose details agree with, and yet differ from, existing observations in so convincing a fashion. It seems unquestionable that neither Mr. nor Mrs. had at that time the background necessary to invent a tale like this, and our present feeling is that it should be accepted as a perfectly genuine and extremely informative observation of an artificial construction which obviously did not originate on this planet.)


- page 15 -

