PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: November 1957

2. LOCATION: Albuquerque, New Mexico

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 3:45 PM, GMT 21:45Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS: No

6. SOURCE: (Civilian)

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [Illegible]

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1

9. COURSE: [Illegible]

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Light, white sighting. Sky in SW. Came in at 30 deg. and brightened.

11. COMMENTS: Venus.

12. CONCLUSIONS: [Checked box for "Possibly Astronomical Venus"]

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   6 November 1957
                                                                        Lake Baskatong, Ottawa, Canada

FIRST-HAND REPORT OF A UFO EMITTING A RADIO SIGNAL

The following extraordinary observation came to us via Lex Mebane, through the courtesy of a mutual friend, Mr. Anthony M. Bender (no relation to Albert K. Bender of Connecticut), who arranged for Lex to meet and interview the witness two weeks after the event. This is one of the perhaps-unprecedented crop of UFO appearances on November 6th that made that day such a dies mirabilis in American saucer annals.

The observer was Mr. Jacques N. Jacobsen, Jr., of Staten Island, a young man trained as a microbiologist, who now holds a responsible position in New York City with a large railroad company. In the first week of November he was on vacation, hunting deer in the big woods of Quebec with three friends, William Mundray, William Totten, and Robert Dawson. They were staying at Sullivan's Hunting Lodge on Lake Baskatong, about 100 miles north of Ottawa. There was no electricity at the camp, but they had with them a portable radio of the type used in World War II landing craft." (Both Mundray and Dawson are professional electronics workers, and radio hams on the side.)

On the evening of the 6th they were listening to the radio, which was reporting UFOs seen everywhere; reception was subject to fading, but many stations could be picked up.

At about 9 p.m. Totten went out to the outhouse; he came back breathlessly exclaiming: "There's a flying saucer out here!" The others laughed, and suggested that he invite the little green men in for coffee. (Mr. Jacobsen thought he'd better stress the fact that "the whiskey had run out two nights before".) However, he insisted. They went out on the porch and sure enough, there was a "huge brilliantly-illuminated sphere," one-eighth to one-sixth the apparent diameter of the moon, was hanging a few hundred feet over the summit of a hill two or three miles away. "Is this actually' have been a misinterpretation of some celestial body? By no means. The sky had been completely overcast by low-hanging clouds for several hours, and the object was beneath these clouds. This was beyond any possibility of doubt, because conical beams of light fanned out from both the top and the bottom of the object. The lower beam lit up the tops of the pine trees on the hilltop; the upper beam illuminated the under surface of the low clouds. (See the accompanying sketch, copied from Mr. Jacobsen's.) The brightness of the object was dazzling--"like looking into a gas-mantle"(they were using gas-mantle lamps at the camp)--but its color was yellowish-white, not the bluish-white of a mantle. Because of the glare, its edges were not sharply defined. It did not flicker, pulsate, or oscillate.

8 x 25 binoculars revealed no further detail. For fifteen minutes it remained in the same position.

Mr. Jacobsen took two 35-mm photographs, which had not yet been developed two weeks later. (It is hardly to be expected that they will show anything more than a dot of light.)

While this was being seen, it was discovered that there was "no reception" on the portable radio. Mundray tried the short-wave radio, with the same result: on none of its bands could anything be picked up--not even the government time signal, which invariably came in clearly. But there was one exception at one frequency which came in a very strong signal was received. It was a rapidly modulated single tone, somewhat like Morse code in effect--but not Morse, which would have been recognized, Mr. Jacobsen could not recall the frequency, but thought it was in the vicinity of 25 or 25 megacycles--not 14,206 megacycles, where a "mystery beep" signal from something moving in the sky had been received that week all over the earth, pole to pole.

[A hand-drawn sketch of the UFO is included in the document]


- page 2 -

TAB

A    MAJOR FRIEND'S FIELD INVESTIGATION
B    INVESTIGATIVE DATA
C    CIVIL DEFENSE RPT DTD 9 NOV 57
D    MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION INCL/SAUCER NEWS ARTICLE


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

'Thingnik' Sighter Finally Tells Tale
Of Mysterious Landing to Sheriff
By PAUL COLEBROOK

Olden Moore of Huntsville, whose wife reported his sighting the landing of a unidentified flying object in the Hart Rd. - Route 6 area Wednesday night, expressed at a press conference yesterday at 1 p.m. to make his personal report official for the first time.

Moore was located at his home yesterday afternoon by George Saunders, Daily Alton Record, who drove him to the Sheriff's office by 1:45 a.m. Gazing comfortably over his statement, Moore volunteered his information to Sheriff Leroy Johns and Col. Leroy Moore within 200 feet of the round object that measured about 50 feet across and had a small cone-like top on it. Moore, according to Johns and Moore, estimated the height of the object to be between 20 and 30 feet.

The only sound made by the UFO was comparable to the sound of a metro's talking.

Thingnik Sled Log
Moore said that the object appeared to be standing on the ground, motionless, and all around it. It was very bright and phosphorescent in color. There were no windows that he could notice.

Returning to his car, he drove to the intersection, picked up his wife and returned with her to the scene. But then the object was gone.

Locke said the Moore's comment was, "If anyone had told me 24 hours before that there were no Page 4, Column 4

'Thingnik' 
Continued from Page 1

According but imagination to these flying saucers reports, I would never have convinced it. Now, I'm convinced."

Questioning, according to Johns, Moore drew a picture of the object, the investigating officer said.

Exploring his disappearance
and the fact he had been seen and thinking over what reporting the incident would mean, Moore said he was convinced.

A pleasure, Moore lives in a farmhouse along Route 6, about six miles north of Route 66, with his wife Zelma and their children, Gary, 7; Larry, 5; Harold, 8; and Larry, 1 year old.


- page 4 -

Montville UFO Tops Bump
Geauga County Man Reportedly Talked to Washington Officials
By DAVID VORMELLKER

Olden Moore, the Geauga County man who reported seeing a space ship in a field near Montville the night of Nov. 6, has just revealed a mystery.

"He was out of town several days until last Saturday afternoon. He won't say where. But his wife, Zelma, told friends he was in Washington in regard to UFO."

"I talked to high officials," Moore said yesterday. "I won't say where I was."

His report of a flying saucer sighting was backed up in a farm field investigation by Army authorities. A team of scientists from Cows Institute and others in Geauga and Cuyahoga Counties followed.

County Director Kenneth Locke said the Army was interested and investigated. Moore said, "I know where I was that night. I was not able to have a complete story at the time, and back up my story."

Some has not been shaken like a saucer by the publicity. Perhaps so loud a saucer sighting is a success for the publicity.

Moore signed an affidavit describing the sighted object, which he described as a large as a saucer and glowed brightly with a greenish color.

The sight was witnessed by his wife, 12 hours after Moore's sighting was not available for comment.

Scientists from Cows Institute might examine the field where the object was seen or not. Locke said he could not discuss the adherence to his original story.

When we took a reading with a Geiger counter on Nov. 20, the reading was 20 microroentgens in the center of an area 50 feet in diameter near the perimeter of that area.

Robert Seitz, a graduate student from Painesville when the bright object coming to a guard him near the intersection of Rt. 86 and Hart Road in Montville Township, be said.

A team of scientists is learned up in front of me and said, "We want to get some measurements."

"I watched it in the field for about 15 minutes, then got out of my car and walked toward the object. It looked like that of an electric or water heater."

"I stopped before I reached it, however, returned to my car when I drove home to get my wife."

When Locke said he could not discuss the adherence to his original story, Moore said, "I cannot make any comment as to whether such an object was seen or not."

The reading represented about 10 times the normal background of radioactivity.

Readings on counters can be obtained mainly places because of cosmic rays, which produce isotopes and radioactivity produced by bomb tests, Seitz said.

"A normal reading would be 10 to 20 microroentgens."

The field where the object was reportedly found was on Musalling's farm. Neither Musalling nor his sister saw or heard anything on the night of Nov. 6.

The farm house is several miles from the field.

Other reports of sightings of UFO include those of Richard Markell of Thompson, Geauga County, and members of the Ground Observers Corps at Orwell, Ashtabula County.

Mrs. Markell reported sighting a glowing orange star that appeared to be hovering over Thompson.

Both were on duty at the Ground Observers Corps at the time.

Shaffer told the post commander he had sighted the object with his binoculars.

"It had lights streaming down from what appeared to be a tower, and it was too, but while I was watching an airplane at 20,000 feet and that unknown object."

Seitz said the second UFO had intense white brilliance and traveled so swiftly he could get only one plane at a time.

It was shaped like a clear disc and was not tapered at both ends like a larger than the other.

Ray Conner, a deputy sheriff of Ashtabula County, reported a UFO in the vicinity of Williamsfield at 8:30 a.m. on Nov. 12.


- page 5 -

Crop of Rural Saucers 11-22-57

[Map locations include:]
Thompson
Ashtabula
Montville
Orwell
Windsor
Geauga

[Partial text from the article, some parts are illegible:]

The object looked like an elliptical with red glow... sighting from R. Connor said...

[Bottom of page includes a detailed illustration of a UFO/flying saucer]

Older Moore says he was driving and describes a brilliant blue object in the sky...

[Note: Some text is partially obscured or illegible due to image quality]


- page 6 -

Headline: Locke Is Noncommittal: Geauga Alive with Probers Of Reports on 'Space Crafts'

Subheadline: MONTVILLE -- "If there was ever a sign..."

Date: 11-8-57

The image appears to be a newspaper clipping with a blurry black and white photograph. The text is partially obscured and some sections are difficult to read clearly. The headline suggests the article is about investigations into reports of space crafts, with someone named Locke providing a noncommittal response.

The photograph seems to show two shadowy figures or objects, but due to the poor image quality, specific details are hard to discern.

The bottom of the article appears to continue with additional text, but much of it is illegible or cut off.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Objects
(Continued from Page 1)

from the field.
She drove the car to the field
and asked investigators to examine
some small pock marks and a small
pane of glass on the windshield and
paint. Mr. Locke and Mr. Charles Reinecks
of Chagra Park, CD director of the
state's Fifth Area, examined the
pitted areas with a Geiger counter
and found that the windshield apparatus wavered prominently several times.

Both CD officials expressed
optimism that the did register
radioactivity.
Mr. Locke theorized that the
marks may have been caused by
have caused the glass damage and
left the radioactivity.

Drew's Picture
James L. Werner, a Chardon, attorney who has represented Older
Moore, in previous legal matters,
said Mr. Moore gave Sheriff Louis
Robusky a statement and drew a
picture of the unidentified flying
object that he had seen Wednesday at 11 p. m. near the intersection of Wines.
Mr. Werner said that "Moore described it as being a big metallic
house and rested on a cone. It
made a whirling noise, and he had
never seen anything like it before."

Other Reports
More reports of seeing unidentified flying objects were received
by the Geauga County Sherriff's
office.
James Morris, Rock Haven,
Rd. south of Rt. 322, said he saw a
bluish ball - like object travelling
west at 11:05 p.m.
Ira Canfield, superintendent of
Chagra schools, saw a falling object at 9:45 p.m.
Mr. Simone reported that he
had seen an object over Mantville
at 9:45 p.m.

Mrs. Julius Shats was a flying object which was quite a bit
larger than a 10-p. m. She said it
appeared to land near Morgan Rd.

Mrs. James Hamby, who lives
on Mills and Rt. 322, said she saw a
plane quite a bit larger than the flashlight. She watched it for three minutes.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the newspaper article:

Photos of 'Saucer' Sent to CD Head; Mailer Sought

By JERRY SNOOK
Coors County Sheriff's deputies yesterday sought a letter and two snapshots believed to have been made of a "flying saucer" near Montvale, O.

Locke, the photographer, said he did not appear to be doctored. But he made a counter-charge that "Tillman" wrote that he had in his files a batch of radioactive pictures.

Locke called to the scene Registered Investigator Tillman, who said his geiger counter had picked up radioactivity of 150 roentgen strength. He described the object as "pretty strong" and said it was photographed by Olden Moore, who had his base near Painesville.

Then Moore said his motor stalled.

If Tillman's statements are correct, he will be the only person besides Moore to have seen the object.

Tillman said he not listed in any Lake County directories. The letter was postmarked in Painesville.

Saying Photos
Locke said the pictures showed a circular white object against a dark background. He said he believes that the pictures were not doctored.

The letter said that "Tillman" was saving 17 photographs of the object for a reporter from a flying master somewhere some day soon.

Describing the shots he and his wife took, Moore said: "We were very good views of the object on the ground and while it was taking off."

The pictures sent to Locke were taken, the letter said, from a distance of 100 feet. One showed the object on the ground, the other in the air.

"Other close-up photos, descriptions of it, and what went on while taking off, will be given to the reporter," the letter concluded.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Space Craft Grew, Spotter Says
By PAUL COLDERBANK

Calm and quiet-voiced Olden Moore, 43-year-old father of four children, a plasterer by trade, sat in his kitchen last night answering the questions of your New Mexico reporter about the "space craft" he said he saw Wednesday night.

Here is the first person to the camera. Olden Moore describes what he saw Wednesday night near Palmerville.

At 11 p.m. last Wednesday night, Olden Moore was in his automobile.

He had been in Palmerville that evening, arriving approximately 11:30 p.m. He later described what he saw to a local sheriff and state police.

"I began to see a bright object moving rapidly across the sky," Moore said. "It was bright, and I watched it for some distance away, and then it disappeared behind some shooting stars before and after I saw it."

"I stopped when it got to the place where I first saw it," Moore continued. "The part of it went upward. The part that remained then seemed brighter. No, I don't remember seeing the part that went straight up."

Discussing his story, "As I was walking the 'flat'" (a road), "it kept getting brighter and brighter. And then it was so bright that I could see a calendar there (about 3 a.m. or 4 a.m. of that night)."

Radioactivity registered on a Geiger counter was observed by your News + Herald reporter at the field the following morning where Moore said he had parked his car.

'Space Craft' Continued from Page 1
or watching it was for 15 or 20 minutes.

Moore described the object as about 30 feet in diameter, somewhat about 15 feet high with a cone on the top making the overall height between 20 and 30 feet.

"It was surrounded by a bluish flame, like a fog. Fairly slowly, alternating between bright and dim.

"If you recall, the moon was especially bright that night, and it was the moonlight that made it, possibly to distinguish the object from the moon.

When the haze was dim, what appeared to be the sides as those mirrored on the ground were like those where the sides and you cannot see the weather, etc. I didn't see any windows.

"Up until last Wednesday night, I never believed flying saucer sightings belonged in the body habit. Now, I do not doubt them at all."

"No, I wasn't afraid at the time. Even after standing at the scene for some time."


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Gives First-Hand Report:

Moore Tells CD Brass Data
On UFO Spotted in Geary

CHARDON -- Civil Defense official Leroy John head of the 5th Area Civil Defense office here Friday night to investigate Charles Reineck, his executive assistant.

The unidentified flying object was sighted by Mr. Moore of Rt. 328, Hambourg, according to the story told by Mr. Moore to Sheriff Louis Robusky and Sheriff's Dept. Thursday morning. He was later for press and told his story here.

Mr. Moore said he was driving on Rt. 6 near Geary when the object directly in front of him.

It seemed to split apart and was a round shape with a dome in the over head part. It was said to be a glow like the dial of a huge watch.

Getting out of the car, Mr. Moore said he circled the object. He then went back to the car and returned to the car.

"No one would believe them what I saw," he told someone later.

This fear of disbelievers what made him reluctant to report the incident. Mr. Moore commented. He could find no one to write and return with the information.

(See WHATNK, Page 4)

The "Whatnk" section on the left side of the page appears to be mostly illegible text.

The document is dated 11-17-57 in the top right corner.


- page 11 -

The text I can read is partially illegible, but here's what I can make out:

[Caption under the image, partially readable]
"DESCRIBING THE 'WHATNOT' is Glens Morrow (pictured) who says..."

The rest of the text is too blurry or faded to read with certainty.

The image appears to be a black and white photograph with some figures, but the details are not clear due to the poor image quality.


- page 12 -

On November 6, 1957 "lightning struck twice in the same spot" or should we say some date, as the UFOs were photographed over Anaheim, California and over Lake Baskatong, Quebec, Canada.


- page 13 -

The text at the bottom of the image (partially legible) appears to read:

"DESCRIBING THE "WHATEVER" is Gleim Moore (center right) who saw and closely drew UFO last..."

The rest of the text is too blurry or cut off to read completely.

The image contains a black and white photograph that appears grainy and dark, with some indistinct shapes or objects visible.


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FORT LAUDERDALE DAILY NEWS
THE GORE PUBLISHING COMPANY

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1957

Our Opinion
EDITORIALLY YOURS

President On Right Track

A few days ago President Eisenhower stated that Congress must take a new approach in determining what domestic problems to attack & eliminate in order to make more progress in solving the nation's needs.

Approximately one of those decisions will involve the highly political question of what to do about veterans' benefits.

It was reported this week that the President will advise Congress that in future years, Congress must take a new approach to the veterans' benefit problem.

This new approach, which the President is reported to have accepted, is based on the premise that the man who learns the service in good health should not be entitled to anything more in the way of pensions, loans or other government help than the veteran can qualify to receive. In other words, Mr. Eisenhower is going to suggest to Congress that it is only with an entirely new way of thinking that all kinds of special advantages can be given to veterans.

Pass In
Review
By Orville Revells

YOU'VE probably never heard of Cletus Moore of Huntsburg, O. I hadn't mail from Stanford of our correspondence, told me about him. And from what I heard I'll be hearing about Mr. Moore, that as soon as they locate him.

On the other day of this month, Mr. Moore, who was on his way home from Cleveland, spotted a space ship landing about 11 p.m. near the community of Nashville.

Upon his arrival home he told his wife about his experience. He was traveling alone. He was in his automobile. He said he saw a big object rushed across the landscape and landed in a field about a block's throw from the highway. "I saw it," he said, "and that it rested on a cone, and that it made a 'whirring' sound."

[The rest of the text continues but is partially cut off or illegible]

The document appears to be a newspaper page from the Fort Lauderdale Daily News, dated November 21, 1957, with an editorial about President Eisenhower and a "Pass In Review" column by Orville Revells discussing a UFO sighting by Cletus Moore.


- page 15 -

VOLUME 10, NUMBER 2 (Whole Number 52)                JUNE, 1963

SAUCER NEWS
Combined with THE SAUCERIAN BULLETIN
OFFICIAL PUBLICATION OF THE SAUCER AND UNEXPLAINED CELESTIAL EVENTS RESEARCH SOCIETY

MAILING ADDRESS: P.O. BOX 163, FORT LEE, N.J.
OFFICE: 303 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORK, N.Y.
TELEPHONE: MURRAY HILL 6-3743                                                EDITOR:
                                                                              JAMES W. MOSELEY

UFO Spotter
Taken to Washington
'Sworn to
Secrecy'
Moore
Says of Trip

THE ABOVE PHOTO (not related to the Moore story, which begins on Page 10), was sent to us by a correspondent in Albany, N.Y., who wishes to remain anonymous. He states that at about 2:30 p.m. on the afternoon of March 12th, 1963, he was sitting on the back porch of his home when a UFO flew into a low altitude and hovered for several seconds. Our correspondent rushed into the house for his camera, and took this picture. In quick succession as the object moved away slowly toward the east. It made no sound.

CONTENTS OF THIS ISSUE:
Editorial...............................................Page 2
Editorial Notes......................................Page 7
IMPORTANT NOTICE..................................Page 17
Letters to the Editor................................Page 3
Recent News Stories................................Page 17
BOOK REVIEWS:
    Bender Mystery Confirmed - Reviewed by James W. Moseley....Page 23
    UFO Warning (John Straus) - Reviewed by James W. Moseley....Page 24

FEATURE ARTICLES:
    The Olsen Moore Story - by C. W. Fitch.................Page 10
    The Mystery of the Disappearing Planes - by Sandy Moseley....Page 14
    The End of an Era - by Grey Barker....................Page 18


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are partially illegible due to image quality, so I'll transcribe what I can clearly read]

[Top of document appears to discuss veterans' benefits and a new presidential approach]

The new approach, which the President is recommending, will be accepted, is based on the premise that every citizen can qualify to receive anything more in the way of benefits. In other words, every citizen can qualify to receive. In other words, the Administrator is going to suggest to Congress that...

[Middle sections are partially obscured but seem to discuss veterans' benefits, social security, and various administrative policies]

The Legion and the VFW have already indicated they will back the new approach...

[On the right side of the page, there's a column titled "Everyday Counselor" with a photograph of a person]

[Bottom of the page has some partially legible text and what appears to be some names or credits]

Some sections of the text are too blurry or cut off to provide a complete, accurate transcription.


- page 17 -

EDITORIAL:
SAUCER NEWS COMBINES WITH "THE SAUCERIAN BULLETIN"

Readers of SAUCER NEWS will recall the long-standing feud between your Editor and Gray Barker, editor of "The Saucerian Bulletin." Recently, we had occasion to drop by the office of Mr. Barker in Clarksburg, West Virginia. A serious conversation was entered into between the two editors, and we became convinced of the reality of some of the perversions which Mr. Barker has, for many months, been loudly proclaiming in his size and elsewhere (including in his article for the June 1962 issue of SAUCER NEWS, now out of print.)

Taking cognizance of the situation existing in Clarksburg, we made to Mr. Barker a most generous offer, whereby we would combine his magazine with ours. Barker agreed to our terms, and the merger was formalized in a legal document dated February 24th, 1963.

All subsequent to the "Saucerian Bulletin" will have their subscriptions completed in full with issues of SAUCER NEWS. "Saucerian Bulletin" subscribers already on our own mailing list will have their SAUCER NEWS subscriptions extended according to the number of "Saucerian Bulletins" owed to them. Anyone dissatisfied with this arrangement may apply to us for a refund on the unused portion of his "Saucerian Bulletin" subscription; but we are confident that most people will be pleased with the new combined publication, and will want to continue receiving it.

As of now, SAUCER NEWS becomes the second oldest saucer periodical in the world - second only to "The A.P.R.O. Bulletin," published in Tucson, Arizona by Coral Lorensen. We are also the periodical of largest circulation - slightly under 14,000. This continues our determination, long expressed, to continue till "the last cup and saucer."

Ours is a regularly-scheduled magazine, published quarterly, in March, June, September and December of each year. Former readers of "The Saucerian Bulletin" can feel assured that they will be receiving four of our issues every year, and that all matters regarding subscriptions, renewals, etc., will be handled promptly by us.

In spite of the merger, our policy will remain the same as stated in our June 1962 issue. We believe that the flying saucer mystery is still unsolved. We believe that the explanatory explanation is the most likely, but that absolute proof is still lacking regarding the interplanetary theory or any other theory. As in the past, we will continue to express any viewpoint they wish, in their signed articles, whether or not these opinions agree with those of the editors. We do not endorse anyone's unproven claims or beliefs, but we are willing to air all sides of every question and every controversy related to the flying saucer mystery.

Mr. Barker has not retired from the saucer field. He will continue to publish saucer and occult books of various types from Clarksburg, and readers interested in these books should write directly to him - at P.O. Box 2228, Clarksburg, W. Va., - rather than to us. Barker's services will also be used by Mr. Barker as an Associate Editor, an article by Mr. Barker appears on Page 16 of this issue, and he will continue to contribute to our magazine in the future, insofar as his time allows.

Gray Barker began publishing his "Saucerian" back in 1953, - almost a full year before the first issue of our magazine, then called "Nexus." In spite of our differences throughout the years, we cannot help admiring Mr. Barker and the others pioneering through what seemed such a serious effort in bringing saucer information to the public in those early days. We are grateful to Mr. Barker for joining our SAUCER NEWS staff, and we feel that his efforts will help to make our magazine more interesting in the future than it has been in the past.


- page 18 -

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

I have just received your December and March issues of SAUCER NEWS and found them to be very interesting. The review of Albert K. Benderʼs book "Flying Saucers" and the Town well written. Keep up the good work.
GERALD BAMMANN
Brooklyn, New York

I have your two latest issues and enjoyed them very much. I admire you for printing the pro and the con from your mailbag, even though I disagree with your comparatively materialistic point of view on UFOʼs....
RILEY CRABB
Director, Borderland Sciences Research Associates
P.O. Box 548, Vista, California

Many thanks for sending the December and March issues of your magazine. I think it is certainly one of the few unbiased publications in this field today.
Congratulations on your wedding. She looks like a wonderful lady.
DR. FRANK E. STRANGE
Hollywood, California

It takes level-headed people like you to run a magazine such as SAUCER NEWS. In a subject where there is so much confusing evidence to sort out, a scientific approach is necessary. And I believe you have what it takes....You are pretty broad-minded and tolerant to print a letter by such a mystic as Richard Ogden. There are some minds that will accept an illusion as readily as a scientific fact. Ogden has such a mind...and it is such minds that become bemused by the nonsense about the Jews. Fountantly, these ideas about the Jews cancel each other out. For instance: All capitalists, or the ruling majority, are Jews. But it is the Jews who are promoting Communism! Does that make sense?
...if you have so much influence with Air Force Intelligence, it is because they send you as a sensible person. I wouldnʼt expect them to let Ogden into their base (at Wright-Patterson Field.)
ROGER FROMM
St. Paul, Minnesota

I received the December 1962 and March 1963 issues of SAUCER NEWS this week, in which were the two parts of my article entitled "A New Inquiry Into the Flying Saucer Mystery" Although your editing was not extensive, some of the changes you made were crucial and I would like to take this opportunity to clarify them. In Part One (the Dec. issue, Page 10), the edited sentence reads: "We are therefore at a crossroads in flying saucer research, and we must ask and answer this crucial question: Is the core of the saucer problem a real, external problem?" My original statement read: "Is the core of the saucer problem a real, external phenomenon?" By changing "phenomena" to "phenomenon," the sense of the statement has been made to imply that we are dealing solely with a psychological disorder on a collective scale, or some such thing. Actually, I was meant to convey the idea that transcends our three-dimensional world as the psychic component of experience continues.

In Part Two (the March issue, Page 12), you published this statement: "The lesson to be learned in all of this is that the saucer phenomena have a reality independent of them. And the fact that saucers exhibit a psy-


- page 19 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

4.

ohio component cannot be rationalized away." My actual statement read: "And the fact that it (i. e., the saucer phenomena) exhibits a psychic component cannot be rationalized away." Here you changed my "saucer phenomenon" which appears to indicate that the usual idea of what saucers are (i. e., aircraft or parts) have psychic phenomena associated with them. In truth, I leave that the saucers actually are, open, as the physio-psychic phenomenon which is experienced is not, in my view, the same as the reality behind the phenomenon. Outside of these mistakes, your perception was fine...
THOMAS M. COMELLA

Mr. Comella has written an objective analysis of the flying saucer mystery as it has developed within the past sixteen years... I think that he is familiar rather adequately with the situation, for I happen to be inclined to go along with him to a large extent...
ROBERT D. NULL
Maiden, North Carolina

It is perhaps true enough that conclusion jumping on the basis of insufficient evidence is a common practice in the UFO field, considering that apparently none of the UFO researchers active in the field are qualified for this type of work. But you are very wrong in thinking that no one really has the answer, or any real proof... There is an abundance of evidence in civilian channels, even allowing for a goodly margin of error, for any competent researcher to figure the whole thing out with reasonable accuracy.
As for Tom Comella, all he has in effect said in his two articles in the Dec. and March issues of SAUCER NEWS, is that he doesn't have the answer, and is unable to figure it out. Mr. Comella has no qualifications to speak on the subject of which he writes, and his statements are therefore merely his personal opinions, and nothing else....
PAUL W. HANNER
Chicago, Illinois

I didn't have to go far into Comella's articles to realize he would soon invoke the psychic. That's his privilege, of course, just as mine not to buy it. But he seems to go psychic for a pretty poor reason - apparently lack of saucer checkups during the past 16 years. "...for surely," he says, "such infallibility and perfection does not reside with mere humanity." Nonsense... in over 15 years of close association with aircraft and aviation, I have witnessed but two crashes. All others I've heard about and/or seen via news media. And I dare say that less than 1% of our entire population has ever seen an aircraft. Take away all their news sources and the public would doubtless believe that passing planes are mechanically perfect. But their opinions wouldn't make it so, would it?...
GEORGE W. EARLEY
Bloomfield, Connecticut

I have read your December and March issues with much interest. I can give yours to the Editor's section much praise. You have done a good job, particularly in the December issue, presenting equally both sides of the controversy regarding NICAP. After looking at my later which you published, I still believe that those things should have been said. However, you make the letter sound more "hateful" and "spiteful" than I actually felt toward you at the time. Perhaps you could tell your readers this....
STEVE BREMAN, St. Louis, Missouri


- page 20 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

5.

As a NICAP member, I am indeed surprised and quite disturbed to see so much friction between NICAP and SAUCER NEWS...NICAP has done more for civilian research than any other UFO group. Major Keyhoe, has done more to fight censorship and bring the truth to the public than any other person...

Regarding Timothy Green Beckley's letter in the March SAUCER NEWS, what does it matter if NICAP does file its reports in cardboard boxes? I throw my correspondence into a little drawer. Does this make me incompetent?...As for his claim that NICAP is abusing the privilege of using his material, I can say two things: First, NICAP has been extremely busy lately, and perhaps they have not had time to answer his letter, or perhaps they are not through using his material. Secondly, SAUCER NEWS in not the place to shed tears about this. Nobody is interested in Beckley's personal problems.

You are a contactee-lover and NICAP doesn't accept your favorite contactee claims, then they are extremists. NICAP has found nothing to substantiate the claims of the many contactees, but it has heard these people out...
LOUIS TRIFON
Plainview, New York

Regarding the Hart and Coleman letters in your December issue, Major Hart angrily denounces Keyhoe for attributing "a completely false heading to the Air Force news release of 6 February 1962" and then goes to say "it was a D.O.D. release..." This may be, but the AP dispatches reaching this area attributed the release to the Air Force and didn't list its official title, each newspaper providing its own. I rather imagine that it was a newspaper heading that NICAP quoted. Hart seems to be nit-picking here. As for the Coleman letter, the NICAP story clearly said that the quoted reference from AFM 190-1 "was contained in a letter to NICAP member Kurt Zeisig, after Zeisig's persistent queries about 'Flying Saucers and the U.S. Air Force...'" I cannot see how this squares with Coleman's assertion that "the quote from the manual has now been lifted out of context completely..." But then Major Coleman has a public record of deviousness. He "answered" a letter of mine published in "Flying" Magazine by talking all around the main issue I had raised...

Regarding Mr. Gribble's plaintive howl (in your Dec. issue) of "false charges and inaccurate reporting," nowhere in it do I see him offering any explanation for deliberately setting up and widely publicizing an "organization" which could be readily confused with NICAP. Mr. Gribble's "organization" has virtually the same title (he merely substituted "Commission" for "Committee"), and can be advertised to NICAP I can see no other conclusion than that this was done to deliberately confuse people. Furthermore, in the Oct. 14th, 1962 issue of the Seattle Times, Gribble's "organization" is described as listing "retired admirals, airline pilots, college professors and a former Air Force UFO investigator officer on its panel of special investigators." The similarity to NICAP's advisors is striking, is not? But unlike the men on NICAP's Board and Panel who freely identify themselves, Mr. Gribble, in an AP dispatch of Dec. 7th, 1962, "are reluctant to be identified? I rather suspect that this same AP dispatch was more accurate than it realized when it described Mr. Gribble as a "one-man data processing center" (emphasis added).
GEORGE W. EARLEY, Bloomfield, Connecticut

Congratulations. You picked a very fine, intelligent lady for your companion in life. May you be happy through the end of time. Best wishes to


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

6.

both of you. I hope to see you sometime in the future again, when I am up your way....

Regarding the fact that someone sent you a voodoo doll, I would not send you such a thing. I would not be that stupid, nor that low. My work is not to tear people down, but to uplift even the lowest carnivore. It possible. Ogden is the one who alerted me first about this, and the way he stated it in his letter to me, I thought you were claiming I had sent that doll to you. Then I received your SAUCER NEWS and found that you are not making any such claim....I would not be a fit human being if I did something like that, but I too have recently received letters threatening my life. Who is doing all this dirty work? I would like to know, wouldn't you? Someone must be thinking that you and I are getting together, for I have been accused of selling out to your side, and you know as well as I do that neither one of us has sold out to the other.

I wish there were more people like you, who come out in the open instead of hiding behind the written word. I believe that the debate you and I had on Long John's radio program was the finest get-together that anyone could have. We Let the public be the judge. But there are some people who wouldn't do anything like that, even if they were given the privilege.....I respect you far more than you perhaps realize.
GEORGE ADAMSKI
Vista, California

Here is the information you requested (March SAUCER NEWS, Page 14) concerning the moons of Mars, as given by Jonathan Swift in 1737 and as now known:

Number of Mars' Moons:                Swift   Actual
Distance from Mars' center, in terms
of Mars' diameter:                    2       2
Phobos:                               3       1.4
Deimos:                               5       3.5

Time for one revolution around Mars:
Phobos:                               10 hours   7 hrs., 39 min.
Deimos:                               21.5 hrs.  30 hrs., 18 min.

Swift was remarkably accurate in all three predictions regarding the moons of Mars, which he made 150 years before these moons were actually discovered by means of the telescope. He guessed the number exactly, he was close in guessing the periods, and, when you consider how far away these moons are from the Earth, he was quite close in his estimate of their distances from Mars. How he guessed so accurately, no one knows. One accurate guess can be passed off as coincidence, but to make three such guesses in a row is fantastical!
JUSTIN CASE
Bridgeton, New Jersey

You suggested in your book review (March SAUCER NEWS, Page 7) that anyone who knows what John Manas of the Pythagorean Society was talking about in his book "Flying Saucers and Space Men" should write to you and explain. This is exactly what I'm going to do here. When he speaks of "a spiritual substance which is permeated with the consciousness of the Creator of our Society," he means exactly the same thing as the Bible means when it states that "in Him I live and move and have our Being." "In Him" of course means in God. For all other is filled with God Substance. "We live in Him. There is no such thing as empty space..."
J.S. EVA JAIME, Connorsville, Indiana


- page 22 -

EDITORIAL NOTES

CONCERNING RENEWALS: A great amount of bookkeeping has become necessary due to our merger with "The Saucerian Bulletin." In addition, a fairly large cash sum had to be paid out to Mr. Barker (pictured at left) to convincing him to sell out. You can help us in renewing this promptly. If a renewal notice has been sent to you with this issue of SAUCER NEWS, please return it to us with your cash, check or money order as soon as you can, so that we may place your name immediately on our permanent mailing list. If you have received notice with this issue, but find the number "7" following your name on the envelope, this means that your subscription expires with the next issue. People in this latter category can help us by renewing not rather than waiting to be formally notified.

CONCERNING OUR PUBLIC MEETINGS: Public meetings of the Saucer and Unexoplained Celestial Events Research Society are held frequently, usually on the third Friday of each month. These meetings are under the auspices of our Discussion and Lecture Committee, of which SAUCER NEWS' Assistant Editor John J. Robinson is Chairman. On January 18th, Mr. Robinson gave a lecture on recent events in the flying saucer field, and on February 15th Daniel Soderlung gave a talk on "free energy."

As of March 1st, the untimely death of one of our associates caused our lecture hall to be moved from 303 Fifth Ave. to our present location, which is on the third floor of 108 West 56th St., New York City. On March 22nd, our first meeting at the new location was held, featuring a lecture on the Moon by Sandy Mosley. Our next lecture, on April 19th, is expected to be by Eugene Steinberg. The topic will be electromagnetic effects of flying saucers. - The editorial offices of SAUCER NEWS remain at 303 Fifth Ave., Room 1515. Special mailing list for lecture notices should write directly to John J. Robinson, 209 New York Ave., Jersey City, New Jersey.

CONCERNING OUR NEXT ISSUE: In all due modesty we feel that the issue of SAUCER NEWS which you are now reading is one of the most interesting we have ever produced; and with similar modesty, "we believe that the next one will be even better." On Page 19 you will find a complete account of a fascinating trip your Editor plans to make to an alleged Dero cave in New Mexico. This expedition, scheduled for early June, will be reported in full. Rich pictures - in our next issue, dated September, which you will be receiving exclusively three months from now. In addition, there will be our usual complete round-up of outstanding saucer reports and "Fortean" events from all over the world, sent to us by our many correspondents and our world-wide press clipping service facilities. Don't take a chance of getting onto our inactive list, in which case you might miss this issue. Due to the high costs involved, only enough copies will be printed to take care of the combined active mailing lists of SAUCER NEWS and "The Saucerian Bulletin." So please renew now if your subscription has expired.

CONCERNING BACK ISSUES OF SAUCER NEWS: You are now reading Issue


- page 23 -

At 9:15 the object was beginning to float slowly upwards and move off to the south, over a trackless area of lake and forest. It had entered the clouds and its light could now only be seen faintly. In another fifteen minutes it was out of sight. The radios were now tried again, and proved to work normally; the batteries were apparently not affected by the episode.

The four hunters bolted the cabin door and loaded all their guns before going to bed.

Before their return to New York, the party heard of three more UFO observations of that same day. On the 7th, Dawson called up his wife in Shawbridge (50 miles northeast of Montreal), using the Cine range telephone, to tell her about her unnerving experience the night before. On the afternoon of the 6th, numerous silvery specks had moved over Shawbridge-singly, in pairs, and in groups up to ten. Citizens watching on the ground had seen jets repeatedly attempt to catch these objects, which always put on a burst of speed and outdistanced the pursuing aircraft.

On Saturday the 9th, the hunters drove back to New York. Shortly before noon they passed through Plattsburg, N.Y. Here they heard the local radio station reporting that a Plattsburg citizen of the highest reputation had had his car stalled and its radio killed at 5 p.m. on the 6th by what proved, when he got out of the car, to be a silvery sphere hovering directly overhead. According to the radio, there had been several other reports of the same sort, but this one was especially impressive because the witness could not be suspected of hoax.

The four hunters stopped for lunch at Schroon Lake, 75 miles south of Plattsburg. Here they got into conversation with two State Troopers. Had the troopers seen anything on the evening of the 6th? They certainly had! A metallic-looking sphere had hovered for five or ten minutes directly over their barracks, and had stopped cars in Schroon Lake. The troopers had also talked to jet pilots from Plattsburg AFB, who (as at Shawbridge) had been up after the objects on that day, and who expressed themselves as being "just as glad that we couldn't catch up with them—we don't mind chasing bombers or fighters," they had said, "but we don't like to chase these damn saucers, because we don't know what they can do."

Mr. Jacobsen's mother told us that when he returned home, he was "shaken."

Upon reading this remarkable report, one might suspect a hoax; however, as far as Lex Mebane is concerned, such a possibility is totally out of the question. The veracity of Mr. Jacobsen is beyond doubt.


- page 24 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

#52 of our publication. Extra copies of most of our back issues are still available. These are listed below with a partial description of the contents of each. Those issues contain, in addition to the contents listed below, our text book reviews as well as full coverage of current saucer sightings and "Fortean" events such as ghost, monsters, etc. The price is 35 cents each or 3 for $1.00, unless otherwise stated. Please order by number. In case any number is sold out, we will make a substitution. A special price of only $10.00 will be given to readers who wish to order all available back issues. This represents a saving of $5.00, as there is a total of 39 issues at 3 for $1.00, plus two which cost $1.00 each.

#1 (July, 1954) - Rare first edition, selling for $1.00. Contains articles by James Moseley and saucer pioneers August C. Roberts and Dominick Lucchesi.

#2 (Aug., 1954) - Contains interesting accounts of a little-known saucer film taken in Africa, and of the activities of the now defunct club called Civilian Saucer Intelligence of New York.

#3 (Sept., 1954) - Contains one of the most important articles we have ever published, concerning a Lady in Miami who claims to have seen official government photographs of a crashed flying saucer from outer space.

#8 (Feb., 1955) - Contains a fascinating account of the strange events which have occurred in recent years in the vicinity of Mount Shasta, California.

#9 (March, 1955) - Contains an interesting article by FRANK SCULLY, author of "Behind the Flying Saucers."

#10 (April, 1955) - Contains an important article by the late DR. MORRIS K. JESSUP, author of several saucer books, whose mysterious death is still a subject of controversy.

#11 (May, 1955) - Contains an article by DESMOND LESLIE, co-author with George Adamski of "Flying Saucers Have Landed." Also contains the results of extensive research in extrasensory perception.

#12 (Aug.-Sept., 1955) - Contains outstanding articles by DR. M. K. JESSUP and DESMOND LESLIE, as well as a report on UFOs and levitation by John Bessor.

#17 (April-May, 1956) - Contains an interesting account of pre-World War II sightings by same researcher Frank Reid.

#18 (June-July, 1956) - A most important issue, containing James Moseley's now discovered "earth theory" solution to the flying saucer mystery.

#19 (Aug.-Sept., 1956) - Contains an interesting article entitled "UFO's and Unnatural Clouds," by Frank Reid.

#20 (Oct.-Nov., 1955) - Contains another documented account of pre-World War II sightings, by Frank Reid, and an article by the noted French saucer author Aime Michel.

#21 (Dec.-Jan., 1956-57) - Contains an article entitled "How to Separate Facts from Fiction," by Justin Case, a noted mechanical engineer and saucer researcher.

#22 (Feb.-March, 1957) - Contains an important report on attempts to build flying saucers here on earth, and also a report on the early problems of NICAP, written by DR. M. K. JESSUP.

#23 (April-May, 1957) - Contains an article entitled "Flying Saucer Research" by DR. M. K. JESSUP.

#24 (June-July, 1957) - Contains interesting articles by Justin Case and Dr. Leon Davidson, an atomic physicist who is also a noted saucer researcher.

#25 (Aug.-Sept., 1957) - Contains an expose of contactee George Hunt Williamson, written by Dr. N. Iben Aharon, an expert on ancient history.

#26 (Oct.-Nov., 1957) - Contains interesting articles by Justin Case and Richard Hall, Major Donald Keyhoe's assistant at NICAP.


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

#27 (October, 1957) - The SPECIAL ADAMSKI EXPOSE ISSUE, selling for one dollar. It contains a collection of several articles showing the fallacies in George Adamski's first two books, "Flying Saucers Have Landed" and "Inside the Spaceships." This is one of the most important issues we have published.

#28 (Dec.-Jan. 1957-58) - Contains the first in a series of articles by Y. N. ibn Aharon entitled "Extraterrestrial Manifestation as an Historical Doctrine." This series purports to prove that Jehova, the God of the Old Testament, was in reality a being from another planet.

#30 (April-May, 1958) - Contains two of the most important articles we have ever published. The first, by Ulbricht Von Rittner, gives the inside story of research on saucer-shaped craft in Germany during World War II; the second, by James Moseley, gives a complete account of the mysterious disappearance in 1953 of saucer researcher Karl Hunrath and Jack Wilkinson.

#31 (June-July, 1958) - Contains an outstanding article "Saucers and the Interplanetary Geophysical Year" by John Corman, an article called "Rationalism in Ufology" by Richard Hall, and another of Y. N. ibn Aharon's series on Extraterrestrialism.

#32 (Aug.-Sept., 1958) - Contains important articles by Dr. Leon Davidson and Y. N. ibn Aharon. There is also an article about NICAP by James Moseley.

#33 (Oct.-Nov., 1958) - Contains an outstanding article by Major Lawrence O. Tucker of the U.S. Air Force, plus a fascinating account of a crashed UFO, written by noted researcher Bob Barry.

#34 (Dec.-Jan. 1958-59) - Contains an expose of Otis T. Carr, written by NICAP member Robert Durant, plus another of Y. N. ibn Aharon's series on Extraterrestrialism.

#35 (Feb.-March, 1959) - Contains outstanding articles by Tom Comella and Dr. Leon Davidson, plus an expose of George Hunt Williamson written by noted saucer researcher Michael Mann, together with James Moseley.

#36 (June, 1959) - This most important issue contains a detailed expose of Gray Barker, written by the noted amateur astronomer Lonzo Dove.

#37 (Sept., 1959) - Contains an article by Bob Barry called "The Case of the Mysterious Airplane Crash," plus outstanding articles by Michael Mann.

#38 (Dec., 1959) - Contains an important article by MAJOR DONALD KEYHOE, and an article by Frank Reid entitled "The Aerial Phenomena of Earthquakes."

#39 (March, 1960) - Contains interesting articles by Michael Mann and Justin Case, plus an article by Y. N. ibn Aharon entitled "How to Build a Saucer?"

#40 (June, 1960) - Contains an important article by noted saucer researcher Lee Munsick, plus a review of one of George Williamson's books, by Y. N. ibn Aharon.

#41 (Sept., 1960) - This outstanding issue contains a long report on the 1960 Giant Rock saucer convention by James Moseley, with many photographs.

#42 (Dec., 1960) - Contains an important article by Y. N. ibn Aharon and an article by Justin Case.

#43 (March, 1961) - Contains an important scientific UFO article by David Hightman, editor of the outstanding British saucer magazine "Uranus."

#44 (June, 1961) - Contains an interesting article on extrasensory perception by Justin Case, plus an article by our Associate Editor Melvyn Stiriss.

#45 (Sept., 1961) - Contains a very interesting account of an unexplained plane crash by saucer researcher Max Miller, former editor of "Saucers."

#46 (Dec., 1961) - Contains the first half of an unusually interesting article by the famous naturalist and saucer researcher IVAN SANDERSON.

#47 (March, 1962) - Contains the conclusion of the above-mentioned article by


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

10.

IVAN SANDERSON, and a well-documented article by Lonzo Dove entitled "Mu-
nands and the Mars Saucer Cycle." (Sept., 1962) - Contains a long and very important article by James Mose-
ley concerning his exclusive interview with the head of the Air Force UFO
project at Wright-Patterson Field, in Dayton, Ohio.

#50 (Dec., 1962) - Contains the first half of an interesting article by Tom
Comella, called "A New Inquiry Into the Flying Saucer Mystery." Also in-
cluded is a long exclusive report on the recent saucer "flap" in South
America.

#51 (March, 1963) - Contains the conclusion of the above-mentioned article by
Tom Comella, plus a wealth of recent saucer sightings from around the
world.

THE OLDEN MOORE STORY
- by G. W. Fitch -

In the September 1962 issue of SAUCER NEWS, Mr. Moseley gave a long account of his interview with Lt. Col. Robert J. Friend, chief of the Air Force's UFO investigation center at Wright-Patterson Field, Dayton, Ohio.

In this article, on Page 13, Mr. Moseley stated: "The conversation came around, at one point, to Thomas Olden Moore, a gentleman (name known to me) who made an important and apparently truthful sight-
ing during the 1957 "flap." Later he began claiming that, as a result of his sighting, he was taken to Washington and detained involuntarily for three days of questioning. He made these statements to friends and eventually on tape, and this tape was sent to a larger circle of saucer enthusiasts. According to Col. Friend, the Air Force went to interview this man and ask him politely about these wild claims. The fellow admitted in private that they were not true. Apparently he had merely strayed from home for a few days and needed a good story to tell his wife."

Then, the story had "snowballed" from there.

It is my purpose in this article to set the record straight. As Mr. Moseley and I both know, the name of the gentleman in question is Olden Moore. As recounted in many newspapers at the time (and in the February-March 1958 issue of SAUCER NEWS, now out of print), Moore made a very close sighting of a flying saucer. The date was November 6th, 1957 - right at the height of the well-remembered 1957 "flap." Moore, then living in Lake County, Ohio, was driving his car along Route 86, near Montville, when he noticed what he at first took to be a bright shooting star or meteor moving rapidly across the sky from right to left in front of him.

Said Moore (as quoted in one of the local newspapers): "The object stopped when it got to the center of my side of the windshield, and then it split into two pieces. One part of it went upward. The part that remained then seemed brighter than ever. As I kept watching this 'star,' I kept getting brighter and bigger. I decided to pull my car off the road onto a side road, and I got out to take a look. The thing seemed to be headed straight at the car. As it approached, its color changed from a bright white to a green haze, and then to a blue-green color, as it stopped about 200 feet in the air above me until it started to settle slowly to the ground. Then I noticed a whirling sound, some like the electric motor on the side of my house, only a little deeper in tone."

Moore had walked about half the distance between the road and landed UFO when he stopped and decided that he would go back to


- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

return to the spot with witnesses, as no one would believe him otherwise. He
could find no one else on the highway at the time, however. He went home to
get his wife, and returned to the spot with her, but by that time the object
was gone.

Moore said that the UFO was about 50 feet in diameter, disc-shaped,
and about 15 feet thick, with a cone on the top, making its over-all
height between 20 and 30 feet. It was surrounded by a blue-green haze, like a
fog, and the color pulsated slowly. Alternating between bright and dim. The
moon was unusually bright that night, and it was the moonlight that made it
possible for him to distinguish the object itself from the haze. The UFO had a
surface like mirrored sunglasses, but no windows or portholes of any kind.

County officials were notified of the sighting the following day, and
Lake County Civil Defense Director Kenneth Locke rushed to the scene. Said
he, as quoted in a local newspaper at the time: "There were prints in the
field one and a half inches deep and holes in the ground like those made by
spiked shoes." He said that there were six prints in all, "coming from nowhere
and going nowhere." He and Lt. Reineck, assistant to the head of the Ohio 5th
Area Civil Defense, returned to headquarters to get a geiger counter. "When we
came back," said Mr. Locke, "we got a reading of approximately 150 roentgens
in the center of the area, tapering off to about 20 or 30 roentgens at the
perimeter." Waiting a few hours, Locke and Reineck took another reading in the
same area. This time the meter showed only 20 or 25 roentgens in the center
and no reading at all at the perimeter. Locke concluded: "Sounds like they
been here, since this indicated that the reaction on the geiger counter was
not caused by minerals in the ground."

Drawings of the UFO were made from Moore's description, and were
widely published at the time. The sketch below, however, is Moore's own original drawing, which he gave to me, and is published here for the first time.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a disc-shaped UFO with a conical top is included]


- page 28 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

12.

The saucer is the darkened area within the geometric construction lines Moore used to draw it. Moore's signature is at the bottom.

Moore moved from Ohio to New York in the Fall of 1962, and has resumed his trade is a plasterer. I have lost contact with him since then, but I was among the first to interview him after his sighting in November 1957, and after the initial excitement died down, I visited him many times during the period from 1957 to mid-1962. He had never believed in nor been interested in matters pertaining to UFO's before his sighting; but from that time on, he was very much interested. On numerous occasions I sat with him in his kitchen and discussed the details of his sighting, and I acquainted him with sightings made by others. I used to bring articles and magazines on the saucer subject, and we became good friends. I can definitely state that I got to know him well enough to form a respect for him as a religious and truthful man. He just wasn't the kind to make up or fabricate stories of any sort. He was very active in church work and spent many of his evenings in that manner.

A few months after his sighting, Moore confided in me about having been flown to Washington and interviewed there for two days and returned home on the third. He said then that I was the first person he had told about it. Three men in particular figured in the pictures. He recalled their last names and gave them to me. Naturally, these could have been assumed names. In any case, I later passed this information on to NICAP to see if they could identify or locate any of the three. NICAP was not successful, so I had to abandon this particular approach in my efforts to authenticate Moore's story.

However, Moore did identify certain buildings in Washington - one in particular, which he said was a block-long Esso station. There were several stops for gas made by the Air Force car in which he was being driven around the city. About two years ago, while in Washington myself, I had a friend of mine take pictures of this particular gas station and other adjoining buildings. When I showed the pictures to Olden Lateo, he quickly identified the Esso station and the building opposite it as two of those he had been in while there. Moore had never been to Washington before in his life, but he remembered stopping in this exceptionally large gas station. I learned that it was the only one of its kind in the city, so he wasn't mistaken. The building opposite the Esso station turns out to be the United States Court House, which faces on Constitution Ave., and extends between 3rd and 4th Streets. It is shown in the picture herewith, one of the photos taken by my friend.

The Esso station in question is right across the street of the military officers stay-ed with him every minute he was in Washington - even sleeping in the same room with him at night. They never let him out of their sight. They dined with him in a private restaurant in the same building where he was housed. He was well treated and afforded every courtesy, and he had no complaint on that score.

The military officers, after questioning him about his sighting at considerable length, on several occasions, showed him some slides, projected on a screen. These

[The text continues but is cut off at the bottom of the page]

Photograph description: A large government-style building with multiple columns and windows, appearing to be located in Washington D.C., with some trees and a street in the foreground.


- page 29 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

13.

slides were of various UFO still photographs. They even ran off a UFO movie film, which had apparently been taken from inside a military plane. Moore said he was told that about 30% of the UFO's on which they had information, were of the type with a pointed dome, such as the one he had seen.

After being shown these slides and motion pictures, Moore was asked to sign papers (with witnesses) signifying that he would not reveal the fact that he had been shown this evidence of the existence of UFOs. Moore told me that he asked where these objects are from. He was told by the military officials that they are not ours or Russia's, and that they must therefore be from another planet, coming into our atmosphere from outer space. He was also told that the public has not been informed about this because the Military themselves do not yet have all the answers.

At my request, Moore even told me exactly how he was taken to Washington. But in order to give you the whole story correctly in sequence, I must explain the heretofore unpublished fact that he was taken on another trip first. Here is exactly what happened:

On Sunday evening, November 10th, 1957, Geauga County Sheriff Louis Robusky, accompanied by a deputy and an Air Force lieutenant who stated he was from Youngstown (Ohio), called on Moore at his home. Sheriff Robusky told Moore that the Air Force representatives wished to question him about his sighting and wanted to have him accompany them to Youngstown for that purpose. He added that he felt it was Moore's duty as a citizen to do as they requested. Moore agreed to go, and asked how long he would be away. They informed him he would be back home later that same evening. Moore got in the car with them, and they drove him back to the very same field where he had seen the UFO land. The whole experience was so unusual that he became frightened. When they arrived at the field there was an Army or Air Force helicopter waiting for them. Moore said that two Air Force men accompanied him to Youngstown. On arrival at the airfield there, he was escorted to a nearby building and questioned at some length about his sighting. Then he was flown in the same helicopter back to the field from which he had been taken, and he arrived home about 11 p.m.

On the following Sunday, November 17th, at about 6 p.m., an Air Force car with two officers in it came to Moore's home. This time he was informed by one of the officers that they wanted him to go to Washington for two or three days of questioning, and he was asked to pack a grip. They said they would return for him in an hour, and promptly at 7 p.m. they did return. The car drove to a waiting plane in which the pilot was already at the controls. The plane touched down at Wright-Patterson Field in Dayton, and dropped off one of the officers. It picked up another Air Force officer at the same time, and then took off for Washington, arriving there at an unidentified (to Moore) airport later that night. An official car then drove him to the downtown building where he was housed throughout his stay there. Two or three days later, Moore was flown back home via Youngstown.

Olden said that after it was all over, he lay in bed many times before going to sleep at night, and wondered why the Government had selected him to take to Washington for questioning. I told him that I call such things secrecy.

It was not Olden who first "leaked" the information about his having gone to Washington. While he was away, his wife told a friend on the telephone that her husband was in the Capital, being questioned about his UFO experience. This friend told others, and the newspapers and other news media picked the story up. Moore later admitted having gone to Washington, but according to what he told me, he always stopped questioning at that point by


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

14.

[Illustration caption: "They're gone to so much trouble digging up the stuff, didn't have the heart to tell 'em that it was nothing more than a weather balloon"]

simply stating that he had been sworn to secrecy as to what had happened there.

In March of 1959, Mrs. Moore sent me a postcard, saying that they had recently had another visit - this time by two men from Wright-Patterson Field, and that she would tell me more about it if I cared to come over. I went to see the Moores, and on that occasion Olden told me that a saucer researcher named Dan Haber had come to him and had convinced him to make a tape recording about his saucer experience.

Moore had made the tape to please Haber, and the latter had apparently proceeded to circulate the tape and even sent a copy of it to the Air Force. It was because of this tape that the two officers from Wright-Patterson visited Moore. This official visit, rather than the earlier ones, is probably the one which entered into the discussion between Mr. Moseley and Col. Friend.

In any case, these officers from Wright Field told Olden that what he had undoubtedly seen, back in November 1957, was a giant fireball. They said that on rare occasions these huge fireballs were seen for periods of very short duration before disappearing or vanishing from sight. Moore's wife was convinced. From this conversation that was had, Olden was indeed a fireball, but Olden told me that while he let the officers think they had convinced him, they didn't change his mind one bit. He told me "I know he saw a solid object that night, because I was close enough to it to see the reflection of the moonlight on the object's mirror-like surfaces. It wasn't any fireball."

It is entirely possible that Col. Friend is unaware of the events that took place at the time of Moore's sighting - simply thinking he knew all the answers - perhaps accurately told Mr. Moseley what little he did know about the matter. Or, perhaps an inaccurate version of the case had been given to him by someone else. From my personal knowledge of Olden Moore, one thing is certain. Either Col. Friend was ignorant of Moore's visit to Washington or else he withheld the real facts from Moseley. There is no doubt in my mind that Olden Moore is telling the truth!

THE MYSTERY OF THE DISAPPEARING PLANES
by Sandy Moseley

Readers of Major Donald Keyhoe's book "The Flying Saucer Conspiracy" will recall his description of the amazing case of the disappearance of five Navy planes off the coast of Florida on December 5th, 1945. This disappearance has been called one of the greatest and most incredible mysteries in the history of manned flight. Recently the story has been told in more detail in a fascinating article appearing in the April 1962 issue of "The American Legion Magazine." It is from the latter source that the following article has been condensed.

On December 5th, 1945, a flight of five TBM Avenger bombers took off on a routine patrol flight from the U.S. Naval Air Station at Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The weather was clear, and flying conditions were almost ideal. The flight leaders, planes carried a crew of two, while the remaining four car died three men each. All of these fourteen men had flight and navigation experience ranging from as little as thirteen months to as much as six years. The planes were expected to make a triangular patrol, flying east for about 160 miles, north for 40 miles, and then back to Fort Lauderdale.


- page 31 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

return to the spot with witnesses, as no one would believe him otherwise. He could find no one else on the highway at the time, however. He went home to get his wife, and returned to the spot with her, but by that time object was gone.

Moore said that the UFO was about 50 feet in diameter, disc-shaped, and about 15 feet thick, with a cone on the top, making its over-all height between 20 and 30 feet. It was surrounded by a bluish-green haze, like a fog, and the color pulsated slowly, alternating between bright and dim. The moon was unusually bright that night, and it was the moonlight that made it possible for him to distinguish the object itself from the haze. The UFO had a surface like mirrored sunglasses, but no windows or portholes of any kind.

County officials were notified of the sighting. The following day, and Lake County Civil Defense Director Kenneth Locke rushed to the scene. Said he, as quoted in a local newspaper at the time: "There were prints in the field one and a half inches deep and holes in the ground like those made by spiked shoes." He said that there were six prints in all, becoming from nowhere and going nowhere. He and Lt. Reineck, assistant to the head of the Ohio 5th Area Civil Defense, returned to headquarters to get a geiger counter. "When we came back," said Mr. Locke, "we got a reading of approximately 150 roentgens in the center of the area, tapering off to about 20 or 30 roentgens at the perimeter. Waiting a few hours, Locke and Reineck took another reading in the same area. This time the meter showed only 20 or 25 roentgens in the center and no reading at all at the perimeter. Locke coincided, "Something must have been here, since this indicated that the reaction on the geiger counter was not caused by minerals in the ground."

Drawings of the UFO were made from Moore's description, and were widely published at the time. The sketch below, Moore's original drawing, which he gave to me, and is published here for the first time.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a disc-shaped UFO with a conical top is included, signed by "Eldon J. Moore"]


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

15.

The flight took off at 2 pm. At 3:45 they were expected to call the tower for landing instructions, but the message received at that time was anything but a routine one. "This is an emergency," it said in part; and even with radio distortion, there was an unnerving fear noticeable in the flight leader's voice. When asked for his position, he radioed: "We are not sure of our position....We can't be sure where we are.....How long? I don't know." It was as if some a bearing of due west, the flight leader replied, "We cannot be sure which way is west. We cannot be sure of any direction....Everything is wrong..."

By that time the sun was nearing the western horizon, and it was incredible that these five planes could not find west, even if they had been depending only on visual observation. For the next forty minutes the tower heard the planes telling by radio to each other. Apparently none of the five had any idea of their position. The overhead conversations showed increasing signs of fear and hysteria growing among the five pilots. Then, with no prior warning, the flight leader abruptly turned over the flight command to another plane. This in itself was a most unusual act, and showed a desperately grave emergency of some sort.

At about 4:15, the control tower received its last message from the flight. It said, "We are not certain where we are.....Must be about 225 miles northeast of base.....Looks like we are....." The message broke off at that point.

Immediately thereafter, a Martin flying boat with full rescue equipment and a crew of thirteen men was dispatched to search for the missing flight. It gave several routine radio reports, and then lapsed into silence. Neither this plane nor the original five Avenger bombers were ever heard from again, nor was any sign of them ever found, in spite of one of the largest air and sea rescue searches in American history! The aircraft carrier Solomons was sent to the area, and by mid-afternoon of the next day, many ships and over 300 planes had joined the operation. Not a single item of wreckage or debris from any of the six lost planes was seen!

The Navy, after an exhaustive investigation of the incident, in which a total of 27 lives had been lost, was unable to come up with any solution. Their report stated: "We are not even able to make a good guess as to what happened."

A little over two years later, on January 29th, 1948, a similar incident occurred in the same area, involving a four-engined commercial airliner belonging to the British South American Airways Company. 34

[Cartoon caption: "You think I'm abominable? You should see my wife."]


- page 33 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

16.

passengers and six crew members were on board this flight, en route to Kings-
ton, Jamaica. The weather was clear and mild. At 10:30 p.m., a routine report
was made to the control tower at Bermuda. This was the last message ever re-
ceived from the huge airliner. No trace was ever found indicating a crash into
the sea or elsewhere; and no wreckage, oil slick or debris of any kind was
ever located. The big plane with its 40 occupants had simply vanished!

About a year later, on January 17th, 1949, an eight plane, also
belonging to the British South American Airways Company, was added to the mys-
tery list. This too was a four-engined airliner, en route to Jamaica, carrying
seven crew members and 13 passengers. The plane took off at 7:30 a.m. from
Bermuda, in excellent weather. At 8:15 there was a routine radio report, and
then silence. As in the other cases, the aircraft disappeared completely from
the face of the earth.

The British Ministry of Aviation made a thorough investigation of
these two incidents, similar to the investigation that the U.S. Navy had made
regarding our six military aircraft. The conclusion drawn by the board of in-
quiry was that the planes were presumed lost at sea, although no actual sub-
stantiation of this could be found.

Many people have speculated as to the nature of the strange phe-
nomenon which occasionally envelops aircraft flying in the semitropical area
off the Florida coast. Commercial pilots are reluctant to discuss the matter
with outsiders, and even more unwilling to have their names used in regard to
whatever opinions they might express. To admit that something may be going on
beyond the ranges of present human knowledge, is to be branded a crackpot and
perhaps lose one's license. But many pilots agree, in private, that there may
be an unstable aberration in the atmosphere, - some sort of hole in the sky
that planes fly into and can't get out of. Perhaps the missing aircraft are
somehow shoved into the past, or into the future, or into another dimension,
through some means as yet totally unknown to science.

The most chilling story of all, in support of the above theory,
concerns a private pilot in Ohio who recently had an almost incredible experien-
ence. According to "The American Legion Magazine," this pilot was flying
through clouds one day when he suddenly came upon another aircraft and almost
collided with it. He banked hard to avoid the collision, but his wing-tip nev-
ertheless scraped the other plane, which was a strange-looking canvas-and-
wood job obviously of pre-World War I vintage. The pilot of the ancient air-
plane was wearing a leather flying hat and goggles, as was the custom in those
early days. His aircraft flew on, not seriously damaged, and disappeared again
into the clouds. The Ohio pilot flew home and made a report of the incident.
But there was no record that any such aircraft was in the vicinity at the
time, or even that such a plane existed. In other words, the near-disaster occurred with a plane that apparently didn't exist!

Then, according to the story, an old plane just like the one de-
scribed by the modern pilot, was found a month or so later under a stack of
hay in a barn where it had apparently been sitting abandoned for many years.
Inside the pilot's pouch was a log book, and one of the last entries in the
log was a description of a near-disaster with a weird silver airplane. The log
book was turned over to a government agency, which found it to be authentic
and over 40 years old. The old airplane was also checked, and sure enough,
there was a long scrape along one side of it, just where the log narrative
said the plane had been hit. There were traces of paint and aluminum in the
scrape, and when these were analyzed, they matched perfectly with the modern
plane!

The whole incident has been investigated by the Civil Aeronautics
Board. The CAB thinks it's a hoax, but they can't find any way to explain it


- page 34 -

Here is the text from the document:

2 ¢ The Indianapolis Times
Wednesday, Nov. 6, 1957

Sputnik II
Spotted
Upstate

Upstate Hoosier "moon watchers" reported today they got a clear view of Sputnik II racing across the sky half an hour before sunrise today.

Early reports came from Goshen and Hammond where bright light flashed from southwest to northeast at about 5:47 a. m. (Indianapolis time). The exact moment when the Smithsonian Institute had announced it would be visible.

SEVERAL Goshen residents reported seeing a bright white light heading southwest to northeast at terrific speed. The Naval Research Laboratory in Washington had announced previously that Sputnik II signals might be picked up at Des Moines at that moment.

In the department of unidentified flying objects, too, Hoosiers got into the act overnight.

At Newcastle a group en route home from a high school basketball game reported last night a flying object which "looked like a big meat platter" hovered over their automobiles.

Mrs. Jasper Barlow, New Lisbon, said she and her two children, David and Sylvia, were driving home from a game between Straughn and Mt. Summit when their attention was attracted. She said in the party, including one in Wisehart, assistant basketball coach at Straughn, was riding, stopped while the frightened occupants gazed at the object.

MRS. BARLOW said the object had a "big light" on the bottom that flickered on and off. The object hung motionless above the car and made no noise. David said it was close enough to hit with a BB gun.

Finally the object moved away, trailed by at least two smaller objects, Mrs. Barlow said.


- page 35 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

or negate the evidence. The pilot in question is known to be of good character, and thus far the investigation has upheld his version of the story.

Here, then, is a possible clue to the disappearance of the six American and two British airplanes. Many people have long believed that time is not the simple, constant-flowing quantity we assume it to be. If the past and present somehow met in this strange collision in Ohio, perhaps similar events happen occasionally for reasons as yet unknown to us. Perhaps too, the flying saucers so often seen during the past several years are our own descendants coming back to take a look at their ancestors. Fantastic? Of course! but fantastic events need bold theories to explain them. Presumably, we will now all in the coming days of 1957 Till then, we can only sit back and speculate, and wonder at the frightening gaps that still exist in human knowledge.

IMPORTANT NOTICE

Because of our merger with "The Saucerian Bulletin," errors in our files are inevitable. Please note whether your name and address are spelled correctly on the envelope in which you receive this issue. Also, if you have received two issues at different addresses, or if you have been sent a renewal notice prematurely, or if you find any other irregularity, please notify us as soon as possible.

As for our mailing address, it remains P. O. Box 163, Fort Lee, N. J. Our editorial offices are at Room 1615, 303 Fifth Ave., New York, N.Y., but mail sent to the New Jersey post office box will reach us more quickly and therefore be answered more promptly. Once again we wish to state that Gray Parker's address remains P. O. Box 2228, Clarksburg, West Virginia. Please write to him in regard to the books he is selling, and to us only in regard to SAUCER NEWS and "The Saucerian Bulletin."

ARE YOU ON OUR SPECIAL NEWSLETTER MAILING LIST? Since December, 1955, irregularly-issued Confidential Newsletters have been SAUCER NEWS subscribers who want to be on the inside of the strange and baffling behind-the-scenes events in saucer research. Any SAUCER NEWS subscriber in good standing can be placed on the special Newsletter mailing list for an indefinite period of time. For the price of only one dollar. These Newsletters usually contain material that we consider "too hot to handle" in the regularly-scheduled issues of our magazine. It is not possible to know in advance when a "hot" story will come our way; and although no Newsletter have been published for several months, your dollar will entitle you to receive the three most recent ones immediately by first-class mail.

SAUCER NEWS is published quarterly by the Saucer and Unexplained Celestial Events Research Society (S.A.U.C.E.R.S.). Editor: James W. Moseley; Assistant Editor: John J. Robinson; Managing Editor: Ted Hunt; Overseas Editor: Bryan Essenhigh; Associate Editors: Gray Barker, Gladys Fusaro, Sandy Moseley and Melvin Stiriss. Subscription price: $2.00 for six quarterly issues.


- page 36 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

18.

THE END OF AN ERA
- by Gray Barker -

In September, 1953, a new type of publication appeared. It presumed to report on sightings of flying saucers, and was called "The Saucerian". The first three issues were cranked out on a hand ditto machine by the editor. Since the ditto process will print only about 200 copies clearly, that was the limit of circulation. Soon, people, by some way or another, heard of the publication and subscribed to it. The subsequent last soon grew so that we were forced to have offset printed editions made, at great expense. Circulation continued to grow until the present total of around 1, 500 was reached.

"The Saucerian" (later called "The Saucerian Bulletin") always operated at a great financial loss. In the early days these losses were made up by putting in funds from my theatre film booking business. Later, when I gave up most of my theatre accounts in order to spend more time at "saucering," "The Saucerian" was supported by the sale of books about flying saucers.

In the past three years a great new interest has almost obsessed me - that of bringing out hard cover and paper cover books which tell the saucer story far more completely than can brief articles in small magazines.

For some time, "The Saucerian" has been published most irregularly. Although subscriptions were sold with the full understanding to the subscriber that it was an irregularly published magazine, the lack of frequency of publication did annoy a great many subscribers, with good reason. With my increasing interest in the publication of New Age books, I had very little time to publish just sighting and related magazine. Due to ever-increasing costs, I knew I could not always afford to publish the money-losing venture and still be able to bring out the more important works.

Lately a number of happenings which may have been persecutions (although I certainly cannot prove it), have led me to feel that I should concentrate on book publication.

Some time ago, James W. Moseley, hearing of some of my difficulties, offered to combine "The Saucerian Bulletin" with his SAUCER NEWS, and to fill all of our subscriptions with this combined publication. He also assured me that SAUCER NEWS would continue, even though a great many other saucer zines were suspending publication. He also invited me to become an associate editor with active participation in the supplying of material to the magazine, although we agreed that I would not have the responsibility of forming policy.

Although Moseley and I had had a great many differences of opinion and a "feud" in our publications, I respected him as a capable editor, especially since, in the past two years, his editorial policy has become more sensible and liberal. I had thought of combining my publication with some other in order to give "The Saucerian Bulletin" greater strength and the particular strength of perpetuation, but frankly SAUCER NEWS was the only regularly published saucer magazine I felt could continue indefinitely. Mr. Moseley is apparently financially able to continue his publishing at great losses, and intends to do so.

Recently when Mr. Moseley dropped by Clarksburg, we talked this matter over further, and when I was assured, both by belief and by legal documents, that the combination of the two magazines would be advantageous to my subscribers, I decided, finally, to cease publishing "The Saucerian Bulletin" as a separate magazine. I believe that you will find SAUCER NEWS combined with "The Saucerian Bulletin" the best flying saucer magazine available today. I shall attempt to help Mr. Moseley continue to make it so.

With the cessation of "The Saucerian Bulletin" as a separate entity.


- page 37 -

ty, we have reached the end of an era. It has been a decade of great satis-
faction.

But I feel that a new era has begun. I feel it is my mission in
the saucer field to publish full-length books. About the subject. Books are
naturally more complete than periodicals, and carry a respect that mere maga-
zines cannot.

Since we began our publishing "activities in the book field, we
have brought you "From Outer Space to You" by Howard Menger "Doctor from
Lhasa," by T. Lobsang Rampa. "My Contact with Flying Saucers" by Dino Kraspe-
don; and "The Sky People" by Brinsley Le Poor Trench.

Now that the responsibility of producing "The Saucerian Bulletin"
rests on other very capable shoulders, a great weight has been lifted from me,
and I can go ahead at deeper and more meaningful UFO publishing. Mr. Moseley
has consented to insert a list of my various books into each issue of his
magazine so that you will be familiar constantly with my work.

RECENT NEWS STORIES

SAUCER NEWS EDITOR JOINS EXPEDITION TO NEW MEXICO CAVE: Not long
ago we received a letter from Mr. R. L. Dobbins, a resident of Magdalena, New
Mexico. In it he describes a most unusual expedition he has planned for early
June. He has invited your Editor to become a member. The letter from Mr. Dob-
bins reads in part:

"There is a strange cave somewhere near this locale. Two discs the
size of car headlights have been seen coming from the cave each night, and go-
ing upward out of sight. Two unusual small doors have also been seen, back a
few feet, in the mouth of the cave. At the cave entrance, there is a hole
about twenty feet in diameter and two hundred feet deep. When the members of
the last expedition descended to a depth of twenty feet, there was such an ef-
fect upon the spine that no one was able to go down any further. Each individ-
ual's hair stood straight up and stayed that way until out of the cave. There
is something down there in the way of life. I have never seen a Dero, but I
would not be shocked if I were to see one....."

Mr. Dobbins goes on explain that members of the expedition will
be restricted to six. A five-day hike is anticipated. We have been assured
that we will be allowed to take photographs of whatever is seen, and to write
up the story fully for SAUCER NEWS Afterwards. The whole story of this fasc-
nating trip will be told in the forthcoming September issue of our magazine.
Don't miss it!

EXCLUSIVE REPORT ON SOUTH AMERICAN SAUCER "FLAP": As announced in
our two previous issues, a continuing saucer "flap" seems to be taking place
in South America, while things here in the United States are relatively quiet.
Due to our exclusive South American press clipping service, we are able to
keep you up to date, even though practically no mention of the South American
sightings has been made in U.S. papers. Here are the latest reports, translat-
ed by our Staff from Spanish-language newspapers:

On the night of January 30th, more than a dozen people in Ica,
Peru, saw a bright-white luminous object traverse the sky. It was visible for
a period of five to ten minutes. Other sightings were made during January in
San Juan and other parts of Peru.

Flying saucers seen near Parana, Argentina, in January, are said
to have caused a shower of glass-like particles, which fell from the sky like
rain. Some of these strange particles were kept for analysis, and were found
to contain calcium, magnesium, and several other minerals.


- page 38 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

20.

In Asun-
cion, Paraguay,
a sighting was
made on early
February by
a student named
Anastaclo Lemya,
who saw a UFO
land in the
sports field of
a local school.
Saucer sight-
ings were also
made by several
other residents,
including a
high official
of the Ministry
of the Interior, who saw a UFO go by at high velocity.

Five photos of a UFO were taken in quick succession by Adolfo del Valle Rivero, an engineering student living in Tucuman, Argentine. Two of the pictures (too poor in quality to reproduce here) were published in the February 15th edition of "La Gaceta," a Tucuman newspaper. The pictures were developed right in the newspaper, and do not appear to be faked. They show what Rivero described as a saucer flying at relatively low speed at a distance of a half mile or so from the camera.

A very strange occurrence is reported in the February 5th edition of the same newspaper. A farmer named Ricardo Lopez, who lives a few miles from Tucuman, reported having found on his property two circles about ten feet in diameter. These are shown in the illustrations above. (The dimensions are in meters. One meter is about equal to one yard.) Lopez took reporters to the scene, and it was found that the grass had been pressed down and subjected to intense heat in the white areas shown in the diagram - as if some giant iron had been placed on top of it. It was calculated that a temperature of over 2,000 degrees must have been present, as the grass and soil were affected to a depth of several inches. However, there was no evidence of actual fire. It was also calculated that the circles had been made about two weeks before being discovered by the farmer. No explanation for them could be found.

In and around Arica, the northwest city of Chile, a great many sightings were made during January. On the night of January 23rd, a truck traveling with ten passengers from Chapiquin to Arica was halted by a huge blue ball of fire which seemed to be coming straight toward it. The passengers in the rear of the cabin, where those in the cabin remained where they were. The UFO came to a stop at low altitude precisely over the truck. The witnesses described the object as being cigar-shaped, with a visible cabin and with flames coming out from the tail.

On January 28th, a large number of people in the city of Arica were panicked by a group of UFO's "with dark cabins," which were hanging motionless over the town at low altitude. That same night, a truck traveling between Mamina and Iquique, driven by a former officer of the Chilean Air Force, came upon two flying saucers which remained stationary above the vehicle for a period of more than ten minutes.

About January 29th, a saucer was photographed by an Arica merchant named Gino Rossi. This photo is reproduced at the top of the next page.


- page 39 -

Here is the text from the document:

The UFO appeared visually as a luminous object with a tail of some sort. The picture, taken at an exposure of five seconds, makes the UFO look much longer than it actually was, due to the object's movement during the time of exposure.

NEWS BRIEFS: In Piove di Sacco, Italy, a young painter named Mario Salussio claimed last February to have photographed a flying saucer and one of its occupants. He says he was walking along through snow-covered woods when he saw a huge, round luminous object, near which was standing a man in an outfit which appeared to be made of cellophane. Salussao took four pictures. Unfortunately, we have not seen any of these pictures, which must be quite sensational if they are genuine.....A strange glowing object, which may have been a meteor, was seen in many parts of Long Island on the night of March 25th. One witness described it as a circular object that appeared like a fluorescent greenish light. It seemed to throw off white fire streaks from a tail as it disappeared behind a cloud and then reappeared. The object was seen near Norfolk, Virginia...Wilbur Smith, the former head of a semi-official Canadian saucer research program, died last December. It is rumored that Smith, who was originally a scientist/journalist/UFO investigator, turned contacts in his later years....

A UFO was seen near Washington, D. C. on the night of February 6th by two men flying a private plane, and visual confirmation was made by another plane, though nothing showed up on Washington radar. Carl Chambers of South Williamsport, Pa., told reporters that he and another man with him saw the object, first nearly an hour, while flying from Charlottesville, Va., to Washington. The UFO appeared off their right wing at a distance of several miles, and moved toward, under and above the aircraft. It hovered awhile, and later went about 75 miles in 5 seconds. The object seemed to have a ball-like shape, and Chambers estimated it to be some ten feet in diameter. The light from it was so bright that it cast a reflection on the plane....From all we have read, the results of the recent Venus probe by Mariner III appear to be inconclusive and subject to conflicting interpretations. The rocket passed within 21,000 miles of Venus last December 14th, and gave American scientists a great deal of new data about that mysterious planet. The surface temperature is now thought to be about 800 degrees, too hot for life as we know it; but according to Homer E. Newell, director of space sciences for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, there is a possibility that micro-organisms live in the atmosphere of Venus. There is also a possibility (in our opinion) that much of the data will turn out to be wrong, and that the surface of the planet still may be found to support intelligent life of some sort....

On March 12th, a UFO traveling west at a very high rate of speed was sighted by hundreds of persons in the Hawaiian islands. Two Hawaii Air National Guard pilots said they saw the object north of the island of Kauai during a routine training mission in jet fighters, at an altitude of 40,000 feet. Honolulu newspapers and radio stations were flooded with calls....A Protestant clergyman has stated that churches must plan now to deal with the possible creation of "feeling and thinking beings" which may soon be


- page 40 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

22.

created artificially by scientists working in laboratories. The clergyman's statement came about as a result of the fact that scientists claim they are approaching a breakthrough in the creation of life from inanimate matter...

A "strange red ball of fire" was seen by Bill DeHaan of Bozeman, Montana, at 2:30 a.m. February 21st, as he was driving home from work. DeHaan said that the UFO shook and swayed his car as it went by, and that it landed about 200 feet from his vehicle... Sheriff's deputies spent the morning combing the area, but found nothing...

Dr. Donald H. Menzel, the noted anti-saucer astrophysicist from Harvard University, who wrote a book called "Flying Saucers" in 1952, has been on a lecture tour recently, apparently to drum up interest in a second book on the same topic which he plans to publish soon. Dr. Menzel is still as anti-saucer as ever... "UFO's were seen darting about at an altitude of 15,000 feet over Malden, North Carolina, on the morning of February 18th. Floyd Hester told the local newspaper that they were moving in and out of formation at tremendous speeds. He described them as metallic in appearance, and they were in view for 30 minutes. At times they would hover motionless in the sky... and then would move with a burst of speed. They left no trail of smoke..."

"Could Raleigh Item Men and women who have claimed to see flying saucers met recently for a discussion meeting to compare notes, in Bologna, Italy. They could not agree on anything, the meeting turned into a battle, and the cafe owner threw them all out when cups as well as saucers began flying in a battle royal."

"S.P.A.C.E." AND TWO OTHER SAUCER PERIODICALS FOLD UP: Norbert Gariety, editor of the monthly saucer magazine called "S.P.A.C.E.," has announced in his November 1962 issue (released in January, 1963) that he has decided to throw in the towel. "S.P.A.C.E." lasted for six years, and at one time was about the best flying saucer zine in the United States, due to its fine coverage of Fortean events as well as saucer sightings. But then Gariety went off on a wild right-wing political "kick," and started filling his pages with political diatribes of various sorts, especially when sightings were scarce. When he was told by your SAUCER NEWS editor and many others that politics have no place in a saucer magazine, Gariety became increasingly bitter. Now he has finally decided to devote all his spare time and energies to his various political activities, and in view of everything, we feel that saucer research will be better off without him. Gariety is so petty that he refused to send us his final issue - though we had been receiving all the previous 70 issues on an exchange basis.

Two other saucer periodicals recently defunct are "The Hawk Report," published by Harry Slabert of Pomona, California, and "The N.A.A. A.P. Bulletin," published by Edward J. Babcock, Jr., of Kendall Park, New Jersey. The editors of both these magazines are teaming up with some who have had considerable correspondence. Both periodicals were improving in quality as time went by, but as is often happens in cases such as these, the young editors were eventually moved to devote themselves to other activities, so that their saucer research had to be cut down or abandoned. We hope that other capable young men will enter the saucer field to take their place.

FORTEAN ITEMS: The Smithsonian Institute recently set up an elaborate system of cameras and a spectroscope near the town of Maco, North Carolina, in order to find this explanation for a mysterious flickering light that has been seen in the area for generations. Hundreds of people have witnessed the light over the years, but when approached too closely, it disappears. Unfortunately we do not have the results of the Smithsonian's expedition...Into


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

the category of "mysterious disappearances" goes this story from Cinnaminson Township, New Jersey. On March 18th a 2½ year old boy, who had been left for only five minutes to play with his brother and cousin in the back yard, vanished without a traces. Since then, 500 policemen, state troopers, FBI agents and volunteers have searched every inch of the southern New Jersey Township without results...There is a haunted house in Nashville, Tennessee, where the family of a resident named Jack Hawkins is disturbed every night around 6 p.m. by a loud knocking of some sort. Repeated efforts by police and others to find the source of the knockings have met with no success...Another recent ghost story comes from Detroit, where the Adams family of 5508 Martin St. has abandoned their house due to formless bags with the cold staring eyes of death, and gray hair strung like decayed Spanish moss over her indescribably horrible face." Mrs. Lillian Adams says she heard its wall - a part human, part animal - roar with a moan that some call a terrible voice. Other members of the family have seen, heard, or smelled the terrifying ghost, and the family is determined never to live in the house again.

A Norwegian explorer says he has found positive evidence that the Vikings settled Newfoundland, Canada, 500 years before Columbus landed in the New World. Carbon 14 tests succeeded in dating a primitive forge, nails, and other remains found at Lance aux Meadows on Newfoundland's north coast. The tests put the date of the objects at about 1,000 A.D. An article from Cleveland, dated March 7th, states that a 6-pound chunk of iron crashed through the roof of the home of Mrs. John Maxwell, accompanied by a noise which sounded like an airplane crash or a sonic boom. It was thought that the object could have fallen from a plane, but cast iron is not generally used in aircraft parts, and no plane could be found which might have lost a part over the Maxwell house at that time...A scientific team investigating the famous Loch Ness monster concluded last February that something big and alive does indeed inhabit the Scottish lake. The head of the team said that there is no way yet to determine whether it is a mammal, a reptile, an amphibian or a fish...Russian scientists claim to have brought two prehistoric tritans (vertebrates resembling Lizards) back to life. The animals lay frozen solid for 5,000 years in Siberia before being revived by the scientific teams. According to the Russian report, one of the animals lived, ran around, ate, and slept for three weeks before dying, and the other was alive "practically all summer."

BOOK REVIEWS
- by James W. Moseley

(Note: In spite of our recent merger with "The Saucerian Bulletin," we are still cool: obliged to give our frank opinions about all current books, including those published by Barker's organization.)

BENDER MYSTERY CONFIRMED -edited by Gray Barker (Published by Saucerian Books)

This book is a collection of letters to Gray Barker from a number of people who read Albert K. Bender's "Flying Saucers and the Three Men" which was reviewed in our March issue. Unfortunately, a better title would be "Bender Mystery Confused," due to the fact that these letters add little to our understanding of the Bender book or to our understanding in general. The information revealed in the letters ranges all the way from evidence being to confirm Bender's statements to evidence diametrically contradicting them, - with a lot thrown in which neither confirms nor contradicts anything.

In his introduction, Barker tells us, "No effort has been made to create a literary work, for the publication of letters carries the duty of


- page 42 -

Here is the text from the document:

24.

presentation without editing, except in the most minor degree." It is unfor-
tunate that Barker did not follow his own rule about editing. Chapter 16, en-
titled "Were Bender's Experiences Psychological?" appears to consist of a long
letter from me, explaining "Flying Saucers and the Three Men" in psychological
terms. Unfortunately, this chapter bears little relationship to the short let-
ter I sent Barker expressing my opinions on the Bender book.

One can only hope that the other letters in "Bender Mystery Con-
firmed" were edited less severely. Some of the supposedly confirmatory letters
are so strange in content that they leave little doubt that they are either
the result of Barker's "editing" or of severe mental disturbance on the part
of the letter writer. One letter, supposedly tending to confirm Bender's head-
aches, reads in part: "After my collapse, or rather during it, after my going
through reincarnation...my sun lamp lit up with a blue light, and to this day
I do not know if it is a healing ray or a strobik from hell.... I kept hearing
that it was a station like a TV set and was hooked up to the police station,
where they could see my every move. I was the object of ridicule, torment, and
gutter talk.... For days the many voices talked on, even after I broke the sun
lamp bulb...."

There are, however, more lucid letters than this. The consensus of
opinion (if there is any) among Barker's letter writers seems to be that Ben-
der is telling the truth as he knows it. But perhaps the alleged space people
were fooling him, by misrepresenting their true identity, or giving him false
information on some points. There is talk of astral entities, the Serpent
Race, Deros, the Black Brotherhood, Communist agents, and other such groups.
One woman wrote that upon reading the first part of "Flying Saucers and the
Three Men," she was "all for having the book into the Fire!" And, in fact, one
of Barker's promotion circulars is headlined "Should You Burn the Bender
Book???". No, in our opinion you should not; but many readers will surely do a
slow burn when they read its sequel.

UFO WARNING - by John Stuart (Published by Saucerian Books, Clarksburg, W.Va.)

Although we have long suspected that there is often more than a
slight connection between flying saucers and sex, we were not sure about this
theory until reading John Stuart's "UFO Warning." Mr. Stuart, after being ex-
polled from a New Zealand saucer club for allegedly misusing their stationery,
set up his own organization, called Flying Saucer Investigators. This group
consisted of exactly two members - himself and an attractive young lady named
Barbara, with whom he spent most of his evenings discussing saucer sightings
and theories. Just what his wife may have thought about this research is not
clear, as she is barely mentioned in the book.

One night a hideous green monster appeared on the lawn and appar-
ently hypnotized both members of Flying Saucer Investigators, so that they
were unable to move. Just as it seemed about to attack or rape the female half
of the organization, it changed its mind, moved away, and disappeared. Another
night, Barbara was raped by three invisible beings while alone in her room.
The invisible attackers left her body covered with strange scratches, which
she later showed to John Stuart. Shortly after this attack, Barbara threw in
the towel on flying saucer research and moved to another town. Thereafter,
says Stuart, "I went away to Auckland and stayed with my old mother, resting
my nerves, trying to bring my shocked system back into order."

Our opinion of "UFO Warning" can best be expressed in the words of
Barker himself, in his introduction to this epic: "Although I cannot complete-
ly understand this volume, and I doubt if many others can either, it is a de-
finite part of the huge mass of confusing data which forms the UFO enigma."


- page 43 -

6 - 8 NOVEMBER 1957 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER                EVALUATION

6       Springfield, Ohio                       [Redacted]              Astro (METEOR)
6       Artesia, New Mexico                     [Redacted]              Astro (METEOR)
6       St Albans, West Virginia (CASE MISSING) GOC                     Astro (METEOR)
6       Tampa, Florida                          [Redacted]              Aircraft
6       Baltimore, Maryland                     [Redacted]              Insufficient Data
6       Mission Hills, California               [Redacted]              Astro (VENUS)
6       Portland, Oregon                        [Redacted]              Aircraft
6       Cannon AFB, New Mexico                  Military                Aircraft
6       Artesia, New Mexico                     [Redacted]              Astro (METEOR)
6       Garden Grove, California                Multi                   Insufficient Data
6       Radium Springs, New Mexico              [Redacted]              UNIDENTIFIED
6       Hereford, Texas                         [Redacted]              Astro (METEOR)
6       Long Beach, California                  [Redacted]              Balloon
6       Long Beach, California                  [Redacted]              Aircraft
6       Lima, Ohio                              [Redacted]              Balloon
6-7     Shirol AB, Japan                        [Redacted]              Astro (VENUS)
7       Tampa, Florida                          [Redacted]              Astro (METEOR)
7       Harlingen, Texas                        Military (RADAR)        Other (RADAR MALFUNCTION)
7       Winston Salem, North Carolina           [Redacted]              Aircraft
7       Floral Park, Long Island, New York      [Redacted]              Astro (VENUS)
7       Bowling Green, Ohio                     [Redacted]              Balloon
7       Manchester, New Hampshire                [Redacted]              Aircraft
7       Asbury Park, New Jersey                 [Redacted]              Aircraft
7       Inwood, Long Island, New York           [Redacted]              Aircraft
7       San Antonio, Texas                      [Redacted]              Aircraft
7       Lake City, Tennessee (CASE MISSING)     Civilian                Insufficient Data
7       Cedar Hill, Texas                       [Redacted]              Insufficient Data
7       Ft Deposit, Alabama                     [Redacted]              Insufficient Data
7       Ringgold, Georgia (CASE MISSING)        Civilian                Insufficient Data
7       Levelland, Texas                        [Redacted]              Astro (VENUS)
7       Bakersfield, California                 Multi                   Astro (VENUS)
7       Southern California                     Multi (3 cases)         Astro (VENUS)
7       Seminole, New Mexico                    Multi                   Balloon
7       Roswell, New Mexico                     [Redacted]              Insufficient Data
7       Montelle, Ohio                          Military                Aircraft
8       Long Beach, California                  [Redacted]              Other (CONTRAILS)
8       Colunbus County, Tennessee              [Redacted]              Aircraft
8       Merrick, Long Island, New York          [Redacted]              UNIDENTIFIED
8       Philadelphia, Mississippi               [Redacted]              Aircraft
8       Waverly, Illinois                       [Redacted]              Other (GARBLED REPORT)
8       Joplin, Missouri                        Civilian                Astro (JUPITER)
8       Freeport, Texas                         [Redacted]              Aircraft
8       Long Beach, California                  Military                Astro (STAR)
8       Alexandria, Louisiana                   Military                Astro (METEOR)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE                  EVALUATION
Nov     Universe                                Science News Ltr        Newclipping
7       Meridian, Mississippi                   Newclipping
         Sioux City, South Dakota               Newclipping


- page 44 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
21 Nov 57

2. LOCATION
Albuquerque, New Mexico

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 21:15

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual   [ ] Ground-Radar
[ ] Air Visual      [ ] Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
N/A

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object size of transport a/c, color silver, surface reflection sunlight. Object appeared motionless, then accelerated gradually to high speed (300-400 knots & disappeared to the south.

11. COMMENTS
Probably misidentification of n/c.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[ ] Was Balloon
[ ] Probably Balloon
[ ] Possibly Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[ ] Probably Aircraft
[ ] Possibly Aircraft
[ ] Was Astronomical
[ ] Probably Astronomical
[ ] Possibly Astronomical
[ ] Other
[X] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
[ ] Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 45 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 10

[Main body text is partially illegible due to image quality, but appears to be a detailed account of an incident involving a spaceship or UFO sighting]

Headline Section:
Boy 'Sees' Four on Space Ship

By United Press
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. - Unidentified flying objects are getting more exciting than television to the small fry.

Everett Clark, 12, babbled to the sheriff, his school principal and a newspaper reporter today that he was looking out the window of his home when a "long and round space ship" landed in the cow pasture across the road.

Out of the unidentified flying object, he said, came two men and two women, talking like German soldiers in war movies. He had seen on television. He said it took off like a helicopter after the four got back in.

Sidebar Text:
The boy was alone at home when the "incident" happened about 6:30 a.m. His parents were at work.

His story had such a ring of sincerity to it that reporter Carson Brewer of the Knoxville News-Sentinel and Photographer Bill Dye accompanied the boy later to the pasture.

"I saw something which nearly made me jump," Brewer said. "About 10 feet from where Everett was standing I saw a peculiar imprint in the thick grass. Everett did not point it out. Dye and I saw it first.

"It was in the shape of a fat cigar or a slender egg. I stepped off the length of the thing as about 24 feet. It probably was about five feet wide at the thickest portion."


- page 46 -

SQB027 YDE15 WYA19 WDA19DNAB04

RR RJEDDN RJEDWP RJEPHQ
DE RJWFDN 11
R 2623552

FM COMDR 34TH ADD
TO RJEDDN/COMDR ENT AFB ADC
RJEDWP/COMDE WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB ATIC
RJEPHQ/DIR OF INT HQ USAF

BT

UNCLAS INT 5923 UFOB REPT IAW AFR 200-2 AND ADCR 200-7 IS
SUBMITTED.

1 A. UNKNOWN SHAPE

B. AIRCRAFT SIZE, TRANSPORT

C. SILVER

D. 1

E. N/A

F. SURFACE REFLECTION SUNLIGHT - SHAPE UNDETERMINED

G. NONE

H. NONE

PAGE TWO RJWFDN 11


- page 47 -

2. A. LIGHT REFLECTING FROM OBJECT
   B. 15 DEGREES AT 190 DEGREES
   C. 15 DEGREES AT 180 DEGREES
   D. STRAIGHT LINE, NO MANEUVERS
   E. GRADUALLY DISAPPEARED TO THE SOUTH
   F. 5 MINUTES

3. A. GROUND VISUAL
   B. NO OPTICAL AIDS
   C. N/A

4. A. 1245 LOCAL
   B. DAYLIGHT

5. A. ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO

6. A. MRS. 39, HOUSEWIFE
   B. N/A

7. A. CAVU
   B. ALL ALTITUDES 150 DEGREES AT 15 KNOTS.
   C. UNLIMITED
   D. UNLIMITED
   E. NONE

PAGE THREE RJWFDN 11

F. NONE
8. NONE
9. NONE
10. NO KNOWN A/C TRAFFIC
11. CAPT. CHARLES E. MOYERS, INTEL OFF 34TH AD(D)


- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

C. UNLIMITED
D. UNLIMITED
E. NONE

PAGE THREE RJWFDN 11
F. NONE
8. NONE
9. NONE
10. NO KNOWN A/C TRAFFIC
11. CAPT. CHARLES E. MOYERS, INTEL OFF 34TH AD(D)
    NO COMMENT.
12. NONE
13. OBSERVER SIGHTED OBJECT WHILE DRIVING SOUTH. IT APPEARED
    TO BE AN A/C LANDING AT KAFB FROM THE WEST. WHEN OBJECT REMAINED
    MOTIONLESS, OBSERVER STOPPED CAR AND GOT OUT FOR BETTER VIS-
    IBILITY. WATCHED OBJECT FOR 5 MINUTES DURING WHICH TIME IT
    HOVERED MOTIONLESS. OBJECT THEN ACCELERATED GRADUALLY TO A
    HIGH SPEED (300-400 KTS) ND DISAPPEARED TO THE SOUTH.
    TIME DATED REPORTED 26/1530Z. PERSON RECEIVING RPT. CAPT.
    C.E. MOYERS 3616 KAFB.

    BT

    26/2358Z NOV RJWFDN

There are also some handwritten notes on the right side of the document, but they are partially illegible.


- page 49 -

Near Knoxville, Tennessee, early on the morning of November 6th, 12-year-old Everett Clark saw two men and two women, normally dressed, "talking 'like German soldiers in war movies,'" emerged from a grounded cigar-shaped object and tried to make off with his dogs he claimed that he hadn't heard of the Schmidt case.

An imprint in the grassy field where the object had rested was found by Knoxville reporters; the boy maintained that this discovery was as new to him as it was to the reporters.

Curiously enough, the Tennessee report from the schoolboy Everett Clark (page 4) resembles Schmidt's story in several important respects, but, so far as we know, the Clark report aroused no official investigation at all. We have asked our Knoxville member, James McAshen, to find out more about this case if possible. But the attempted dogging in the Clark story is weirdly echoed in the following extraordinary report from New Jersey (page 14).


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

IANAPOILIS NEWS
The Great Hoosier Daily Since 1869
"Where The Spirit of the Lord Is, There is Liberty"—II Cor. 3:17

ESDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 6, 1957    64 PAGES    7 C

New Sputnik Sighted
Over Elkhart and Gar

Looks Like Dog S
Says Boy Watche
By Associated Press

Indiana residents reported they saw a
peared to be Sputnik II as it hurtled across
at dawn today.
The Elkhart newspaper and Elkhart radio
reported receiving calls from many resident
county.

Generally the object was de-
scribed as slightly less bright
than a first magnitude star. It
was traveling from south to
north and was west of Elk-
hart.

Almost all the callers said
they saw it at 5:43 a.m.
Alex Jarrell, Michigan City,
reported he saw what he be-
lieved to be Sputnik as he was
going home from his night
shift job at 5:45 a.m.

Jerry Hall, 15, of Gary arose
at 5 a.m. today to scan the
skies with his 6-inch tele-scope.
Hall said he spotted the ob-
ject moving northeast and
in the sky. The object was
added.

The object resembled Sirius,
the dog star, in brilliance, he
added. Sirius is described as
one of the brightest stars.

In all, 15 persons in various
parts of Gary reported seeing
the object in the early morn-
ing hours.

Rash, news director of Radio Station
WKAM, said he spotted it at
5:46 a.m.

Rash said he watched the
object for about 2 minutes
moving about halfway up in
the sky, traveling from south-
west to northeast direction.

He compared its brilliance
to that of an average star in
the Big Dipper.

John 14, a newspaper carrier, said
he saw a bright object streak-
ing through the sky at 5:45
a.m. It was moving from the
southwest to the northeast and
said it was moving rapidly and
was visible about 15 degrees
seconds.

E. L. Crosby Jr. of South
Bend said Sputnik II was
visible about 15 degrees above

Hanging Sa
While Northern
residents scanned
the skies for the
were reporting va-
terious goings-on.
New Lisbon resi-
dents reported a
hang over their car
More details on

the south horizon
across the sky to
about 7 to 8 deg
the north horizon.

Cpl. Arthur Harr
road headquarters
er, said he watched
for several minutes.

Phil Chasey and
in South Bend, said
saw Sputnik II at
watched it until 5:45
reached it as a "big
bright object."

The satellite has
of its own, but re-
sun's rays, much
moon.

AF Crack
Code Be
of Sputni
By United Press

ALAMOGORDO -
Air Force officers
closed a special se
at the Air Force mi
opment center has
in "breaking" the
code signals from
The disclosure, it
was learned, was
the staff.

The officer said
announcement will

(Continued on Page

Chicago Sees Sputnik II
CHICAGO—Sputnik II appears as
a streak (upper right in the early
morning sky). The Russian satellite,
traveling northeast, came out of the

was made by Joe Marino, Chicago
Daily News photographer, using a
Speed Graphic camera with 1-second
exposure at Argonne National Laboratory in suburban Lemont.—AP Wirephoto.

SPUTNIK


- page 51 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper page:

EIS NEWS HOME EDITION
Nov. 6, 1957 64 PAGES 7 CENTS

Sputnik Sighted khart and Gary

Looks Like Dog Star, Says Boy Watcher
By Associated Press

Indiana residents reported they saw what appeared to be Sputnik II as it hurtled across the sky at dawn today.
The Elkhart newspaper and Elkhart radio station today reported receiving calls from many residents of the county.

Generally the object was described as slightly less bright than a first magnitude star. It was traveling from south to north and was west of Elkhart.

Almost all the callers said they saw it at 5:43 am.
Alex Jarrell, Michigan City, reported he saw what he believed to be Sputnik as he was going home from his night shift job at 5:45 a.m.

Jerry Hall, 15, of Gary arose at 3 a.m. today to scan the skies with his 8-inch telescope. Hall said he spotted the object moving from south to north. Comparing its size to a beachball, he added.

The object resembled Sirius, the dog star, in brilliance, he said. The object was visible for one of the brighter stars.

In all, 15 persons in various parts of Gary reported seeing the object in the early morning hours.

News Graphic Lester Rash, WIKAM, said he spotted it at 5:46 a.m.

Rash said he watched the object for about 2 minutes as it moved across the western sky in a southwest to northwest direction.

He compared its brilliance to that of an average star in the sky.

In Anderson, John Alley, 14, a newspaper carrier, said he saw a bright object streaking through the sky at 5:45 a.m. It traveled from the southwest to the northeast. He said it was moving rapidly and it was visible for only 9 or 10 seconds.

Hanging Saucers
While Northern Indiana residents scanned the skies for Sputnik II, Hoosiers in the central part of the state were reporting more mysterious going-going-going saucer-like contraption hanging over their cars. More details on Page 36.

The object was seen across the south horizon and sped across the sky to disappear about 7 to 8 degrees above the north horizon.

At the state police toll road headquarters near Granger, said he watched the object for several minutes.

Engineers at WSBT-TV station in South Bend, said they first saw Sputnik II at 5:43 and watched it until 5:48. They described it as a bright object with a roundish look.

The satellite has no light of its own, but reflects the sun's rays, much like the moon.

AF Cracks Code Beeps of Sputnik II
ALAMOGORDO, N.M.—An Air Force officer today disclosed a special scientific team at the Air Force missile development center has succeeded in "breaking" the Russian code signals from Sputnik II.

The disclosure, in the form of a "leak" to newsmen, said the signals "now are being analyzed by the center's scientific staff."

The officer said a later announcement will explain how the code was broken and its significance.

Made by Joe Marine, Chicago News Graphic Camera with 1-second exposure at Argonne National Laboratory in suburban Lemont—AP Wirephoto.


- page 52 -

Here is the text from the document:

Chicago Daily Tribune
Wednesday, November 6, 1957
Part 1—Page 4 H**

MOON TO PASS
OVER CHICAGO
THIS MORNING
Expected at 5:47 for
4 Minute Visit

Sputnik II, Russia's half-ton satellite now circling the earth 1,000 miles in space, was expected to pass almost directly over Chicago at 5:47 today.

William B. Doe, special project chairman of the Adgroene National Laboratory Astronomy club said the moonlet should be visible up to four minutes at that time if skies are not overcast.

Calls 16 to Watch
In preparation for the expected appearance here, Del Alford's 16 members of the club's moonwatch group to stand by with telescopes and two aerial cameras at an open air meeting place inside the laboratory's reservation near Le m o n t in Du Page county.

"Even if the sky is only 50 per cent clear, we expect to get a good look at the satellite," Doe said.

"At it comes into view as expected, it will be heading west and running northwest."

The moon passed over Chicago yesterday at 5:35 a. m., but overcast skies prevented it from being seen.

Hears Radio Signals
Doe reported that members now have made three radio contacts with the satellite. Its signal strength was measured by the beeps sent out by Sputnik I. Before its radio went dead, Sputnik II, also dubber mutnik, because it is carrying a female dog passenger, is believed to have been powered by rocket fuel soviet scientists say they have developed.

Doe said that telescopes which club members will train on the artificial moonlet are equipped with mirrors able to catch the satellite's reflection without pointing the scope skyward in a "neck straining" position.

Page 10


- page 53 -

The image appears to be a detailed data table or log sheet with multiple rows and columns. The header at the top of the page reads "OBSERVATIONS". The document looks like a vintage, black and white scanned record with some degradation and image artifacts. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly in this scan. The table seems to contain multiple sections with various data entries, but the specific details are not legible from this image.


- page 54 -

Here is the text from the document:

5087
Sept 2, 1957
Multz

VENUS

JEDWP H051F142 YDA100 WD0S0 WDA0S1DNA0S7DNJ002
RR RJEDDN RJEDWP RJEPHO
DE RJWFDN 2J
R 0717457
FM COMDR 687TH ACWRON
TO RJEDDN/COMDR ADC
RJWFDN/COMDR 34TH ADD
R.JEDWP/COMDR ATIC

A-lig-nee


- page 55 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded tabular document with multiple columns and rows. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor quality of the scan. At the bottom right corner, I can partially make out "Form 444" and what seems to be a small notation, but the text is too blurry to read with certainty. The document looks like an official form or log sheet with vertical and horizontal lines creating a grid structure.


- page 56 -

The image appears to be a complex data table or spreadsheet with multiple rows and columns. The text is mostly illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. Some column headers and sections are partially visible, but most of the text is too blurry to read accurately. The document seems to be an official form or report with various sections and numerical entries. At the bottom right, there is a small notation that looks like "A.F. STOCK NO. 0000-443-4634" which appears to be a stock or reference number.


- page 57 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded tabular document with multiple columns and rows. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor quality of the scan. Some columns seem to have abbreviations like "HK", "NK", and various numerical entries, but the specific details cannot be confidently discerned. The document looks like an old record or log sheet, but the text is too blurry to accurately transcribe.


- page 58 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded tabular document with multiple columns and rows. Due to the poor image quality and significant degradation, most of the text is illegible. Only fragments and partial numbers/characters can be discerned, but not enough to confidently transcribe complete words or sentences. The document looks like some kind of data log or record sheet with vertical and horizontal grid lines, but the specific details are obscured by the poor scan quality.


- page 59 -

The image appears to be a complex data table or spreadsheet with multiple rows and columns. Due to the low quality and high contrast of the scanned document, much of the text is illegible. The document seems to be a detailed record or log with various entries, but the specific details cannot be clearly read. The page is filled with gridlines, text, and numerical entries, but the resolution and scan quality make it difficult to discern the precise content.


- page 60 -

The image appears to be a detailed tabular document with multiple columns and rows. Most of the text is difficult to read due to the low contrast and image quality. The document seems to be a data log or record sheet with various numerical and alphanumeric entries. At the bottom right corner, there is a page number "444" visible. The top of the page has some text, but it is illegible. The majority of the text in the table is too blurry to accurately transcribe.


- page 61 -

The image appears to be a complex data table titled "SAUCER OBSERVATIONS" with multiple rows and columns. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. At the bottom of the page, there are some partially legible lines that seem to include text, but the details are not fully discernible. The document looks like a detailed record-keeping form, possibly from a scientific or military report, with various coded entries and numerical data. At the bottom right corner, there is a notation "A.F. STOCK NO. 260-617-AD-415".


- page 62 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded tabular document with multiple columns and rows. Due to the poor image quality and significant degradation, most of the text is illegible. The document looks like a data table or log sheet with vertical and horizontal lines creating numerous cells, but the specific content cannot be reliably transcribed.


- page 63 -

The image appears to be a complex data table or form with multiple rows and columns. However, due to the poor image quality and high contrast, most of the text is illegible. Some sections have visible text boxes and grid lines, but the specific content cannot be clearly read. The document seems to be a detailed record or log sheet of some kind, possibly from a scientific or military report.


- page 64 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded tabular document with multiple columns and rows. Most of the text is illegible due to poor image quality, heavy shadowing, and significant degradation of the original document. While grid lines and column structures are visible, the specific text within the cells cannot be reliably read.


- page 65 -

RJEPIG/DIRECTOR OF INT HQ USAF
BT
UNCLAS OPS 441 PD UFOB
1 LARGE WHITE GLOWING OBJECT IN SW PD
(A) ROUND (B) STAR (C) WHITE (D) ONE (E) NONE (F) NONE (G) NONE

2 STATIONARY (A) RETIRED COLONEL (B) 030 DEGREES-2SQ
DEGREES ITEMS (C) (D) (E) NEGATIVE (F) ALL NIGHT

3 (A) GROUND VISUAL

4 (A) 07/0130Z/NOV/57 (B) NIGHT

5 (A) EJPF 2800

6 (A) RETIRED COLONEL

PAGE TWO RJWFDN 2J
7 213 DEGREES 50 KNOTS 24 DEGREES (A) GOOD (B) NEGATIVE
(C) NEGATIVE (D) 50 MILES (F) NONE

8 NONE

9 NONE

10 NONE

11 FIRST LT RHODES CMM GORDON E SENIOR DIRECTOR CMM
COMMENTS CLN LOOKS LIKE A PLANET PD FIGHTER OBSERVATION BY
LIEUTENANT DAVIS AND LIEUTENANT HUGHS INDICATED IT WAS QUITE FAR
AWAY BUT AT AN ALTITUDE OF 40000 FEET PD ALSO IT CHANGED IN
COLOR AND BRIGHTNESS FROM WHITE TO RED TO WHITE PD

12 NONE

BT
07/17557 NOV R.JWFDN


- page 66 -

The image appears to be a complex data table or spreadsheet with numerous rows and columns. The text is very faint and mostly illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. Some small text fragments are visible at the bottom of the page, but they are too blurry to accurately transcribe. The document seems to be a detailed record or log of some kind, with many numerical entries and grid-like formatting.


- page 67 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded tabular document with multiple columns and rows. Most of the text is illegible due to poor image quality, heavy shadowing, and significant degradation of the original document. While vertical and horizontal grid lines are clearly visible, the text within the cells is mostly unreadable. Only fragments and partial words can be glimpsed, but not enough to confidently transcribe any complete text.


- page 68 -

The image appears to be a complex data table or form with multiple rows and columns. Most of the text is too small and blurry to read clearly. The document looks like a detailed record-keeping sheet with numerous grid lines and sections. Some column headers are partially visible, but the majority of the text is illegible due to the poor image quality and high contrast black and white scanning.


- page 69 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded tabular document with multiple columns and rows. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor quality of the scan. The document looks like a data table or log sheet, with vertical and horizontal lines creating grid cells. The page is numbered "1" at the bottom center of the image. The scan is in black and white and shows significant image degradation, making most of the text unreadable.


- page 70 -

The image appears to be a complex data table or spreadsheet with numerous rows and columns. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. The document looks like a dense statistical or record-keeping page with many cells filled with numbers or symbols. Due to the poor image quality and small text size, I cannot confidently transcribe specific text from the document.


- page 71 -

The image appears to be a complex data table or log sheet with multiple columns and rows. The text is quite faded and partially illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. Some column headers are partially visible, such as "Elevation" on the left side, but most of the specific text is too blurry to read with certainty. The document seems to be a detailed record-keeping sheet with numerous filled-in circles and handwritten entries, typical of mid-20th century scientific or meteorological documentation.


- page 72 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded tabular document with multiple columns and rows. Most of the text is illegible due to poor image quality, scanning artifacts, and low contrast. While there are clearly written entries in the table, I cannot confidently transcribe specific text beyond noting the presence of a structured data table with multiple columns and rows.


- page 73 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded tabular document with multiple columns and rows. Due to the poor image quality and heavy black and white speckling, most of the text is illegible. I can make out some column headers and row labels, but cannot confidently transcribe the specific text. The document looks like an official form or data sheet with a grid-like structure, but the details are obscured by the image's low resolution and degradation.


- page 74 -

The image appears to be a complex data table or log sheet with multiple rows and columns. Due to the poor image quality and high contrast, most of the text is illegible. The document seems to be a detailed record or observation log, possibly related to military or scientific observations, but the specific details cannot be discerned from this scanned image.


- page 75 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded and low-contrast document with a grid-like structure. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor image quality. The document seems to be a table or form with multiple columns and rows, but the specific content cannot be discerned with certainty.


- page 76 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

CAMBRIDGE, MASS.
FIRST TIME TODAY
AIR FORCE CAPT. LAVAL TREMBLAY SAID HE AW THERASSIAN
SATELLITE AT 5:30 A. M. (EST) WHILE FLYING AT AN ALTITUDE OF
15,000 FEET JUST SOUTH OF CANTON, CONN. CAPT. TREMBLAY,
TREMBLAY, ASSISTANT CAPTAIN, U.S. FORCE BASE, HANSCOM AIR FORCE BASE,
BEDFORD, MASS., REPORTED TO SMITHSONIAN ASTROPHYSICAL OBSERVATORY
THAT THE SATELLITE WAS ALMOST AS BRIGHT AS TYPICAL JUPITER.
CAPT. TREMBLAY SAID HE SAW THE SATELLITE FOR ABOUT THREE MINUTES AND
THAT IT WAS GOING IN A WESTERLY DIRECTION. SATELLITE WAS THE
FIRST COMPLETE SIGHTING OF SPUTNIK II FROM A PLANE.

MEANWHILE, SMITHSONIAN DIRECTOR SAID HE
BELIEVES THE SPUTNIK WILL STILL LIVE. THE WORLD TWO CORPS ADVANCE
MAKING IT WILL ATTEMPT TO GIVE AN OBJECT TO THE MOON.
HE CAN HAPPILY REPORT THAT RUSSIANS ARE DOING SOMETHING TO THE COM-
MUNIST WORLD QUITE APART FROM THE HOURS ADVANCE PARTLY BECAUSE THEY WOULD WANT
IT COMPARED WITH THE WEST. HE SAID.

THE ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR OF THE SMITHSONIAN SAID A WORLD-WIDE
AMATEUR EFFORT IS BEING MADE TO KEEP AN EYE ON THE MOON. THE
KLEIN WAS USED. HE SAID LITTLE WILL HAPPEN IN THE SPACE.

SMITHSONIAN RECEIVED REPORTS OF 16 SIGHTINGS OF SPUTNIK II TODAY
FROM ACROSS THE UNITED STATES. THE SECOND RUSSIAN SATELLITE WAS VISIBLE
WITH PARTICLES OF DEBRIS CLOSE TO IT. CLOSE AND OTHER MID-WESTERN
CITIES.

SATELLITE SAID THESE SIGHTINGS WILL HELP SCIENTISTS IN DETERMINING
THE ORBIT.

Page 10 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 77 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded data table or chart with multiple columns and rows. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor quality of the scan. The word "VATIONS" is partially visible at the top left of the document, suggesting this might be part of a larger word like "OBSERVATIONS". The document looks like an old, black and white scanned page with significant image distortion and noise.


- page 78 -

The image appears to be a complex data table or log sheet with multiple columns and rows. Due to the low contrast and image quality, most of the text is illegible. The document seems to be a detailed record or report with various entries, possibly related to observations, measurements, or tracking. The table is densely filled with numbers, letters, and symbols, but the specific details cannot be clearly discerned.


- page 79 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded tabular document with multiple columns and rows. Most of the text is illegible due to poor image quality, scanning artifacts, and dark/light contrast issues. While there are clearly rows and columns with some markings and symbols, I cannot confidently transcribe any specific text from this document.


- page 80 -

SURFACE WEATHER

[The rest of the text is largely illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The document appears to be a surface weather log or report with various columns and entries, but the specific details cannot be clearly read.]


- page 81 -

26 NOV 57

SURFACE WEATHER

[The rest of the text is mostly handwritten entries in various columns, which are difficult to fully transcribe due to the image quality. The document appears to be a surface weather log with various coded entries and abbreviations. The right side of the document has some partially legible notes such as "DITBALS" and various date/time/location codes.]

At the bottom right, there is a small government printing office notation, but it is not fully legible.


- page 82 -

SURFACE WEATHER (partially visible at top of document)

The document appears to be a detailed weather log or surface weather report with multiple columns of handwritten and typed entries. Most of the text is difficult to read clearly due to the image quality, but it contains rows of data with various codes, numbers, and abbreviations typical of meteorological records from the 1950s.

At the bottom of the page, the number "144" is visible, and there's a note that seems to reference a form or instructions.

The majority of the text is too small or blurry to transcribe accurately without risking introducing errors.


- page 83 -

SURFACE WEATHER (partially cut off at top of document)

The document appears to be a surface weather log or chart with multiple columns and rows of numerical and coded weather data. Some legible text includes:

Left side vertical text appears to include time notations like:
5*
5+
15*
15+
15*

The right side of the document contains various coded weather entries with numbers and abbreviations, some of which include:
- KDRTG
- NW (likely indicating Northwest wind direction)
- Various numerical coordinates and time stamps

Most of the specific entries are difficult to fully transcribe due to the image quality and density of the coded information.

At the bottom of the document, there is a small notation that is partially cut off.


- page 84 -

SURFACE WEATHER

[The rest of the text is mostly numerical data and abbreviations in a tabular format, with some partially legible entries. Some readable text includes:

"BLK ALL QUADS" (appears twice)
"AC-SW" 
"K/L" (appears multiple times)
"USBy WJ AVA" (partially legible)

The document appears to be a weather log or surface weather report with multiple columns of numerical and coded information. Many entries are difficult to fully decipher due to the image quality.]


- page 85 -

The document appears to be a "SURFACE WEAT[HER]" report, which looks like a detailed meteorological log or chart with multiple columns of numerical and coded data. The text is partially legible, with many entries consisting of numbers, letters, and abbreviated codes. At the bottom right, there is a small government printing office notation. Due to the density and complexity of the data, I cannot confidently transcribe all the specific entries without potentially introducing errors.

The top of the document has some partially legible header information, and the document appears to be a standardized form for recording weather-related data at different time intervals.


- page 86 -

The text I can clearly read on this document is:

SURFACE WEATHER

At the bottom of the page, there is a small text that appears to be a printing or copyright notation, but it is too blurry to read completely.

The document appears to be a weather data form with a grid layout, but most of the grid entries are too illegible to transcribe accurately.


- page 87 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Venus Most Prominent
Venus, the only planet now visible in the evening, is a brilliant object in the sky and will soon be joined by the Leonids, "shooting stars."

By JAMES STOKLEY

THAT BRILLIANT object you see in the southwestern sky these evenings as darkness falls is not an airplane, a flying saucer, or some bright light hung in the sky, as part of a joke.

What you see is the planet Venus, now catching its greatest prominence, which comes not before its disappearance from the evening sky early in 1958.

Venus is far brighter than any other star or planet even in the night sky and there is no difficulty in identifying it. Indeed, it can be observed long before the sky is dark. In fact, if you know where to look, you can even see it in broad daylight!

After it passed behind the sun last spring, Venus has again been drawn out into the evening sky. It has already moved across the sky from its daily move across the sky, and is now rising later each night. On Nov. 15 it will be in the west about 9:10 p.m., and will appear on the accompanying maps of November evening sky, which show their appearance about that time.

Bright Birds in the Sky

These maps, do, however, show the stars that are now visible.

If you look in the heavens at the top of the "northern cross" which is really part of the constellation of Cygnus, the swan, you will see in the bird's tail, in fact, the word Vega, an astronomical term.

To the left is another bird, Aquila, the eagle, with the star Altair.

High in the month you can see the four stars from the "great square" part of the constellation of Pegasus, the winged horse. Although these are not among the brightest, their characteristic arrangement makes them a good starting place from which to find other groups. The horse, easily, is upside down in the sky, as the row of stars extending westward from the lower right corner of the square is its head.

The star at the upper right, Alpheratz, is in the constellation Pegasus at all, but in the neighboring group of Andromeda. This constellation represents the Ethiopian princess who, according to mythology, was chained to a rock to be devoured by a sea monster, represented by the constellation of Cetus, the whale, in the south. Fortunately, she was rescued by the hero, Perseus, who is seen in the northeast.

Andromeda's mother, Cassiopia, is seen in the north, a group forming the letter M, above Polaris, the pole star. Alongside her is her husband, the king, Cepheus.

Turning now toward the east, we can see what is generally considered to be the finest constellation in the sky making its debut for the season.

Orion Becomes Finest

This is Orion, the warrior, easily recognized because of the three stars in a row that form his belt. To the left is Betelgeuse, to the right is Rigel, both of the first magnitude, although being so low in the sky they do not appear as bright as they will in the coming months.

Just above Orion is the first magnitude star Aldebaran, the bright figure star in Auriga, the charioteer.

Although only Venus is now visible in the evening, two other planets are southeast before sunrise: Jupiter in Virgo, and Mars. Venus is close to the first magnitude star Spica. Further east as Mars rises near the sun, its brightness is about ten times.

Shower of "Stars" to Come

November is the most bringing the year's famous shower of "shooting stars," which peaks on the 13th to the 16th.

They are most numerous after midnight, because then we are on the part of the earth in its annual sweep into the meteor stream.

This is different from the evening hours when we are on the rear part, and only those that catch up, etc.

[The document also includes two star charts showing the night sky for November 1957, with constellations and star positions marked.]


- page 88 -

The document appears to be a "SURFACE WEATHER" log or chart with multiple columns of handwritten entries. The text is dense and partially illegible due to the image quality. The header at the top clearly reads "SURFACE WEATHER", and the document contains numerous rows and columns with various notations, numbers, and abbreviations. Most of the specific entries are too small or blurry to confidently transcribe without potential errors.


- page 89 -

The text I can clearly read on this document is:

SURFACE WEATHER

At the bottom of the page, there is a small text that appears to be part of a footer, but it is too blurry to read completely.

The document appears to be a weather data form with a grid layout, but most of the handwritten entries are too faint or blurry to be reliably transcribed.


- page 90 -

The document appears to be a "SURFACE WEATHER" form with multiple columns and rows of handwritten data. The text at the top right of the page clearly reads "SURFACE WEATHER". Due to the density and handwritten nature of the document, many specific entries are difficult to read with complete certainty. The document seems to be a detailed weather log with various numerical and abbreviated entries across multiple columns.


- page 91 -

SURFACE WEATHER

[The rest of the text is mostly illegible due to the low quality of the scanned document. Some fragments of text and numbers can be seen, but they are not clear enough to confidently transcribe.]

At the bottom of the page, there is a small notation: "* * * Not to which may be used"

The document appears to be a weather data form with a grid layout, but the specific details are not readable.


- page 92 -

The document appears to be a surface weather log or report with multiple columns of numerical and abbreviated data. At the top right of the page, the text "SURFACE WEATHER" is visible. At the bottom of the page, there is a small note that appears to read "Not to be used for record" (though this is partially illegible). The document contains numerous rows of data with various codes, times, and numerical values, but due to the image quality, many specific details are difficult to read with complete certainty.


- page 93 -

The image appears to be a typewritten document with multiple columns of text and numbers. Much of the text is difficult to read clearly due to the image quality. At the top right of the page, there is partially visible text that seems to read "ANCE NEUTRAL" (though this could be incomplete or inaccurate due to image resolution).

The document contains rows of numbers, coordinates, and abbreviated text entries. Some partially legible entries include:

- Various coordinate-like entries such as "161°57'N 8°"
- Entries with "K" and "R" notations
- Some entries with date-like sequences
- An entry near the bottom that appears to read "TIN SPACE ALOFT WITH"

However, due to the poor image quality and faded text, many specific details are illegible or uncertain. The document appears to be some kind of log, report, or tracking sheet with numerical and coordinate data.


- page 94 -

The document appears to be a "SURFACE WEATHER" form with multiple columns of numerical and coded data. At the top right of the page, the header "SURFACE WEATHER" is clearly visible. The form contains numerous rows and columns filled with various alphanumeric entries, including letters like "K", wind direction indicators, and various numerical values. At the bottom left, there is a form number "WF Form 444" and a note "Replaces Form 144, 1 Nov 46, which may be used." The document appears to be a detailed weather recording sheet with precise meteorological data.


- page 95 -

The text I can clearly read on this document is:

SURFACE WEATHER

At the bottom of the page, there is a small note that appears to say: "Ht.: Not 6x, which may be used."

The rest of the document appears to be a weather data form with various columns and rows, but most of the handwritten entries are too illegible for me to confidently transcribe.


- page 96 -

The image appears to be a complex tabular document with multiple columns and rows. However, due to the poor image quality and high contrast, most of the text is illegible. The document looks like a detailed record or log sheet with numerous entries, but specific details cannot be discerned with certainty.


- page 97 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded tabular document with multiple columns and rows. Due to the poor image quality and significant degradation, most of the text is illegible. The document looks like a data sheet or log with numerical entries, but the specific details cannot be discerned with certainty. The page is a black and white scanned document with significant noise, blurring, and dark spots that obscure the text.


- page 98 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   6 November 1957
                                                                                       Boston, Massachusetts

3) November 6, 1955, about 5:30 a.m.: A lens-shaped disk came out of the sky on edge, levelled off to a horizontal position, hung motionless over Boston for a minute or two, then "stood on edge" again and went off into the sky. IT was amazed at the size of the thing," says the witness who reported this to Mr. [redacted] (and who has always thought he saw a U.S. secret device). "Compared with the Boston skyscrapers, it was as large as a ten-story building."

*


- page 99 -

The text I can clearly read on this document is:

SURFACE WEATHER

At the bottom of the page, there is a small text that appears to say:
"Form 144 - Weather Form 144, 1 Nov 46, which may be used."

The rest of the document appears to be a grid/table with vertical and horizontal lines, but the specific entries are too blurry or low resolution for me to confidently transcribe.


- page 100 -

INDEX TO TABS

TAB-A    Copy of Civil Defense Report
          Letter from Mr. [redacted] to SAFIS-3
          ATIC Form #164, UFO Questionnaire completed
          by Mr. [redacted] on the [redacted] Case.

TAB-B    Dictaphone copies of the tape recording of
          Mr. [redacted] interview of Mr. [redacted]

TAB-C    Copy of Sheriff's Report

TAB-D    Photographs of the corn field where the
          Object is reported to have landed.

TAB-E    Copies of Newspaper Clippings.


- page 101 -

Here is the text from the document:

HACC, D.B.
I Reg for INFO

March 28, 1958

Lawrence J. Tacker, Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services
Department of the Air Force
Washington D. C.

Dear Sir:

A copy of this registered letter will be sent to the publishers for nation-wide distribution in three weeks. Your answer, if any, will be included for publication. Your refusal to answer my questions will indicate:

1. That the Air Force has an unusual disregard for the facts and a questionable practice of avoiding the truth.

2. That the Air Force does not abide by its own written objectives.

All of my query letters to various Air Force Departments concerning the UFO sighting have been either unanswered or ignored, the ambiguous letter from you dated Feb. 25, stated that this "sighting has never been reported to the U.S. Air Force." However, in other communications we receive the following, "The Air Force feels a very definite obligation to identify and analyze these reports in the most thorough and comprehensive manner in my files I'll include a sentence in reference to UFO's written by your Legislative Liaison Director, Major General J.S. Kerr McGregor:--"You may be assured that the Air Force shall continue to study, analyze, and present to the public full facts on this subject."

Since you admit complete ignorance of the sighting that was circulated by the press, a civilian and radio in America, I will herein copy a Civil Defense report for the Air Force. I do this with tongue-in-cheek as I cannot believe that the Air Force has about a very important UFO Ohio landing than so thousands of school children in this area.

"UFO Interview at Chardon, Ohio, Sheriff's Office Nov. 3, 1957, 2030 P.M. of same day at Painesville, Ohio."

Present at this interview was a group of C.D. Personnel, Col. Leroy Johns, Area Director of Ohio Civil Defense Corps., Lt. Charles Ratnacke, Administrative Asst., 5th Area C.D., K. E. Locke, Lake County Director and Group Commander of 5th Mobile Support, S. S. Willison, Rescue Chief of Lake County C.D. and three people from Columbus, representing W.R.B.C., T.V. Station. Also the Sheriff and three Deputies of Geauga County.


- page 102 -

Lawrence J. Tucker                Page 2                        March 26, 1958

Mr. [redacted] said he was coming from Painesville towards his home when he sighted this object pass before him. It seemed to split into two parts, one rising and the other landing on a knoll about five hundred feet to the right of the road. Mr. [redacted] stopped his car and shut off his motor and started across the field. He stopped about two hundred feet from his car and thought he should have a witness to what he saw. He returned to his car and drove to his home to get his wife to go back and see the object.

Upon arriving at the scene he found the object was gone. They returned home and Mrs. [redacted] called the sheriff to report the incident.

Mr. [redacted] was then asked as to the color, and shape and noises of this object.

He replied, the color was a bluish green color much the same as a luminous watch with a metallic appearance. The noise of the object was similar to a quiet generator, and much like the sound of a running light meter, used to measure electricity in the home.

The shape of the object was to his description, something shaped like a Mexican hat with the crown being four-teen feet high and the rim being about eight to ten feet thick. The object, he said, was about thirty feet across.

Mr. [redacted] was then asked about vision into the object or seeing any people or things about the object. The answer was he had seen nothing nor could he see into the object.

Mr. [redacted] was then asked why he was absent for a whole day and night after this happening.

He explained of his fears of the jeerings and the general attitude of his friends and fellow workmen. [rest of this paragraph appears partially illegible]

Mr. [redacted] was then asked if he has forgotten to mention anything else that might help to throw some light on the number for the investigators of these reports.

He said no, that was all he knew and saw.

Mr. [redacted] was then interviewed and gave this account to the incident. Asked, how he was notified, he said by Radio and called to 5th Area to have someone meet him at the scene. Arriving, and seeing what the problem consisted of, he then returned to Headquarters for Geiger Counters. Checking for radiation of an area one hundred feet across he found with the help of Lt. C. Reineck a reading of from twenty Microrentgens to one hundred and fifty microrentgens in the center of the area. He told of the rapid decay of Radiation and found it had a count, three hours later, of twenty microrentgens.

He also told of checking a woman's car that lived in the area. The car had small pock marks on it and was checked for radiation. Result was a reading of twenty to sixty-four microrentgens, which is not normal at any time.


- page 103 -

Civil Defense Minutes of Chardon meeting to interview r. on U F O sightings.

Mr. [redacted] and Mrs. [redacted] arrived in Chardon at 2000 and were met by Col. L. John and Lt. C. Reineke of the 5th Area. We waited until 8100 at which time the personnel of Station W M B K - T V of Columbus, Ohio arrived.

They interviewed Mr. [redacted], The Sheriff and Mr. [redacted].

We were also told of a report on another sighting of a U F O by Hrs. [redacted]

Miss 0536 Nov. 7, 1957. Received by Oper. E. Skiba, Sheriff's Office. At 6:17 P.M. 11/7/57. Sha told as follows:

Sighting at 6:30 A M I saw an object or space ship. It was so bright that it blinded my eyes. It was like setting on the legs and when it went higher, it was found in shape, very low and much larger than an airplane. Could see definitely was not the sun, moon or an airplane. There was no vapor trails or noise. End of report.

Minutes by R. S. Williamson
Rescue Chief of Lake Co. C P

U F O Interview at Chardon, Ohio, Sheriff's Office Nov. 8, 1957
9:00 P M of [redacted]

Present at this interview was a group of C D Personnel, Col. Leroy John, Area Director of Ohio Civil Defense; Charles Reineke, Administrative Asst. 5th Area C D; K. E. Locke, Lake County Director and Commandeer of 5th Area Support; R. S. Williamson, Rescue Chief of Lake County C D, and three people from Columbus, representing W F B K, TV Station. Also the Sheriff and three deputies of Geauga County.

Mr. [redacted] said he was coming from Painesville toward his home when he sighted this object. He stated he was driving on a road and the other landing on a knoll about five hundred feet to the right of the field. He stopped about 200 yards from the object and saw some cars in the field; he stopped about two hundred feet from his car and thought he should have a witness to what he saw. He returned to his car and drove to his home to get his wife to go back and see this object.

Upon arriving at the scene he found the object was gone. They returned home and Mrs. [redacted] called the sheriff to report the incident.

Mr. [redacted] was then asked as to the color, and shape and noises of this object.

He replied, the color was a bluish green color much the same as a luminous watch with a metallic appearance. The noise of the object was similar to a quiet generator, and much like the sound of a running light now used to measure electricity in the home.

Cont'd.


- page 104 -

Here is the text from the document:

PAGE 2

The shape of the object was to his description, something shaped like a Mexican hat with the crown being about fourteen to eighteen feet wide and the rim being about twenty to twenty-five feet across.

Mr. [redacted] was then asked about vision into the object or seeing any people or things about the object. The answer was he had seen nothing nor could he see into the object.

Mr. [redacted] was then asked why he was absent for a whole day and night after this happened.

He explained of his fears of the bearings and the general attitude of his fellow workers.

Mr. [redacted] was then asked if he had forgotten to mention anything else that might help to throw some light on subject for the investigators of these matters.

He said no, that was all he knew and saw.

Mr. [redacted] was then interviewed and gave this account of the incident. Asked how he was notified, he said by Radio and called to Sheriff Area to have someone meet him at the scene.

After twenty micrometers to one hundred and fifty different checks in the center of the area. He then decided to check again later which he did about three hours after. He told of checking a radius of twenty micrometers. He also told of checking a woman and a point of twenty micrometers. The rock was checked for radiation. Result was a reading of twenty to sixty four micrometers, which is not normal lack at any time.

[Signature]
Escue, Chief Lake County C.D.


- page 105 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

'Thing' Over Geauga
Makes Geiger Click

A "thingnik" that might have zoomed over Geauga County early yesterday was blamed for picking a car with radioactive material.

It was the later in a report by Kenneth Moore, field director for Greater Cleveland Civil Defense who was watching the heavens.

Moore was driving along Route 6 near Chardon when he said he saw the "thing" pass over Route 6 and Route 44 near Chardon.

Later his Moore continued to Geauga County Sheriff's office, where he called Kenneth Koebel of Kirtland, paid director of Lake County Civil Defense, a Geauga County counterpart.

Then were in the scene shortly and picked up radioactivity on 150 Roentgen meter where Moore said the "thing" had passed.

Moore said he did not know if the "thing" was a plane or any other aerial object - just a "thing".

Mildred Worrel, wife of Truman Worrel on Route 6, said she saw something fly over their home site to Chardon to Lake in the direction Moore indicated.

'Thing' Makes
Geauga Field
Radioactive
Car Pockmarked, TV
Reception Hurt
- From First Page -

about about strange markings she discovered in the roof and windshield of her car.

It had been parked outside all night, only about a half mile from where Moore said he saw the "thingnik".

When she got up, she said, and looked working over the field with the Geauga County, she discovered what was wrong.

When she heard her story, Koebel said he measured from 25 to 60 roentgens, "real whopping lot".

"No, but a normal car doesn't have any radioactivity," Koebel said. "This is a gas tank 240 roentgens."

The rest of the text appears to be partially illegible or cut off.


- page 106 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
1/11/57
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 5 PM
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
MONTVILLE                MONTVILLE                OHIO
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town             State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
                Hours    5    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
     a. Certain
     b. Fairly Certain    c. Not very sure
                          d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight      e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (15 OCT 54)


- page 107 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

3. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
3.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

3.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

(Circle One)
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No

a. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other

(Circle One)
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No


- page 108 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor walls. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember
               e. Other

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The writing in the handwritten section at the bottom of the page is partially illegible, but appears to read:
"The defense left" and something about "Air Force" but the rest is not clearly readable.

The document also contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO, shaped like a saucer or disk, with measurements noted: 14" height and 28" width.


- page 109 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   6 November 1957
                                                                Vista del Mar, California

                        SPACEMEN ON THE VISTA DEL MAR, CALIFORNIA, BEACH?

On November 6th, the Los Angeles Mirror-News printed an account of an incident said to have occurred early that morning (5:10 a.m.) on the beach along Vista del Mar at Playa del Rey. According to a Long Beach man named [redacted] (not to be confused with [redacted]), he had been driving to work at Santa Monica when his car motor stalled and quit; two other drivers who had been similarly afflicted identified as [redacted] of Redondo Beach and [redacted] of Torrance. As he got out of his car [redacted] in a blue haze on the beach. He described it as "solid metal, tan or cream in color, with two metal rings around it on which it rested." Two five-foot-five men, dressed somewhat like motorcyclists, emerged and spoke to the three "Fridgehead" witnesses in broken English.

"They wanted to know where we were going, who we were, what time it was, and questions like that," [redacted] said. "Their skin seemed to be sort of yellowish-green in the early light, but they looked like earth-people to me. I thought they invited us to coffee, but I couldn't understand too well and said I had to go to work."

Two days later [redacted], Mirror-News columnist, commented as follows:
"It goes against my nature to believe [redacted]'s tale. But a few years ago I would have made a flat statement. And now I can't. If those two witnesses were there, I wish they'd come forward. Because, gentlemen, while I hate to admit it, I'm all shook up."

Meanwhile, West Coast CSI member Isabel Epperson was busy checking. "Because of the similarity of the name [redacted], I was suspicious at first; having had a little experience behind the scenes in politics, I have no illusions left as to ways and means of discrediting people. NICAP's pressure is beginning to be felt, and I could not help but wonder if this was some kind of scheme to discredit [redacted]. In the eyes of the public who have not heard of him. After all, [redacted] was a sensation and a recognized mental case overnight. By the same means, the name [redacted] could be made notorious overnight to many people. You can readily see where this would put NICAP. However, I believe now that the names being so nearly the same is purely coincidental."

Mrs. Epperson attempted to locate the alleged two other witnesses. Checking local telephone directories, she found six [redacted] in Redondo and three [redacted] in Torrance. She began calling the [redacted] and simply asked for [redacted].

"In every case they said 'there is no one here by that name.' When I asked if there was anyone in their family named [redacted], they all said no. Then I asked if anyone else had called and asked for [redacted], and in every case, they said 'no.'"

None of the [redacted] Mrs. Epperson called were the [redacted] she was looking for, but all three said they had received similar calls.


- page 110 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length:
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

Choices for size comparison:
g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One) of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give us a clearer picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 111 -

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Open countryside
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Text appears to be handwritten but is illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular directions), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

Page 5


- page 112 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 113 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day _________ Month _________ Year _________

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes ___ No ___

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes ___ No ___

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Blank lines for names and addresses]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes ___ No ___

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines for response]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially illegible handwritten response]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 114 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? ____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [partially visible: MANSFIELD, Ohio]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

What is your present job? TEACHER

Age 50    Sex MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College [circled]
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day ____    Month ____    58 Year


- page 115 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repost information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: [Redacted]

[The rest of the page contains handwritten text that is partially illegible due to redactions]


- page 116 -

Page 10 is written at the top right of the document.

The text on the page appears to be handwritten and partially illegible. The parts I can make out include:

"Hqypm" (first line, partially legible)
"defense of" (second line, partially legible)

There are also some other handwritten lines and scribbles, but the full text is not clearly readable. There are two small black dots at the top of the page and what appears to be a couple of dark marks or sketches on the page.


- page 117 -

Dictaphone copies of the
tape recording of Mr.
Tabers interview of
Mr. Moore.


- page 118 -

SHERIFF'S REPORT

age 28 of p... reported to me that he saw object
501 across a cone shaped top the light in it would get dim and then bright
it had a hum to it like a electric meter 11:09 P.M. 11-6-57 changed colors
as it settled down it seemed to split before it about 30,000 ft it had
metallic glow like the phosphris on a wrist watch

COLOR OF OBJECT
PHOSPHORUS
Sounded like meter ticking

Copy of Sheriff's Report of Investigation
11-6-57


- page 119 -

THE OBJECT WAS REPORTED TO HAVE LANDED IN THIS CORN FIELD ON THE LITTLE MOUND IN FRONT OF THE OFFICER. THE CAMERA FACES WEST.


- page 120 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   6 November 1957
                                                                       Connecticut Valley &
                                                                       Leominster, Massachusetts

Mr. [redacted]'s letter also mentioned briefly three other reports he has recently
received. We must mention them even more precisely, with fuller accounts later if
possible.  1) November 6, 1957, 4 p.m.: Very large, silvery cigar-shaped object
seen moving slowly down the Connecticut Valley; "it had no wings, and was like noth-
ing I ever saw before." Possibly corroborated from N. Leominster, Mass, 40 mi. east
of Greenfield, where a silvery cigar-shaped object was reported seen at 4 p.m. to
the west.


- page 121 -

The image contains two black and white photographs of what appears to be an open field or agricultural landscape. Both images show a similar scene with a flat, textured ground that looks like a plowed or harvested field. There are some trees or vegetation visible on the horizon line in both images. The top and bottom photographs are slightly different in perspective, with the bottom image showing more detail of the landscape. The page has two hole punches at the top and appears to be part of an official document or report.

No text is visible in this image.


- page 122 -

There is no legible text on this document. The image contains two black and white photographs of what appears to be an agricultural field or farmland, with rows of crops or plants and trees in the background. The images look very similar, with slight variations in perspective or framing.


- page 123 -

F.I.M
Nov. 6, 1957
Montville, OHIO
Observers: [redacted]
FILE # 1003482
IN CUSTODY OF AUDIO-VISUAL DIVISION

V375


- page 124 -

This case includes dictaphone copies (2) of tape recording of INTERVIEW of [redacted], size 4" x 5" photos, and a ROLL OF NEGATIVES (in following folder).


- page 125 -

AFCIN-142, Weekly Activity Report

SUBJECT: UFO Program                                                                11 March 1959

1. On 10 March 1959, Major Robert J. Friend and M/Sgt Oliver D. Hill of the Aerial Phenomena Group, AFCIN-142, made a trip to the Montville, Ohio area for the purpose of investigating an Unidentified Flying Object sighting reported to the Sheriff's Office by Mr. [redacted], who lives near Montville. This is an old case, 6 November 1957, but has caused the Air Force much in the way of manpower, and to some extent endangers its prestige, due to exploitation by private UFO investigators.

2. The Air Technical Intelligence Center had no report from an Air Force source or from Mr. [redacted] himself, therefore, all of the information was hearsay, and as such relatively unreliable.

3. The investigation was successful. Mr. [redacted] was very cooperative and it was learned that many of the statements attributed to him were untrue. One such statement is that he ([redacted]) was carried to the Defense Department and interrogated for two days, then warned not to mention where he had been or why.

4. As a result of this investigation the Air Technical Intelligence Center's conclusion is that Mr. [redacted] UFO probably was a "fireball".

(PPN-STOL Maj. R. J. Friend, 6-9216)
(UNCLASSIFIED)


- page 126 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

25 March 1959

MEMO FOR RECORD -

SUBJECT: Olden Moore Sighting, 6 November 1957

1. Background.

a. On 6 November 1957, Mr. [redacted] of the Montville, Ohio area sighted an Unidentified Flying Object while approximately two miles northwest of his home on the highway from Painesville to Montville. This case was never investigated by the Air Force, nor was there on hand a report completed by Mr. [redacted]. The only available information on this case was from a very sketchy report prepared by the civil defense and letters to the ATIC from Mr. [redacted], a private UFO investigator of Mansfield, Ohio (see Tab A). A summary of the sighting as appears in the Civil Defense Report is that Mr. [redacted] saw this Flying Object flying at terrific speed, hovering, and then land in a nearby field on a farm owned by Mr. [redacted]. Mr. [redacted] rushed home and brought his wife to see the object, but found it was gone. [redacted] reports his sighting to Sheriff Louis Robusky of Geauga County, and the civil defense was called in to investigate. The civil defense went to the site of the reported landing, but found no evidence of a space vehicle. The radiation level as measured with three different counters was on the order of 150 milliroentgens as opposed to a normal background level of twenty milliroentgens.

b. In the Civil Defense Report it was reported that Mr. [redacted] stated he had been spirited away to the Department of Defense for a period of two days. At the DOD he was questioned concerning his experience and warned not to tell of the DOD interest or where he had been taken. Mr. [redacted] has exploited this case in his writings to the Air Force. In view of this it was decided to investigate this case in spite of its one and one half year age.

2. Facts for Consideration.

a. On 26 February 1959, Major Friend and M/Sgt Hill visited Mansfield, Ohio to contact Mr. [redacted] concerning a February sighting by him and also concerning the Olden Moore case. Mr. [redacted] in the Mansfield High School, was immediately recognized as one of the original organizers of the National Investigations Committee of Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), and never committed himself to affiliation with any organization at the present time. Mr. [redacted] however, was the initiator of a tape-recording service for UFO fans. All that is necessary to get a recording is to send a blank tape and return postage to Mr. [redacted] and he would send you the recording of your request. These tape recordings were either speeches by UFO adherents or interviews with witnesses. Mr. [redacted] had such a


- page 127 -

recording of his interview with Mr. [redacted]. In summary, the tape
recording is essentially the same information as in the Civil Defense
Report. (Tab B)

b. On 10 March 1959, Major Friend and M/Sgt Hill of the Aerial
Phenomena Group, AFCIN-4546, visited Chardon, Paynesville and Montville,
Ohio in connection with the case. The first contact in the
area was made with Sheriff Louis Robusky at his office in Chardon, Ohio.
The sheriff was very cooperative and revealed all of the information in
his files concerning the case; this was, however, little because the
investigation was turned over to the civil defense. The sheriff indi-
cated that he heard about the case the morning after the sighting when
Mr. [redacted] came in to report what he had seen. The sheriff's impression
was that Mr. [redacted] was frightened by what he had seen. The sheriff's
report contained a drawing of the object made by Mr. [redacted], a copy of
which is attached as Tab C.

c. In Paynesville, Ohio contact was made with Mr. [redacted].
Mr. [redacted] also was very cooperative, and has an avid interest in Unidentified Flying Object sightings. Mr.
[redacted] pointed out that he was one of the three persons that took readings
of the radiation level in the area after the [redacted] sighting and that the
reading was approximately 150 milliroentgens. Mr. [redacted] further pointed
out that there were some markings like foot prints, starting nowhere
and going nowhere and three others which were very deep, in a diameter
of approximately 18 feet. The marks were approximately 6 inches by
4 inches. Plaster casts of these marks were made by Case Institute in
Cleveland, Ohio. Samples of the earth were also taken to be given
radiation analysis. The radiation level was reported as high, but no
specific readings given.

d. A visit was made to the farm of Mr. [redacted], where the
object was reported to have fallen. Mr. [redacted], a quiet relatively
unconcerned farmer, showed no interest whatever in the sighting. Mr.
[redacted] said that Mr. [redacted] was near his house and should have come
rather than drive four miles or so to his home and back. Mr.
[redacted] allowed Major Friend and M/Sgt Hill to visit the area where the
object was supposed to have been on the ground. The area is in the middle
of a corn field and on a small knoll. During this investigation the field
was snow covered and very soggy. Footprints noted in the area during the
investigation were those of rabbits, muskrats, birds and dogs. Radiation
level at the time, even with the snow, was below the normal background
reading of 20 milliroentgens.

e. The final visit was made to Mr. [redacted] to obtain first
hand information concerning his sighting. Mr. [redacted] had moved and was
located only by intensive leg work, finally being traced through a
meat packing company where he works. Mr. [redacted] was immediately recep-
tive and the following is the interview as closely as it can be remem-
bered:

2


- page 128 -

Major Friend - Mr. [redacted]. I am Major Friend from the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio (shows credentials). I am here regarding your sighting of 6 November 1957.

Mr. [redacted] - (Looks at credentials and smiles) Uh huh.

Major Friend - Generally describe what you saw Mr. [redacted], and then I will ask you some specific questions.

Mr. [redacted] - I was coming home from Paynesville, Ohio on Route #86. I was approximately three miles from home when I saw this thing through the windshield of the car. It was traveling from right to left and appeared to be going up and getting larger. Its color was blue-white with a green tint. There didn't seem to be any sound associated with this thing until it had passed over the car and came to rest in the field (see Tab D). The sound as it passed over the car was a whirring sound, like a light motor. There was no smell associated with the item. My first impulse was to rush over to where the item landed, then I changed my mind and drove home to get my wife. On my return there was no evidence of the object on that site had been there.

Major Friend - Was there only one object?

Mr. [redacted] - It appeared to become two just as it went over the car.

Major Friend - What was the direction in which your car was headed?

Mr. [redacted] - South - southeast.

Major Friend - Can you be sure there was an absence of sound or was it possible you couldn't hear it with the car going?

Mr. [redacted] - I can't be sure.

Major Friend - How long was the object in sight?

Mr. [redacted] - Approximately three (3) seconds.

Major Friend - How fast were you driving?

Mr. [redacted] - Fifty miles per hour.

Major Friend - Did you apply brakes as soon as you saw the object?

Mr. [redacted] - Yes.

Major Friend - Was the object in sight until the car came to a complete stop?

3


- page 129 -

Here is the text from the document:

- No, only after it appeared to be on the ground.

Major Friend - When you first saw the object which half of the wind-
shield did it appear to be in, the upper or the lower?

Mr. - The lower.

Major Friend - You have already stated it disappeared over the car which
means it moved to the upper half of your windshield?

- Yes.

Major Friend - Did the object hover or stop at any time?

- Only when it was on the ground.

Major Friend - Did you see it take off after it was on the ground?

- No.

Major Friend - You have mentioned everything except size and shape.
Can you give me any information in these areas?

- Yes, the object was very small and then became much larger,
and it was generally round.

Major Friend - Mr. , have any other government officials contacted you?

- Yes, I think an Air Force man, but after seeing you, I
don't know.

Major Friend - What was his name, rank and organization?

- His name was and he was from Youngstown, Ohio.
I don't know his rank.

Major Friend - I understand, Mr. , that you were taken to the
Department of Defense for questioning, is this true?

- No. (Smiling)

Major Friend - Mr. , have you been contacted by any other people
regarding your experience?

- Yes, quite a number of crackpots call and come to see me.
(Mrs. chimes in with "These guys have dedicated their
lives to these things. A Mr. made tape recordings.")

Major Friend - Mr. what do you think you saw?

- I don't know, but I wish someone would tell me. (Mrs.
chimes in, "There must be some logical explanation.")

4


- page 130 -

Major Friend - Mr. [redacted]. I think you saw an exceptional meteor called a "Fireball". A meteor which is as bright or brighter than ~3 magnitude; that means approximately 10 times as bright as the brightest star, and considerably larger than the meteors, or "shooting stars" as they are commonly known. Fireball are rare and usually a person experiences only one, if that, in a lifetime. If you are not aware of its nature before hand, and under any circumstances if it comes close enough, it can be a very frightening experience. A fluttering, or whirring sound may be associated with these fireballs. At times witnesses have reported these meteors to have struck the ground and the same object has been seen two or three hundred miles away.

Mr. [redacted] - I certainly am glad you explained to me what I saw.

Major Friend - Mr. [redacted], I further think that because of the startling effect on this experience that you also suffered some illusions in connection with it. Rather than the object moving from your right to your left, I believe the motion was more toward you, which accounts for the rapid change in size of the object and its apparent increase in elevation. This too could account for your not hearing the object until it was over or past you; remember it was moving many times faster than the speed of sound. Finally, some glow or reflection caused you to think this object had landed in the field, it probably continued on its way until it burned out.

3. Discussion and Analysis:

a. Mr. [redacted] is married, has five children and is a man of less than moderate means. It is our opinion that he (he was on several television programs and had some articles written) aid the publicity (see Tab B). The facts as he gave them in his interview with Major Friend are probably the truth.

b. It is our opinion that the civil defense people it was difficult to tell if this was organizational policy or due to the fact that Mr. [redacted] was quite a UFO fan.

c. Other witnesses saw an object with the same description as the same night and same time. It is our opinion that the late hour and low population density are the factors responsible for such few witnesses of this object. Mr. [redacted] fortunately or unfortunately, happened to be in position to have the object pass closer to him than any of the other witnesses.

d. It seems quite logical that the meteor seen by Mr. [redacted] was quite near burn out. It probably burned out or exploded and some extremely small pieces hit the earth soon after it passed over Mr. [redacted].


- page 131 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   6 November 1957
                                                                                       Everittstown, New Jersey

                                                FROO-EYED - DOO EYED

Among the many remarkable reports dated November 6, 1957, the following almost escaped our attention. A physician friend told Jules St. Germain about the story, which appeared in the Delaware Valley News (a weekly) on Nov. 15. At Jules' request Dick Harpster, CSI member and a veteran newspaperman who lives in Washington, N. J., and has actively participated in investigating the Menzer tales, talked to the witnesses. He also sent us the story from the News, and intends to get more information to answer further questions from the data-greedy Research Section of CSI.

About dusk on November 6 John Trasco had just returned to his home in Everittstown, N. J., from his work at a paper mill in New Hope, Pa., and went outdoors to feed King, the Guernsey-old, chained-colored, half-blind, bad-tempered Belgian police dog who was tied up at the side of the house. Mrs. Trasco, at the kitchen window, heard King barking furiously, and looked out to see a bright light in front of the barn, which is 60-70 feet from the house, with a shrubbery between. "I thought at first it was a pond or puddle of water" (reflecting the last light of the sky), Mrs. Trasco said. Then she realized that she was looking at a luminous egg-shaped object, 9 to 12 feet long, hovering - "just going up and down" - a few feet off the ground in front of the barn.

Because of the shrubbery she did not see the "little man" that her husband confronted. The visitor was 2 1/2 or 3 feet high, "dressed in a green suit with shiny buttons, with a green hat like a tam and gloves with a shiny object at the tip of each glove." He had a putty-colored face, a nose and chin, and large, protuberant, frog-like eyes. In a voice that was "sharp and scary" he spoke to Mr. Trasco, in "broken language, as if he came from 'the other side.'" What Mr. Trasco thought he said was, "We are peaceful people. We don't want no trouble. We just want your dog."

Mrs. Trasco, inside the house, could hear the sound of the voice, and she clearly heard her husband, frightened but angry, yell, "Get the hell out of here!" At this point, the creature re-entered the object - by what means, is still uncertain, since Mrs. Trasco said her husband had seen no doors, portholes, or other opening. (He also reported that there was not much noise. "It was about like what you'd hear inside a ship.") The object then went fast up into the sky, like a tatter of flame that breaks off an outdoor bonfire and goes up, as Mrs. Trasco put it. King, by this time, was so worked up that he was frothing. "Was there any evidence left behind at all?" Harpster asked Mrs. Trasco (when we talked to Dick, he had spoken only to Mrs. Trasco). "Well, John tried to grab one of them," she (another detail to be checked) since there was no other specific statement indicating more than one creature), "and he got some kind of green powder on his wrist, but it washed right off." He found some under his fingernails the next day, too." There are no houses on the road opposite the Trascos, and the houses on either side of them were unoccupied.

The couple told no one of their experience, because "we knew no one would believe us," except a sister-in-law, through whom the story probably reached the newspaper. The sister-in-law had attended a meeting conducted by Howard Menger about a year before; but the Trasco's had not been at all impressed by her report on Menger; in fact, they take only the mildest interest in even such things as Sputnik, in the same issue of the News that printed their story appeared an editorial that scoffed at the entire report.

Says Mrs. Trasco, "If it happens again I'll probably get right in the car and go away from this place." To Mr. Harpster she added, "But I told John, we should have let them take King. He's half-blind and so cross I don't know who else would ever want him." Says Dick Harpster, "I just haven't been able to think of one reason for not believing them." One final detail, the night after the visit, two lights shone over the house. Mrs. Trasco says, "they didn't move, as the lights of an airplane do." They lingered for a while, then disappeared without a trace.


- page 132 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

car. It is our opinion the residue from this meteor could account for
the increase in the radiation level and that a smoke formation could account
for Mr. 's other illusions.

e. Major Friend pointed out to Mr. that public anxieties
over radiation could be curtailed by also supplying the newspapers with
information as to what constitutes a dangerous level. Mr. was not
too receptive to this suggestion, indicating that the newspapers wanted
only information which would make sales.

4. Conclusion.

a. Mr. and the other witnesses probably saw a meteor of
exceptional brightness and size, a "Fireball". A fireball is defined as
a meteor as bright or brighter than -3 magnitude. These meteors may have
curved or irregular paths due to irregular shapes. Fireballs may appear
white, blue, green, red, yellow, orange, pink or purple. Usually these
meteors leave trains which may also be varicolored and may change color
after being left. Trains when seen in the daytime appear as smoke; a
good percentage of these meteors burst at the ends of their paths and
may leave a cloud of smoke which expand uniformly or in a certain
direction.

Prepared by
Major Robert J. Friend

M/Sgt O. D. Hill


- page 133 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM
See Nearing WX
Cottons Test Chart
Ref Query

TO: HEADQUARTERS, USAF
SECT'Y OF AIR FORCE, INFO SVS
ATTN: MAJ BAKER
WASHINGTON, D.C.

FROM: ATIC-WR 12-1957

Ref query to ATIC re blue-green globular object reported by many over
Cleveland, Ohio on night 6 Nov, and press inquiries to your office.

Fit vectored over Cleveland to check. No obj in air. However,
scattered clouds and contrails, with searchlights up from Cleveland
found. Proved repeatedly that blue or greenish-white beams often will
blend with background, and only circular or elliptical reflection of
searchlights underneath scattered clouds visible. This gives illusion
of solid object moving rapidly in sky.

Report states movement counter-clockwise in circle. This typical of
searchlights. Reporting observers cannot be considered very reliable
as to size; basketball size at arm's length would make object
almost 3 miles in diameter at given altitude.

COORDINATION: ATIC-WR
TYPED: Col. H. K. Gilbert

SIGNATURE: J. A. Archer
DATE: 6 DEC 1957

The document appears to be a Joint Messageform with various official markings and details about a reported UFO sighting over Cleveland, Ohio.


- page 134 -

Here is the text from the document:

END-A-687

RR RJEPHQ
DE RJEPHQ
R 3S1502Z

FM DIR ATI AFCIN-4 WPAFB OHIO
TO RJEPHQ/HQ USAF SECY OF AIR FORCE INFO SVCS WASHDC
INFO RJEPHQ/ACS/I HQ USAF WASHDC
BT

UNCLASSIFIED/FROM AFCIN-4E4 CITE-12-1927-E. ACTION TO ATIN MAJ
TACKER INFO TO AFCIN-X1 /E/ MAJOR BYRNES.

REQ QUERY TO ATIC RE BLUE-GREEN GLOBULAR OBJECT REPORTED BY MANY
OVER CLEVELAND CMM OHIO ON NIGHT 6 NOV CMM AND PRESS INQUIRIES
TO YOUR OFFICE. FLT VECTORED OVER CLEVELAND TO CHECK. NO OBJ IN
AIR. HOWEVER CMM SCATTERED CLOUDS AND CONTRAILS CMM WITH
SEARCHLIGHTS UP FROM CLEVELAND FOUND. PROVED REPEATEDLY THAT BLUE
OR GREENISH-WHITE BEAMS OFTEN WILL BLEND WITH BACKGROUND CMM AND
ONLY CIRCULAR OR ELLIPTICAL REFLECTION OF SEARCHLIGHTS UNDERNEATH
SCATTERED CLOUDS VISIBLE. THIS GIVES ILLUSION OF SOLID OBJECT
MOVING RAPIDLY IN SKY. REPORT STATES MOVEMENT COUNTER-CLOCKWISE
IN CIRCLE. THIS TYPICAL OF SEARCH LIGHTS. REPORTING OBSERVERS
CANNOT BE CONSIDERED VERY RELIABLE AS TO EST SIZE CLN BASKETBALL
SIZE AT ARMS LENGTH WOULD MAKE OBJECT ALMOST 3 MILES IN DIAMETER
AT GIVEN ALTITUDE.
BT

26/2254Z DEC RJEPHQ
ACTION: SAFIS
INFO : CIN

AF IN : 9322 (7 Dec 57)

G/jwp


- page 135 -

Here is the text from the document:

TWO ROUTING SLIP

NAME OR TITLE: MAJOR L. J. TACKER

ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: SAFTS-3 - OSAF

Remarks:
Larry- The Air Force (ATIC) received no report on this alleged sighting. Further, upon receipt of this letter we checked with the GOC and radar unit in that area and they report nothing unusual for that day and they do not receive any such report.

A check of balloon launchings shows that there was a very large, high altitude, balloon over the area on 6 Nov 57. However the balloon would not fit the description of anything having landed.

The sighting report probably got no further than a news story.

Summary, mailed.

FROM NAME AND TITLE: [partially obscured]
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: AFTOIN-433

Date: 21 Feb 58
Telephone: 2-260

DD FORM 95 [bottom of form]


- page 136 -

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

Date stamp: 19 FEB 58 23 152

ACTION: ROUTING
INFO: FROM: COMDR ATIC

TO: COMDR, 662ND ACWRON, BROOKFIELD, OHIO

/UNCLASSIFIED/FROM: AFCIN-424 2-306-E

REQUEST CHECK OF YOUR RECORDS IF ANY UFO SIGHTINGS REPORTED FROM YOUR AREA OF JURISDICTION ON 6 NOVEMBER 1957, PARTICULARLY RADAR.

REPLY SOONEST: IN REPLY REFER TO QUOTE UFO CASE -

CLS QUOTE UNQUOTE

COORDINATION:
AFCIN-424 (Signed: Harriet Milgate) 18 FEB 58
AFCIN-42 (Signed: HK Wilks)

TYPED NAME AND TITLE: Capt. G.P. Gregory
PHONE: 69216
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

TYPED (or stamped) NAME AND TITLE: WALLACE W. ELWOOD
Captain, USAF
Assistant Adjutant

DD FORM 173 REPLACES DD FORM 173, 1 OCT 45, WHICH WILL BE USED UNTIL EXHAUSTED


- page 137 -

PAGE TWO RJEDBW 3B
REPORTED WEATHER CLEAR. 8. NEG. 9. SILVERTONE HAD
FILIBUSTER BROWN FLIGHT UNDER CONTROL AND GASBAG
REQUESTED THEY BE VECTORED TO CLEVELAND FOR OBSERVATION.
THIS WAS ACCOMPLISHED AT 00130Z. FILIBUSTER BROWN
REPORTED NO OBJECTS SIGHTED, HOWEVER THERE WERE
CONTRAILS IN THE AREA. YOUNGSTOWN WEATHER REPORTED CONTRAIL LEVEL
TO BE 32 ANGELS AND UP. FILIBUSTER BROWN ALSO REPORTED SEARCHLIGHTS
COMING FROM THE CITY OF CLEVELAND. 10. NEG. 11. THESE
SIGHTINGS COULD HAVE BEEN THE REFLECTIONS OF THE
SEARCHLIGHTS FROM CLEVELAND OFF THE SCATTERED CLOUDS.
HORSEFLY REPORTED MANY SIMILAR UFOB REPORTS AT THIS TIME.
1ST LT. WILLIAM H. SCHREINER, INT OFFICER
AT TIME OF SIGHTING. 12. NEG. END OF UFOB REPORT. NO
RADAR OBSERVATION FROM THIS STATION.
BT
22/1632Z FEB RJEDBW


- page 138 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

This is in reply
to ATIC at 17 43 50 at
Bn o'clock in the UFO area

RE101
V SQF120BWA075
RR RJEDSQ
DE RJEDBW 3B
R 211300Z
FM COMDR GS22 ACWRON BROOKFIELD AFSTA BROOKFIELD OHIO
TO COMDR AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB
BT

/UNCL/ INT 2-125. YOUR AFCIN-424 2-306-5, UFO CASE-
OIS QUERY. FOLLOWING UFOB REPORT WAS RECEIVED FROM CANTON OHIO
COC AT 001102, 7 NOV 57. 1. ROUND SHAPE, SIZE OF
BASKETBALL, COLOR BLUE-GREEN, ONE OBJECT. 2. ALTITUDE 30
ANGELS, DIRECTION OF MOVEMENT COUNTER-CLOCKWISE, IN SIGHT
5 MINUTES, SPEED UNKNOWN. 3. VISUAL SIGHTING. 4. DATEWC
001102, 7 NOV 57, NIGHT. 5. OBJECT SEEN OVER CLEVELAND, OHIO.
6. MR. MAYFIELD OHIO. NOT AN
EXPERIENCED OBSERVER. 7. WX SCATTERED CLOUD FORMATIONS OVER CLEVELAND
AT 30 ANGELS. ACCORDING TO YOUNGSTOWN OHIO WEATHER OBSERVER.


- page 139 -

CTW100 WUS241 CT CAA290 NL PD
CANTON OHIO 20
COMMANDER ATIC
WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO

REFERENCE UFO CASE [REDACTED] CIS QUERY NO RECORD THIS STATION.

662D AC&W BROOKFIELD OHIO HAS RECORD OF A REPORT IN CLEVELAND
AREA ON DATE IN QUESTION

COMMANDER CANTON FILTER CENTER

UFO CIS 662D AC&W

(907 PME FE20 53)

[There are also some handwritten notes on the document that are partially illegible, but appear to include references to "662nd" and some additional commentary.]


- page 140 -

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION    UNCLASSIFIED

19 FEB 58 23    15:    SC4756

PRECEDENCE    ROUTINE    TYPE MSG (Check)    ACCOUNTING SYMBOL    ORIG. OR REFERS TO    CLASSIFICATION

ACTION    ROUTINE    BOOK    MULTI    SINGLES    AF    ORIGINAL    OF REFERENCE

FROM:    AFCIN-424

TO:    COMDR, CANTON FILTER CENTER, 916 E. CLEVELAND AVENUE, N.W.
        CANTON, OHIO

UNCL/UNCLASSIFIED/FROM: AFCIN-424    2-307-6

REQUEST CHECK OF YOUR RECORDS IF ANY UFO SIGHTINGS REPORTED FROM
YOUR AREA OF JURISDICTION ON 6 NOVEMBER 1957, PARTICULARLY RADAR.

REPLY SOONEST. IN REPLY REFER TO QUOTE UFO CASE ----- CIS
OUR QUERY UNQUOTE

COORDINATION
AFCIN-424    Henry W. Miley    DATE 18 FEB 58
             Dr. Henry W. Miley

AFCIN-42    HWM                DATE

Col B. K. Gilbert

DATE    18    MONTH    FEB    YEAR    58    TIME    0500

SYMBOL    AFCIN-424

TYPED NAME AND TITLE    Capt G.T. Gregory    SIGNATURE

PHONE    69616    PAGE    1    OF    1    PAGES

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION    UNCLASSIFIED

DD FORM 173    REPLACES DD FORM 173, 1 OCT 48, WHICH WILL BE USED UNTIL EXHAUSTED


- page 141 -

EXTRACT FROM ARTICLE BY CHAS A. MANEY

On the night of November 9, 1957, from 11:30 p.m., driving home from Findlay, Ohio, was parked off a disc-shape bright object suddenly looming up in front of him, seemingly split-second apart. He continued apparently observing the object falling, one field near the road. This locality is about thirty miles east of Cleveland. This incident is reported by Mr. [name illegible].

According to an Astronaut account of it is published in the AERO DIGEST of January, 1958. When the object landed, Mr. [name illegible] shut off his car lights and pulled to the side of the road. For several minutes, he noted a ticking sound, somewhat like the tick of a water meter. Later in the day Mr. [name illegible] was questioned by various local authorities. United States Local Representatives, and officials from the Case Institute of Technology. Geiger counter readings taken at the middle of an area fifty feet in diameter where the object had landed, registered ten times normal background radiation. Mr. [name illegible] later went to Washington, D.C. to confer with high officials and had been sworn to secrecy. Further details of this incident are available from the [illegible] administration to show a connection between the sighting of a UFO and the apparent great increase in background activity as registered by a Geiger counter in the vicinity of the sighting.


- page 142 -

