PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
29 June 1957

2. LOCATION
Easton, Maryland

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
2140 EST

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual
☐ Air-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. CMT
30/0300Z

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
three

9. COURSE
E to W

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Three evenly spaced objects, shaped like inverted umbrellas, traveling in single file, giving off light amber glow. No trail or exhaust. Crossed about one mile of sky in 30 seconds. Glow appeared to "throb" at one time before obj disappeared.

11. COMMENTS
F-86 and CAP light planes rptd in area carrying specially designed lights to simulate movement of artificial satellites. The 30 seconds to cross 1 mile is 173 ft/sec or 120 MPH, the general speed of light planes. The "throbbing" amber glow lands credence to any engine exhaust as may be observed from distance.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 16 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

'Metallic' flies to help moonwatchers track satellite
This first satellite (simulated) to take the air, this Air Force Satellite flew over Washington recently in a training program for moonwatchers who will keep track of the new earth satellite. It carried port-size lights, (right) under the fuselage to simulate altitudes up to 1,000 miles.

Also a CG plane to carry lights at 90 to 110 M

Mock-up for Moon Watchers

AN ARTIFICIAL SATELLITE, twice removed from the real thing, was slated to give volunteer observers a taste of the MOONWATCH mission this week. Subbing for the man-made satellite will watch during the next year is an equally artificial standee made of a "plumber's friend" suction cup, a small light-powered motor and some batteries. It was to be tested by light planes of the Civil Air Patrol at exercises designed to train the observers in tracking the satellite. Designed for the test are (left to right) Col. Owen R. Clarke, USAF project officer, Dr. Armand N. Spitz, coordinator of the observation portion of the Earth Satellite Program and Col. Donald T. Spiers, test project officer for the Civil Air Patrol.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for May 25, 1957

Four Planets Now Visible
Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn will be visible to the naked eye in June. In addition, nine bright stars, ranging from Antares to Vega, will be visible during the month.

By JAMES STOKLEY

► FOUR of the five planets ever visible to the naked eye can be seen on June evening. And the fifth, Mercury, may be glimpsed low in the east just before the sun rises.

Venus and Mars are now prominent in appearance. Even before the sky has completely darkened after sunset you may be able to see it low in the west. It will set an hour or so after the sun, a little to the left of where the sun goes down. As it disappears before twilight is entirely over, you will not yet have able to see it in a completely darkened sky, as you will later in the year.

Venus and Mars in West
While Venus is brighter than any other star or planet, magnitude minus 3.5 on the astronomical brightness scale, the next brightest is Mars, magnitude minus 1.5 on the same scale. This is Mars, which was brilliant last autumn at the time of close approach to the earth. Now that it has receded to a distant part of its orbit it has dimmed greatly, having now a magnitude of two.

The position of Mars is indicated on the accompanying star chart. The chart shows the constellation of Gemini, the twins, and just to the left of the stars Castor and Pollux.

Jupiter and Saturn in South
Under two hours after sunset in the southern sky, the bright planet Jupiter, of magnitude minus 2.5, is now in the constellation Virgo, the virgin. It is almost, in fact, in the next constellation eastward, Leo, the lion. It is thus between the bright stars Spica, part of Virgo, and Regulus, in Leo.

Saturn, the last of our planets, likewise is about two hours after sunset in the southeast, actually in Sagittarius, the archer. But it is not as bright as Jupiter, being in the part of Scorpius, the scorpion. The planet appears the same in brightness by about two and a half times.

Bright Stars Visible
In addition to Pollux, Regulus, Spica and Antares, five other stars which the astronomer ranks in the first magnitude can be seen on June evening.

High in the south, above the eastern (left) end of Virgo, is the constellation of Bootes. Another way of finding this star is to look high in the northwest for the familiar group of seven stars that form the Big Dipper.

A line through the two lowest stars in the Dipper, Dubhe and Merak—also known as the pointers—will lead to the bright star Arcturus in Bootes.

If the curved handle of the Dipper is continued toward the south, it will bring you to Arcturus. Still centered, this same star is the brightest in the constellation Bootes.

Even brighter than Arcturus is Vega, in Lyra, the lyre, high in the east and just above the northern cross, which is part of Cygnus, the swan. Another first-magnitude star in this group is Deneb, also in Cygnus.

The main and last tip is shown on our maps as Capella, in Auriga, the charioteer, just barely above the northwestern horizon. And to the right of Capella in the sky is Aldebaran. Its brightness is greatly dimmed by absorption in the earth's atmosphere, and it looks far fainter than it did last winter, when it was shining high in the south.

Saturn and Jupiter Compared
With Jupiter and Saturn both in the evening sky, we have the opportunity of observing and comparing these giant planets that revolve around the sun. They are the biggest among the nine planets. Jupiter is about 88,000 miles in diameter—all too faint to be seen with the naked eye—well as the earth and the five mentioned earlier.

Whereas the diameter of our earth is 7,918 miles, that of Jupiter is 86,500 miles and that of Saturn is 71,500 miles. For the latter, this is the diameter of the ball of the planet, ground which revolves the surface. Several thousand miles above Saturn's equator is the innermost ring. The outermost edge of the system is more than 40,000 miles above that, giving the ring a diameter of 171,000 miles and making Saturn's overall size about twice that of Jupiter.

These rings are not solid, but they are made up of a swarm of millions and millions of small particles. According to the latest ideas, as expressed by Dr. G. P. Kuiper, they seem to be made of snow. Probably the satellites of Saturn, nine in number, have a similar composition.

Jupiter's Structure
In its structure, Jupiter is very different from the earth, which is mostly a solid globe, covered with water and a relatively thin atmosphere.

Jupiter, it is believed, has a core, probably made of rock, which is about 14,000 miles in diameter, or roughly a half of that of the whole planet. Around that is a frozen ocean, a layer of ice some 16,000 miles thick. On the outside is an atmosphere, largely hydrogen, 4,000 miles in thickness, containing clouds of ammonia, methane, and other murkings that are visible from earth through a telescope.

The ball of Saturn has a similar structure, with the rocky core perhaps 28,000 miles in diameter. The ice layer is estimated to be about 6,000 miles thick, but the hydrogen atmosphere is much deeper, with Jupiter's, relatively much deeper.

Thus, the solid part of Saturn is much less in proportion, which makes its atmosphere relatively more important. With a big enough lake in which to immerse the planet, Saturn would actually float!

[The document also includes a star chart diagram showing the positions of various celestial bodies and constellations.]


- page 3 -

Science News Letter for May 25, 175

Symbols for Stars in Order of Brightness

Celestial Time Table for June
JUNE EST
1    11:50 p.m.
2    1:50 a.m.
3    6:00 p.m.
4    11:00 p.m.
5    2:10 a.m.
6    7:47 p.m.

Moon phase Mars
Moon in opposite direction
from sun and nearest distance
Mercury farthest west of sun
Visible for a few hours before
sunrise in east before sunset
Moon nearest distance
Moon in first quarter
Moon passes Jupiter

11    5:57 a.m.   Moon passes Saturn
12    2:08 a.m.   Full Moon
13    8:00 a.m.   Moon farthest
14    Sunrise
15    8:23 a.m.   Moon in last quarter
16    Sunrise     Summer solstice
17    3:51 p.m.   New moon
18    Sunrise
19    Sunrise

Subtract one hour CST, two hours PST
Note: and these times are EST.

Science News Letter, May 25, 1957


- page 4 -

Science News Letter for May 25, 1957

the Week

[The rest of the text is partially legible, but I cannot confidently transcribe all of it without risking introducing errors. The visible header is clear, and the document appears to be a page from a scientific publication called "Science News Letter" dated May 25, 1957, with a section titled "the Week".]


- page 5 -

Source: Flying Saucer MAY 58

SPOTTERS TRACK
'FLYING OBJECT'

The 2nd NORAD Group of the Royal Canadian Air Force
was and may have had one tracking a mysterious flying object
had orders to keep close watch over Chief Observer Herb Har-
the suburban Don Mills area says:

"It's like a little ball of length shifting from east
to south. We have no idea."


- page 6 -

Informed on Only
Source: CSI Bulletin # 20, 25 July 57

1 June 1957

June 1, 1957: Reports from several parts of New Orleans of a "blue streak" falling over the Mississippi River about 10:30 p.m.; in view for more than a minute and reported to have broken in two pieces by at least one observer. - N. O. Times-Picayune, 6/2. (Credit: Dick Hall, New Orleans.)


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                   7 June 1957
                                                             McGuire AFB

UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS                   "Unidentified Aircraft"
CAUSE AIR FORCE                        Alert at McGuire AFB
ALERT, AT McGUIRE AFB                  Still Unexplained

An Air defense alert at McGuire Air     No explosion of the "unidentified
Force Base, New Jersey on June 7,       aircraft" alert of McGuire Air Force Base
1957, has been attested by the Air      on June 7, 1957, has been received by
Force to have been due to "an un-       NICAP, although a request for the details
usual number of temporarily unidenti-   was sent to McGuire AFB almost two
fied aircraft." Although there is no    months ago.
definite linking this alert with
UFOs, NICAP is asking a routine         An Air Force statement on June 7 re-
check since the Air Force final an-     vealed that three fighter squadrons had
nouncement did not state that the       been alerted because of "an unusual number
unidentified aircraft were hostile.     of temporary unidentified aircraft."

This incident, which probably was      We were unable to furnish
routine alert, drew attention of-       additional information as planned and
NICAP headquarters because of an        announced in the No. 1 issue.
earlier, recently received letter.

The McGuire Air Force Base alert        Intercepts lately have been
was called between 2 and 3 p.m. on      friendly planes.
June 7th. A state of defense read-
iness was ordered by the Continental
Air Defense Command. The alert af-
fected two Air defense command
fighter squadrons and a New Jersey
Air National Guard squadron.

The Air Force would "run unusual
number of temporarily unidentified
aircraft" would indicate a very large
formation or group of planes. Nor-
mally, the operation of such forma-
tions would be known by the Air
Defense Command. NICAP will pub-
lish the facts in the following issue
of the UFO INVESTIGATOR.

June 7-McGuire AF Base-2-3pm-Air Defense Alert called due to an unusual
number of temporarily unidentified aircraft. (It has not
yet been revealed if they were UFOs or not.)


- page 8 -

Informed Only
Source: CSI Bulletin # 20, 25 July 57

17-24 June 1957
Bemidji, Minnesota

Week of June 17-24, 1957: Several people at Beaudette, Minnesota, reported big "lantern-like" object in northern sky near horizon. Filter Center at Bemidji stated that they "had reports of the object" and the AF was trying to locate it on radar. — Roseau (Minn.) Times-Region, 6/27.


- page 9 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   18 June 1957
                                                                                       off San Francisco, California

THREE UFO'S IN
V-FORMATION SEEN BY
SHIP CAPTAIN, CREW
Under NICAP Investigation

Three bright, round objects, flying
in a V formation, were sighted on
June 18 by the captain and most of
the crew of a Matson Line freighter,
according to a report made when the
ship reached port in California, near
Capt. C. G. Wertz, skipper of the
Hawaiian Fisherman, was quoted as
stating he had never before seen
anything like the strange objects.
Two of the UFO's, which were later
joined by a third, appeared off the
ship's port beam about 10 p.m. on
June 18, when the freighter was 150
miles from San Francisco.

Chief Electrician Roy Melton, who
first sighted the objects, said through
binoculars they looked like "small
moons, diffusing a cold, white, un-
changing light." Melton estimated
the objects' altitude at about 10,000
feet.

As Capt. Wertz and the ship's crew
watched the two UFO's, a third
round, bright object joined the others,
forming the V formation. As the sky
darkened, the three glowing objects
moved the ship to a while, then
moved off, still in V formation.

NICAP Will Evaluate

NICAP has asked for detailed re-
ports from Capt. Wertz and Chief
Electrician Melton. The Maritime
Commission and airlines operating
between California and Honolulu have
also been queried.

June 18-150 miles off San Francisco, California - 3 round, bright, glowing, white
UFO's in V-Formation, seen by Crew of Freighter. Originally there
were only 2 UFO's, but a third object soon joined them. They raced
the ship at distance 10,000+, then all moved off...(SEA again!)


- page 10 -

Information Only
Source: CSI Bulletin # 20, 25 July 1957

22 June 1957
Rye, New York

June 22, 1957: Large object with two white lights, one red light, seen plunging into Long Island Sound by two Patrolmen at Rye, New York. -- Port Chester (N.Y.)
Item, 6/22.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

FILE CLASS 27
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

AFOIN-484/Capt G.T. Gregory/wa
59216

Multi

AFOIN-4X2
Mrs. [redacted]
R.F.D. 1
Easton, Maryland

AFOIN-4X3 Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

We are in receipt of your letter dated 8 July 1957 in which you
report an unidentified flying object observed by you on the night of
29 June 1957.

The sighting has not been conclusively identified as yet. You
are located adjacent to one of the heaviest air traffics in the
United States, as well as in an area of considerable naval, military
and air training and other operations. A plot of the location given
in delicates 15 be specifically 15 miles from the Annapolis
Academy area, 35 miles from the Aberdeen Army Proving Grounds, and
within a radius of 20 miles from three air traffic lanes.

There is the distinct possibility that you may have observed
a series of lights underneath an aircraft designed for the purpose
of training observers for forthcoming artificial satellite. A
copy of the aircraft in question is attached.

Your prompt reporting of the incident to proper authorities,
and your interest in this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,

Incl
Cy of c/o

WALLACE W. ELWOOD
Captain, USAF
Assistant Adjutant

FORM
TEMP
90 DAYS
INITIAL

FORM 144 (REV 20 FEB 50)    ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET    AF-WP-0-10 NOV 56 BSM


- page 12 -

Information Only
Source: CSI Bulletin # 20, 25 July 57

25 June 1957
Staples, Minnesota

June 25, 1957: Reports of brilliant light seen NW of Staples, Minnesota, moving northwest at very rapid speed. -- Staples World, 6/27.


- page 13 -

June 2-Royal Oak,Mich-Large, yellowish-orange, toplike UFO going SE. It appeared to be just LIGHT, silent, travel slowly & hovered..
June 3-2,000 more U.S. Scientists were stop to Wheelus-Tests now!(AF).
June 5-Canada-Navy announces all Banshee Jets after 2 crashes(in May)...(+)
June 10-Wash,DC-AF announces a new Telescopic-Photographic-Recorder to track & record small "objects" miles away! (Good!).
June 11-Cape Canaveral,Fla-ICBM Atlas explodes. Reporter describes "what appeared to be a light or lighted-out" during sharp turning.
June 11-Glasgow,Scotland-light-12,silent,reddish-yellow UFOs seen by many WA(Scotland town). Rocking, which, trailing sparks..(f)
June 11-20-Lancashire,Eng-5 UFO Sightings during this period.(Wightman).
June 12-Pacific purposes Satellite that'll go MAIN-MASSAGIS(f)
June 15-Leaning,Eng-(in-Pocklington) of 6-7,000ft. estimated 5-60mph Traveled WNW at an altitude of 6-7,000ft. estimated 5-60mph Traveled horizontally 12sec. then shot-up vertically 15sec. & vanished.
UFO resembled Saturn,with windows; He had always thought Saucers were "somewhat absurd".(Clear sky,Estimated Wind Velocity:Trace).
June 18-LaFayette,Ind-5:30am-Red,tublike UFO seen in NE sky by P.D.
June 20-Athens,Tenn-11:15am-Bright,revolving,round UFO going West..(+2 Lightning bolts kill 2 Soldiers,Injure 18 at Ft.Bragg,NC).(+Spec)
June 23-NY Times article on: Crazy Weather this year.(Nuclear-Tests?).
June 24-Savannah,Ga-8:10pm-Brilliant,flaming UFO shoots overhead..
June 25-Greencastle,Ind-Big,fast,red light UFO darting other lights.North.
June 26-San Francisco,Cal-2:06 & 2:57pm-loud,roaring Blasts felt.
Marapi Volcano in Jakarta,Indonesia,erupts-4,000 Villagers escape.
June 30-Kangi,Fal-1:30pm-Large,silver UFO followed by 4 smaller ones).(Pas)
June 30-Van Wert,Ohio-8:06pm-Boys report bright,circular UFOs to P.D.


- page 14 -

1 - 20 JULY 1957 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                    OBSERVER    PHYSICAL (S)    EVALUATION    OTHER (REPORTED)

Jul 1    Belden, Ohio                Civilian                   Aircraft
1        Brooklyn, New York                                     Aircraft
1        Dayton, Ohio (CASE MISSING)                            Other
4        Seattle, Washington          Civilian                  Aircraft
5        Canton, Ohio (CASE MISSING)                            Other
5        Parkton, Maryland                                      Insufficient Data
5        Buffalo, New York (CASE MISSING)                       Astro (STAR)
6        Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland    Military          Balloon
6        Kokomo, Indiana (CASE MISSING)                         Astro (STAR)
7        Peoria, Illinois                                       Balloon
9        Amarillo, Texas                                        Astro (ARCTURUS)
10       Los Angeles, California                                Balloon
10       Hartford, Connecticut                                  Balloon
10-11    Del Rio, Texas                         Military        Balloon
11       Elmira, New York                                       Astro (STAR)
11       Yeaboro, Pennsylvania                                  Balloon
13       Newport Beach, California                              Insufficient Data
13       Denning-Columbus, New Mexico                           Astro (MST308)
15       Covington, Kentucky                                    Other (HOAX, UNRELIABLE)
16       Hastings, Michigan                                     Insufficient Data
16       New York, New York                                     Aircraft Refueling Cp
16       Lorain, Ohio                                           Aircraft
16       Cheyenne, Wyoming                                      Other (CONTRAILS)
16       Las Vegas, Nevada                                      
17       Dallas-Ft. Worth, Texas                Military (RADAR)    Other (BCM)
17       Trenton, New Jersey                                    Aircraft
17       New York, New York                                     Insufficient Data
17       Schenectady-Albany, New York                           Astro (METEOR)
17       Sarasota, Florida                                      Balloon
18       Hamilton, Montana                                      Aircraft
18       Cincinnati, Ohio                                       Insufficient Data
18       Mt. Lemon, ARS, Arizona                Multi (Springfield)    Other (CAROT SIMULAT)
19       Waupon, Wisconsin                      Military (RADAR)    Insufficient Data
19       Dayton, Ohio                                           Insufficient Data
19       Dayton, Ohio                                           Insufficient Data

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASE)

DATE    LOCATION                    SOURCE                      EVALUATION

Jul 1   Universe                    Science News Ltr            Investigating
1       Hatfield, Herts                                         Investigating
2       Long Island, New York                                   Investigating
2       Penns, New Jersey                                       Investigating
5       Campos, Rio State, Brazil                               Investigating
7       Honolulu, Hawaii                                        Investigating
7       West Harrington, Massachusetts                          Investigating
10      Central Springs, Oregon                                 Investigating
11      Rio Claro, Brazil                                       Investigating


- page 15 -

Director of Intelligence
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Flying Objects Report

(1) a. Shape: Like inverted shallow umbrellas without
handle or ribs.

b. Size: Looked about size of dishpans, but do not
know distance away.

c. Color: Light amber glow, about like the enclosed
piece of paper doubled and held close to an
electric light bulb.

d. Number: Three, in single file. No trail or
exhaust.

e. Speed: They took about thirty seconds to cross
over end of open space about one mile wide.

f. Sound: No noise heard above noise of car motor.
Had disappeared before motor was turned off.

g. Maneuvers: Progressed in steady line, going from
east to west, evenly spaced. Disappeared when
hidden by trees on west.

h. Unusual features: No lights seen such as are
shown by planes, either flashing or fixed
white, green or red. Entire smooth surface
glowed with amber light; at first sighting
glow seemed to be throbbing, but by the time
they disappeared their glow was steady.

2. Time: Sighted about 21:40 Saturday, June 29, 1957.

3. Sighting: Visual, through open window of automobile
in slow motion.

4. Location: Seen from lane of "Gross Coate" Farm,
about eight miles WAW from Easton, Maryland, on eastern shore of
Chesapeake Bay. Objects were seen while facing south, looking
across a field which stretches about one mile between woods on
east end and trees on west end. They were about 1/3 of the way up
in the sky, and took about thirty seconds to cross from behind
east woods to behind trees at west end.

5. Identifying information: Was on my way home to my
mother's house after shopping in Easton. I do not drink, and was
not over-tired or nervous. Have never seen anything like


- page 16 -

Flying Objects Report - continued                                 2

these before. Mentioned them to my mother, who told me next day that her employer, Miss [redacted] owner of [redacted] ram had spoken of seeing unidentified Flying Objects the previous evening about half an hour later than the time of my sightings.

6. Weather: Sky overcast with heavy clouds. At first sighting, though objects might be found bright and seen by distant searchlights against under side of clouds; but realized at once that they were much brighter and clearer, and that there was no searchlight beam.

7. Nothing to account for sighting.

8. No physical evidence of sighting.

9. No action taken.

10. No air traffic that I know of in the vicinity. When I stopped motor and got out of car, there was no sound of any planes; farm is many miles from road traffic, and noise of plane in vicinity can be easily heard.

(Mrs. [redacted], R.F.D. 1, Easton, Maryland)

Character witness: [redacted] has been in my employ for fifteen years. She is steady, reliable, and sensible. I believe that the above is an accurate description of what she observed.

(Mrs. [redacted], "Still Waters", Easton, Maryland)


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

MISS
EASTON, MARYLAND                                July 6th 1957

Director of Intelligence
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I am sending you a report along with the flying objects as the view the flying objects from my plane & on the plane vicinity I also saw sighting objects-

I will try & give you a description of what I saw-

The night of June 29th I went out as I do very night-in the plane at 10 P.M. where I was due two & saw three objects while were about 20 miles long & about 175 yards wide, not quite round, that were two of them as far as I know. We was moving north & south & the other some north, they pushed each other directly in their own plane direction, they would pass at the same place with each direction, but not be how far they were, but as they would disappear between the trees, but they came back very quickly. They were in color with medium to light earth & a steady close-in more & felt they were as their coming with so advance, I judge they were not 1/3 up in the sky. The object was not a dot of heavy clouds in the light & there was not a


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

E4

Miss A
EASTON, MARYLAND                                                July 6th 1957

Director of Intelligence
Headquarters United States Air Force
Washington the 25
U.S.C.

Gentlemen

I am sending you a report-along with as she flew the flying off this from my farm & in the Penna district I does Pew flying objects - I will try & give you a descrip of what I saw -

The night of June 29th I went out as I do every night - in the effects where were face due west & saw these while were about 20 miles long & about 175 to 185 miles wide, not quite round, that were two of them as far as I know. The was moving north & south & the other north, they passed each other diretely in front of me they would pass at the same place both times. I could not see how far they went in each direction, but as they would disappear behind the trees, or they came back very quickly, they were in color from medium to light cambut & steady flow -

I watched them for 15 to 20 minutes & felt they were being controlled as their passing was so accurate. I judge they were about 1/3 of the sky - high sky was not clear & a bit clouds in the west & there was not a


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

TELEPHONE EASTON                                                REGISTERED HEREFORD CATTLE

MISS A                                                           FARM
                                                                 EASTON, MARYLAND

Private -

I saw far from the main road of dear traffic out from entrance is a much & a half from the farm road & the main road. Cry miles, that was no car traffic or corner of motor boats. I live on large Prince & this is a very quiet spot at night.

I am not a nervous person & was not excited by what I saw, there is so much going in these days that we do not give activity, but I will it will not any excitement, & did not the admit it me way or the other until this Cliffore asked if I would send you a report.

I went to bed about 10:30 to 10:45 & at the time they were still in the sky doing the new thing-

Sincerely,

[Signature and name are redacted]


- page 20 -

Contact - Check sheet

UFO Sighting - Easton, Md. 23 June 57

1. D. Alderson Rept. Supt. CG Blossom (Ret)
   Phone Ext. 26121

2. Capt. Girardin
   Asst. Supt.

   (No further particulars noted)

3. Capt. Walsh(?), Military Operators, Army
   Phone 241/13

   Referred to Mil. Training Operators Army

4. H. Charles A. Schmans, Mil. Tng. Ops.
   Phone 332-57

   (Stated he would make through check - a
   quick look. More details negotiated. Same
   time 0730 25 July)

5. CAPT. S.A. PETERSEN, Security Officer of Intelligence Survey
   Attachments operations on that report. Study
   in query to 716 FTR Army Sig C. S. J.
   Specific satellite and likely in Govt.
   (can stand copying) study be had
   heard something about - will send reply
   to the Dept. Supt.

   George T. Gregory
   Capt. USAF


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

'Jetalite' flies to help moonwatchers track satellite

The first satellite (simulated) to take the air, this Air Force Sabrejet flies over Washington recently in a training program for moonwatchers who will keep track of the real earth satellite. It carried various-size lights (right) under the fuselage to simulate altitudes up to 1,500 miles.

Andrew AFB, AF Times Staff, CAP
JULY 1957 55

The handwritten text at the bottom appears to be partially illegible, but seems to start with "Dept plane that..." followed by some additional text that is not clearly readable.


- page 22 -

