PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
12 November 1957

2. LOCATION
Corona Del Mar, Calif.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. GMT
14/0330Z

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
crossing moon

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Long, black object resembling a rope crossed in front of moon from left to right. Rope tilted at 45 degree angle to the right.

11. COMMENTS
Insufficient data for analysis. Duration not reported.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☒ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

* NEWS * PRINTING * ADVERTISING
CORONA DEL MAR, CALIF.

Nov. 13, 1957

Headquarters
U. S. Air Forces
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sir:

Please refer this letter to the proper department, concerning inquiry into reports of UFO.

All pertinent information is in the story enclosed, in this week's issue of newspaper, and written by I class myself as a serious, observing newspaperman, not given to hysterical or illusions. Age good health, good eyesight. Perhaps you have a perfectly normal and logical explanation of what I saw at 10:30 p.m. Tuesday, Nov. 12. If so, would you please inform me.

The sketch below will give you an idea of the relative size of the object, and direction of motion. There were no clouds nearby. The object was very clearly defined, not fuzzy, and almost perfectly straight. It's about a half moon.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

3
UMBER
550

ty. Nov. 2

Project May
e to Harbor
WHATZIT THIS TIME?

MEBBE THOSE RUSSIANS
JUST MISSED THE MOON

No Sputnik this time, I hope. But it's sure a Whatzit!
This eerie mystery obect was sighted at 10:30 p.m. Tuesday,
while was driving home from the Newport City Council meet-
ing. I was driving almost due east, crossing the Upper Bay
bridge toward Corona del Mar, and I glanced at the moon, which
was low in the sky and just a little to the left of my direction of
travel.

A long, narrow, black object, resembling a huge rope, or a
finger of a tornado, passed across the face of the moon from left
to right. It was several diameters of the moon in length, and in-
clined about 45 degrees to the right. It seemed to drift slowly
without wavering, and it gradually disappeared in the darkness
beyond the immediate light of the moon.

By then I had stopped the car, just on the easterly end of the
bridge, and I was looking at the object through the open car
door. My first impulse had been to brush at my eyes. Then to
check the windshield for some object. It was no optical illusion,
no twig or branch of a tree or a telephone or power line. It was
definitely something far away up there in the sky, drifting past
the moon in a southerly direction.

I took care to check the time on the car clock, made note of
the fact that I was wide awake and cold sober. Only possible
aberration could come from an affliction known as "neuralitis,"
which may result from some 6 hours of listening to city govern-
ment talk.

That's the story. You name it.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SINGLE COPIES
NOW 10¢
No Increase in subscription rates

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1957

[The text continues with a long article, but parts are difficult to read completely. Here's what I can discern:]

games, seen from seats in the
comfort of the air conditioned
communication center. Met a
lot of old timers, reminisced on
the "good old days" of Joe, the
Orient, Large Danes 3 were up
into the night. These 3 were up-
per class, along with the upper
men only. The Michigan Union
has many a firmly requested co-
politely but firmly repugnant re-
cals to use the side entrance. The
old school was a man's school,
in the minds of the male stu-
dents, at least.

The women have now taken
over. The Pretzel Belt, a down-
town beer garden, is now run
with co-eds. I got the distinct
impression that the new order is
all to the good.

I got back with the impression
that people are wonderful. I en-
joyed the whole trip, but I'm like
nearly everyone else who leaves
Corona del Mar. I'm glad to be
back. I am sure I'm a lot gladder
than you are to know I'm back.
I'm going to start right in by
reminding you of your civic duty
in not only keeping our village
the way it is, but fighting for it
at the polls, where you are Mr.
and Mrs. America every 2 years.

Are you sure that you are a
registered voter? Have you re-
ceived a notice of cancellation
for not voting in last June's pri-
mary or in last November's gen-
eral election? Have you recently
moved to California? Have you
moved to Newport Beach from
another city in California?

To be eligible you must be in
the state one year and in the city
13 months before the election. The
city council make election will be
April 8, 1958.

You can register at City Hall
or County Courthouse during of-

[Text continues but becomes illegible]

There are additional sections like:
- A "SPECIAL PLAIN CLOTHES" advertisement
- An "Exercise Good Judgment" advertisement
- A note about Ensign Classified ads

The page also includes a small graphic of a sailboat and a palm tree in the top left corner.


- page 4 -

