PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 16 Nov 57
2. LOCATION: Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local, 1330
   GMT: 16/2330Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: military
5. PHOTOS: No
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 8 minutes
7. SOURCE: military
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
9. COURSE: 

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Saw round, goldish white object at approximately 255 dgr and 50 deg elev. Did not move. Used 7 x 50 binoculars.

11. COMMENTS:
Local traffic, radar and WX units checked. Nothing unusual reported. Astro pilots for that time and place indicate Venus at 262 dgr sx. Also heavy, cold layer of air existed at time. Venus reported in position of object.

12. CONCLUSIONS:
[Checkboxes include options like Was Balloon, Probably Balloon, Was Aircraft, Possibly Aircraft, Was Astronomical, Possibly Astronomical (Venus), Other, Insufficient Data for Evaluation, Unknown]

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 25 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME:                                                                                                                   (Do Not Write in This Space)
                                                                                                                        CODE:
SIGNATURE:
DATE:

[The rest of the handwritten text is partially illegible, but appears to include some numbers and dates, such as:
5000
1957
115 flying
1957 Oct 7 0535
Object was 115 deg same time
3 min
F 72
moving 400-500 MPH
Straight flight path
[Additional text is too illegible to confidently transcribe]


- page 2 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Handwritten entry partially illegible]

2. Time of day:
[Handwritten entry partially illegible]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Handwritten entry: "21 WPAFB"]

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
[Handwritten entries partially illegible]

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 3 -

6. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF IT was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other:

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or exploded?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        [blank]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: [partially illegible text]
    b. Color: [partially illegible text]

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
    [No drawing present]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One)
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? [partially illegible text]
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
    [No drawing present]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
    feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other _____________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
[Handwritten text, mostly illegible]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The bottom of the page is mostly blank]


- page 6 -

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Silver dollar
c. Pea
d. Baseball
d. Dime
e. Nickel
f. Grapefruit
g. Half dollar
h. Basketball
i. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text, but mostly illegible]

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 e. South
b. Northeast             f. Southwest
c. East                  g. West
d. Southeast             h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 e. South
b. Northeast             f. Southwest
c. East                  g. West - 5w
d. Southeast             h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 e. South
b. Northeast             f. Southwest
c. East                  g. West - 5w
d. Southeast             h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees.
b. From horizon 50 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Handwritten text appears to be "WIFE"]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text: "RECON OBJECT SOFT TAIL SIGHTING RECON"]


- page 9 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: Hickman    Harry    [Middle Name illegible]

ADDRESS: [All fields blank]

TELEPHONE NUMBER: 12-25-257

What is your present job? Pilot

Age: 41    Sex: M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school: Yes
b. High school: Yes
c. College: Yes (Blurred text)
d. Post graduate: No

e. Technical school: [Blurred text]
f. Other special training: N/S

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [All date fields blank]

Page 8 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 10 -

