PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
5 - 10 December 1957

2. LOCATION
Cincinnati, Ohio

3. TIME-TIME GROUP
Local: 7:00 - 8:00 Z
GMT

4. PHOTOS
☒Yes
☐No

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10-15 minutes

7. NO. INITIAL SIGHTING
one

8. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐Ground-Visual ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air Visual ☐Air-Intercept Radar

9. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

10. COURSE
unknown

11. COMMENTS
One object found, very bright, larger than moon. Object hung or hovered, no sound.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐Was Balloon
☐Probably Balloon
☐Possibly Balloon
☐Was Aircraft
☐Probably Aircraft
☐Possibly Aircraft
☐Was Astronomical
☐Probably Astronomical
☐Possibly Astronomical
☐Other:
☐Insufficient Data for Evaluation

Object appears to be the moon, however, Venus was very bright but the image is too large for Venus.


- page 1 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

ALWAYS SOME
WIND UP THERE

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
19 28     Feb.     1958

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names:
[Redacted name]
CLEVELAND OHIO

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other one?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text that appears to say: "I have no idea. But my curiosity was so aroused I inquired of friends of business associates what they thought at that other seeing the same thing"]


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ________________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? [partially illegible]
Age 38     Sex Female

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school
    (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   15th   April   1958
                                            Day    Month    Year


- page 4 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: April 13 & 14 1958

I. While only very I can establish time of day in that I try to get to entirely dark to keep them from looking if we wait too late. It was almost dark!

II. We were inside. Some not positive except to say according to previous film on movie. I was after the Con. Hunter meet the last 20 or so in Dec. 1957, & I still had report of 10 to 15 feet on movie film left to take. My 35 m.m. camera had not been to within 50 ft. my daughter's camera (came to what it was for some just not alarmed. Until now had the film processed could.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

It now appears now we actually had
a clear picture of the object we were in
to arouse. Then we wondered what it had been.

Our dog house site back of our home,
250 ft. to 300 ft. It's support, 1000 ft. toward
road in back of us. If is a will open
field in back and on both sides. I spent
back and looked out bedroom window
as [illegible] was to very back to dogs
I noticed object for 1st time. It came
from left, high in sky & seemed to settle
down closer, show of proximity & dog house
(almost as a middle point could descend)
I called "[illegible]" of almost simultaneous
we said, "if you see that & what exists"
I said for her to come to have immediately
& she said she would soon as she had doped
over our glasses upon round in driving &
have as to dog sign of position near to
my jewelry. That I grabbed a pair & ran
old front door & around to side of house
This was because lights were so bright
& I hoped to penetrate brightness to better
see object. If still was very bright (from
& large & round. [illegible] no [illegible]
I know. We saw the moon to the left flying
& object was much larger & very much
brighter, although exact appearance. I was close
than [illegible] 20 rods. We decided to try to


- page 6 -

Page 10

photographed it, but were skeptical when
found we had only the few feet of film
taken in more camera to do it with.
I said if it probably wouldn't take to
said bodily wouldn't believe we saw
it if we shot it(?) or with Sun Glare
comes on "(?)" or with Sun Glance
still on, shot. The film was object started
to ascend and slowly go to right. It
seemed to move slowly on the second
run, it hung on the descent. It showed
about a minute or two and then quickly
disappeared into the right. Either by
speed or turnoff. Lights came at
first no longer invisible. I was sorry
I had only on more film and wasn't at all
confident it would take. In the Xmas rush
after we I forgot entirely but occasionally
wondered what we had seen. (my
husband) sent the film to be processed
and when we got it back my curiosity
was again aroused.

Then we viewed the film and saw
that we actually had a clear picture
of the object under such conditions...


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

were more curious then we went about it. several policemen & business men saw the film & were curious, too. Among these were Capt. Clarkson, of the Dayton, Ohio who was curious, also. He took the print of film with him to try to ascertain what we had actually seen. Like I said, we weren't too curious about it at that I had actually photographed it at dark, with colored snows film, and the brightness of the object was still apparent. This was the first time I have ever seen anything comparable to such bright turn point size, in the sky. The object appeared round, simply because the brightness was so intense vision could not penetrate it to determine definite outline of object. If at all possible I would like to know the nature of the object we observed. I am not in the

[The text appears to continue but is cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

19. Examining Physical Evidence - Report primarily the estimated physical evidence (photographs or material):

(1) Still Photographs. Forward the beginning and two prints. Title the prints and the negatives, or indicate the place, time, and date of the incident.

(2) Motion Pictures. "Obtain the original film. Examine the film clips for apparent cuts, alterations, observations, or defects. Include in the report comments on any irregularities, particularly if more than one film is involved.

(3) Supplemental Photographic Information. Negative and print information is limited. If information cannot be obtained, the minimum data required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutter speed readings of the camera.

By Order of the Secretary of the Air Force

Handwritten notes on the side of the document:
- ONLY CUT IN FILM WAS WHAT CAPT VELHABER TOOK TO DAYTON TO OBSERVE.
- REVERE = 8MM
- REVERE = 12.7 MM F2.8
- KODACHROME - DAYLIGHT TYPE
- F8
- NONE
- NO
- HELD CAMERA IN HAND IN SET POSITION


- page 9 -

COVER SHEET

SUBJECT: "UFO" Motion Picture Film - Cincinnati, Ohio Incident, December 5 - 10, 1957

TO: SAFIS-3, Major Tacker
FROM: AFOIN-4E
DATE: 29 May 1958

COMMENTS:

1. ATIC comment based on its review and analysis of film strip. Submitted for any suggested reply to Mr. [redacted] when film is returned to him.

2. Briefly our findings:

a. The film appears to cover late summer, autumn and winter all on one strip, from the scenes shown which ranged from full foliage of trees to three inches of snow.

b. The object definitely appears to be the moon, and preceded immediately by what appears to be two or three persons sitting in a boat in the middle of the lake at night.

c. Observer could not give the exact date of the sighting, except that was sometime in or near the second week in December, i.e., December 5 to the 10th. An astronomical check (which the observer can confirm himself) shows that there was a full, or almost full moon on the nights of December 6, 7 and 8, 1957.

-1-


- page 10 -

AFHQ 0-86 dated 29 May 58, Subj: "UFO" Motion Picture Film - Cincinnati, Ohio Incident, Dec 5 - 10, 1957 (Continued)

d. We are puzzled by the fact that although directions, locations or estimated elevations of the object were specifically asked for in both the official letter (copy attached, dated 8 Apr 58) an five (5) separate spaces given.

e. A check with radar units and GOC posts that scan his area 24 hours of the day, including military and civil flights, as well as other persons show no report of any UFO or anything unusual for that locality within a three-week period of the general date given.

f. However, Venus was so bright during the assumed period of the report that newspapers and science journals commented on it. (Copies attached for the observer). The image in the film, however, is too large for Venus, unless telephoto lens were used.

3. We cannot comment on any probable motives on the part of the observer in submitting a film on what appears to be a picture of the moon, over four months after the incident took place.

4. Original film for return to Mr. [redacted]

H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-WE

3 Incls:
1. Clippings,
   re Venus
2. Ltr dtd 8 Apr 58
3. UFO Film frm
   Mr. [redacted]

-2-


- page 11 -

UFO Motion Picture Film - Cincinnati, Ohio Incident, September 5 - 10, 1957

29 May 1958

ATIC comment based on its review and analysis of film strip. Submitted herewith reply to request.

Briefly our findings:

a. The film appears to cover late summer, autumn and winter all on one strip, from the scenes shown which ranged from full foliage of trees to three inches of snow.

b. The object definitely appears to be the moon, and preceded by what appears to be two or three persons sitting in a boat in the lake at night.

c. Observer could not give the exact date of the sighting, except it was sometime in December, i.e., December 5 or 6, 1957. An astronomical check (which the observer can confirm himself) shows that there was a full, or almost full moon on the nights of December 6 and 7, 1957.


- page 12 -

SAFIS-3/Maj. Tacker)/ t/55554

4 June 1958

Dear [redacted]:

We are returning your file of an unidentified object submitted to the Air Force for analysis and/or evaluation.

The object definitely appears to be the moon. Also, an astronomical check with the Cincinnati Observatory was a full moon on the nights of 6-7-8 December 1957.

A check with radar units and GOC units that scan the area in question 24 hours a day, including military and civil flights, failed to disclose any unusual activity or reporting within a three week period of the general date given.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

[redacted]
Ohio

SAFIS-3 COMEBACK CY
SAFIS-1 READING CY


- page 13 -

This case contains 1 roll of film.


- page 14 -

PUT ON 0-86 TO Major Tucker SAFIS-3

CINCINNATI, OHIO Incident, December 5 - 10, 1957

1. ATIC comment based on its review and analysis of film strip. Submitted for any suggested reply to Mr. when film is returned to him.

2. Briefly our findings:

a. The film appears to cover late summer, autumn and winter all on one strip, from the scenes shown which ranged from full foliage of trees to three inches of snow.

b. The object definitely appears to be the moon, and is preceded immediately by what appears to be two or three persons sitting in a boat in the middle of the lake at night.

c. Observer could not give the exact date of the sighting, except that it was sometime in or near the second week in December, i.e., December 5 to the 10th. An astronomical check (which the observer can confirm himself) shows that there was a full, or almost full moon on the nights of Dec. 6, 7 and 8, 1957.

d. We are puzzled by the fact that although directions, locations or estimated elevations of the object were specifically asked for in both the official letter (copy attached, dated 8 Apr 58) and in five (5) separate spaces (questions 27, 30 and 31) of the UFO Questionnaire submitted, no answer was given.

e. A check with radar units and GOC posts that scan his area 24 hours of the day, including military and civil flights, as well as other persons show no report of any UFO or anything unusual for that locality within a three-week period or the general date given.

f. However, Venus was so bright during the assumed period of the report that newspapers and science journals commented on it. (Copies attached for the observer.) The image in the film, however, is too large for Venus, unless telephoto lens were used.

3. We cannot comment on any probable motives on the part of the observer in submitting a film on what appears to be a picture of the moon, over four months after the incident took place.

4. Original film for return to Mr. is attached.

cc: UFO Case Files
ACTIC-4x3
SAFIS-3

GEORGE T. GREGORY
CAPT, USAF
UFO Project Officer


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

8mm Film submitted by -
31 MAR 1958

Capt. Vielhauer
34103
WADC

Recently (date unknown)
Jul 1958

[Note: There are two blurry rectangular images/attachments on the page, but they are too low resolution to describe in detail.]


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFOIN-86 dated 29 May 58, Subj: "UFO" Motion Picture Film - Cincinnati, Ohio Incident, Dec 5 - 10, 1957 (Continued)

We are puzzled by the fact that although directions, locations or vestibular letter (copy attached, dated 8 Apr 50) and in five (5) separate spaces (question #7, #9 and #11) of the UFO Questionnaire submitted, do no answer was given.

1. A check with radar units and 600 posts that can hit his area 24 hours including military and civil flights, as well as other persons about no report of any UFO or anything unusual for that locality within a three-week period of the sighting.

However, Venus was so bright during the assumed period of the sighting, newspapers and science journals commented on it. (Copies attached for the Observer). The image in the film, however, is too large for Venus.

2. We cannot comment on any probable motives on the part of the observer in submitting a film on that appears to be a picture of the moon, over four weeks late.

3. Original film for return to [redacted] attached.

Incls:
1. Clippings,
2. Venus
3. Ltr dtd 8 Apr 58
4. Film

H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
AVTOIG-H

-2-


- page 17 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

8 APR 1958

AFCIN-184

Cincinnati 9, Ohio

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

We are in receipt of a piece of colored-motion picture approximately three-quarters of an inch in length which you submitted to the Air Force as a picture of an unidentified flying object. Reference is made to a recent telephone conversation with Mr. Hisatt of this Center regarding this matter.

We feel that you will agree that with any investigation or study, no analysis can be performed on what appears to be a mere white speck against a dark background. Certain specific data are required such as the exact time, place, date, position, azimuth, elevation, movement and other factual information regarding the object and the circumstances under which you photographed it.

It would be appreciated if you would accomplish the attached official UFO questionnaire, in as much detail as possible, and return it to this center to permit us to proceed with a study of the incident.

For purposes of examination, it is desirable that the complete reel be examined, although it is realized that some of the frames often do not contain the UFO in question. Therefore, if possible, we would appreciate the balance of the film. If this is not possible, a brief statement on the questionnaire to assist us in determining the reason the object appeared in only four frames, and this represents only one-fourth of a second in time, normally a period in which it would be almost impossible to raise the camera, find the object, center it and take an exposure, particularly against a night sky.

Your cooperation and reporting of this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
NICHOLAS POST
Assistant Deputy
Science and Components

Enclosure:
UFO Questionnaire
Forms


- page 18 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
22nd DECEMBER 1957
Day       Month       Year

2. Time of day:
Between 7:00 & 8:00
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when?
[Location details are blacked out]
Loveland        Ohio
Nearest Place   City or Town   (State or Country)

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
0 Hours 15 Minutes 0 Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight
             d. Just a trace of daylight
             e. No trace of daylight
             f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right
             d. To your left
             e. Overhead
             f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF IT was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
               b. Several blocks away?
               c. A block away?
               d. Several yards away?
               e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?   Yes   No   Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes   No   Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?   Yes   No   Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?   Yes   No   Don't Know
e. Change brightness?   Yes   No   Don't Know
f. Change shape?   Yes   No   Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?   Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know   IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know   IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Brightness & Light too great to tell

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vague trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Object seemed completely round, but light so bright couldn't tell if circle was true shape or around around object.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined [circle]
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only one

Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn diagram showing a path from point A to point B near a house]

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimensions.
[No text filled in for this question]

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand:
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter ball
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other: LIKE LOOKED AT WHEN PLACED 10 TO COMPARE

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? SLOWLY ASCENDED TO APPAR. SEEMED TO LEAVE QUICKLY TO THE RIGHT OR EITHER TURNED OFF LIGHTS

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[No text filled in for this question]


- page 22 -

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
My daughter was going out back to lock the dogs & I went on the back porch light & looked out the window to watch her & I immediately saw the object as she was, too, at almost the same time.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes ___ No ___

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 23 -

