PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
6 - 7 November 1957

2. LOCATION
Lima, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
8:00 PM & 2:00 AM
GMT: 07/0100Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
XG No

6. SOURCE
local citizens

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
seven minutes

8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
A round, red object was observed at a very high altitude by a number of people, who called the Lima newspaper, The object was observed to the NE.

9. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

10. COURSE
unknown

11. COMMENTS
Check showed that WX Unit at Sulphur Grove released lighted balloons at 6:30 PM & 10:30 AM. Local time, Distance to sighting area is 52-55 miles. Winds were from the S SW at 30 knots. This would just put each balloon over sighting area at almost exactly the times reported.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Probably Balloon

Insufficient Data for Evaluation


- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the space below which were noted at the time they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Blacked out]
SIGNATURE: [Blank line]
DATE: [Blank line]

CODE: [Blank space]
(Do Not Write In This Space)

Page 9


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

B.S. Ed.
Meg. (Gen. Science)

2½ to 1

Ai- sm-

The rest of the document appears to contain faint lines and markings that are not clearly legible.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

WINDS
WRIGHT FLD TO

7:00 PM 7000-NR2 270 29K
1:30 PM 700 0-NR2 620 28K
5-SW

Was sent to Capt Gregory key
2d. Vangh 67th weather group
on 7'3 Jan 1957.

Type

Balloon released at 6:30 PM - winds 5-SW 21K
Balloon released at 12:30 AM - winds 5-SW 27K

Balloon would have time belt between
5 2 - 5 5 miles with the winds a speed 3
from

Lima, Ohio
Uniopolis 21 PM

Sulfur Grove WX Unit


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Lima

Unknown

5 Miles

60 Miles

8 plus 10 min
6:23 PM

29 Kms
~ 3-4 MPH

Wind

The document appears to be a hand-drawn diagram with various measurements and notations, likely related to a UFO sighting report from Lima, Ohio.


- page 5 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6   NOV   Year

2. Time of day: 8 PM   6 NOV
(Circle One):   A.M.   7 NOV   P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
LIMA, OHIO NEWS, UNIOPOLIS, OHIO
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town                State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:   SEVERAL   Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain         c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain  d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
b. Dull daylight   e. No trace of daylight
c. Bright twilight  f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: not
b. Color: red glow

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch with a circular object and some lines, with a note "Definition obscured by glow"]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Two small dots on the page]

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes    b. No    c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

Red Glow

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: [blank]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

(Circle One)
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No

(Circle One)
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other in village

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Blank lines]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
NONE feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin    g. Silver dollar
               b. Pea             h. Baseball
               c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
               d. Nickel          j. Basketball
               e. Quarter         k. Other
               f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
               a. Certain         c. Not very sure
               b. Fairly certain  d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? MOVED SLOWLY AWAY

24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Or what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The document is blank for the response to Question 24]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   4/200's 5/60 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   very High   feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job?   REPORTER
Age                Sex
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
    (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   Day   Month   Year


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
7     Nov     57
Day    Month   Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?


- page 12 -

Tell: The fellow is sorry to
Caol vs again, yet we try to learn what
Mr. Hamill, Chief Deputy
a LIMA go you could
a matter of getting point to
him. He dealt for a way
asto our friday.

This note is
LIMA, OHIO.

Ballons were release from a unit
approximately 52 miles south from UNIOPOLIS
at 6:30 PM and at 18:30 4/5 midway at

The winds were from the S.S.W at
approx 35 miles an hr. This would put
the balloon in its area 1½ hrs. later
which would be approximately 8:00 PM
and 8:49 respectively. The balloons
hot might traffic lights.


- page 13 -

