There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains information about a UFO sighting observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: November 18, 1957
2. LOCATION: Anderson, Indiana
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 15:30
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1 each of 2-3 objects falling
8. COURSE: Objects moved in a straight line
9. COMMENTS: The objects were white cast-like. They grew in size as they approached the ground. Very bright.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet that contains a questionnaire to gather information about sightings of unidentified objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be associated with any published report. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
Day / Month / Year
2. Time of day: (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or Country
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the sending of the object? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright sunlight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and multiple-choice response options related to the observer's sighting of a UFO or unidentified object.

B. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
9.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? (Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several blocks away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other

11. Did the object: a. Appear to stand still at any time?, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?, c. Break up into parts or explode?, d. Give off smoke?, e. Change brightness?, f. Change shape?, g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? (Circle One for each question)

12. Did the object move behind something or a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something or a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?, b. Transparent?, c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass, e. Binoculars, f. Telescope, g. Theodolite, h. Other (Yes, No)

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a circular or spherical object. The sketch includes some labels and annotations describing the object, such as "Horizontal" and "Vertical". There is no photographic image present in this document.

Page 9

15. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 7 - quiet
b. Color: Considerable size, egg-shaped, very bright, appeared fluorescent

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch of a circular or spherical object is shown, with labels such as "Horizontal" and "Vertical". An arrow is pointing towards the right side of the object.]

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Blurred
b. Fuzzy or hazy
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2. 
[A note is written below the previous entry: "Both went together, the one falling at 7:03 and 9:18"]

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire form.

OCR output:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Please draw an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand at arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin b. Pea c. Dime d. Quarter e. Half dollar f. Silver dollar g. Baseball h. Grapefruit i. Basketball j. Other ___________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.): a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Uncertain 

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could somehow the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it be? Give it the same appearance as the object which you saw.

For information, just noting it.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In an airplane
d. In an airfield
e. At sea
f. Other _____

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was watching the aircraft trying to check the motions and behavior of this object at night and after it was first noticed that it was moving back and forth in an erratic manner.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 20-25 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: Degrees from true North ___ degrees. Degrees from horizon ___ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: Degrees from true North ___ degrees. Degrees from horizon ___ degrees.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One) 
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
_7__ Day ____ Month ____ Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Names redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[No response provided]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
None

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which contains a questionnaire with various questions about an observed UFO.

Extracted text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object??
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? - m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? - feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - [REDACTED] 
FIRST NAME - [REDACTED]
MIDDLE NAME - [REDACTED]
ADDRESS - [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER - [REDACTED]
What is your present job? - [REDACTED]
Age - 27 Sex - m
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school 
b. High school - including
c. College - [REDACTED]
d. Post graduals
f. Other special training - [REDACTED]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
7/7/56

- page 8 -

