PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
28 Jun 1957

2. LOCATION
Edwards AFB, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 26/1600Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

6. SOURCE
Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Five minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Southwest

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One rectangular red object the size of a dime at arm's length. Object was seen standing still, following initial movement and disappeared. Object was seen near aircraft participating in a bomb drop. Object was seen for five minutes.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

Comments
Investigation revealed that a balloon released from Edwards AFB at 1030 was the object.

See case file.

(RM 329 REV 26 SEP 53)


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you saw. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential information. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26     JUNE     1957
   Day    Month     Year

2. Time of day: 12:00     0
                 Hour     Minutes
(Circle One)   A.M. or   NOON

3. Time zone:
(Circle One)   a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific

(Circle One)   a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
10 MILES SO-TH ROSAMOND CENTER NEAR 395
                Nearest Postal Address                City or Town                 State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:    5     
                                           Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
                         d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One)   a. Bright daylight
               b. Dull daylight
               c. Bright twilight

               d. Just a trace of daylight
               e. No trace of daylight
               f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)   a. In front of you
               b. In back of you
               c. To your right

               d. To your left
               e. Don't remember


- page 2 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes    b. No    c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?    b. Several blocks away?    c. A block away?    d. Several yards away?    e. Other

Dull red or orange IN COLOR

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know
Yes    No    Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
I moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
I moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?    b. Transparent?    c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No

e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope    Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other    Yes    No


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No Yes
b. Color: Red or Orange

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
             b. Like a bright star
             c. Sharply outlined
             d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The document also contains a hand-drawn sketch showing an object's trajectory with measurements, but as instructed, I will not describe the details of the sketch.]

The text at the bottom of the page appears to be partially illegible.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
Test. The Size of a Floating Airship

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
g. Silver dollar
b. Dae
h. Baseball
c. Dime
i. Grapefruit
d. Nickel
j. Basketball
e. Quarter
k. Other: PLACED
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Flew away, Faded

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The document contains a hand-drawn diagram showing a curved path of an object from point A to point B]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a town
d. In open countryside
e. Flying near an airfield?
f. Flying over a city?
g. Flying over open country?
h. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

(Appears to have a handwritten response, but it is partially illegible)

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

28.2 How fast were you moving?

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
(West is circled)

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
(West is circled)

31. If you are familiar with Bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees
b. From horizon _________ degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees
b. From horizon _________ degrees


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified flying object you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If we need additional personal information to that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26     June     1957
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 12:00
                (Circle One)   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One)   a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One)   a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Boron, Calif. San Bernardino Co. Hwy.
Nearest Postal Address
Additional remarks: Approximately 13 miles South of Edwards AFB

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
                Hours   1   Minutes   30   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
    a. Certain    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One)   a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
               b. Dull daylight      e. No trace of daylight
               c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)   a. In front of you    d. To your left
               b. In back of you     e. Don't remember
               c. To your right

(Form No. 164-R3 OCT 54)


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One): see item 19     8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                 a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                 c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                       d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One):    a. Yes    b. No    c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
             b. Several blocks away?
             c. A block away?
             d. Several yards away?
             e. Other Cruissen Ret

11. Did the object:                         (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?           Yes    No    Don't Know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes    No    Don't Know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?              Yes    No    Don't Know
    d. Give off smoke?                              Yes    No    Don't Know
    e. Change brightness?                           Yes    No    Don't Know
    f. Change shape?                                Yes    No    Don't Know
    g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                  Yes    No    Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
I moved behind: 

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
I moved in front of: Been to dropped from B-36

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One)    a. Solid?    b. Transparent?    c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? - None
    a. Eyeglasses                Yes    No
    b. Sun glasses               Yes    No
    c. Windshield                Yes    No
    d. Window glass              Yes    No

    e. Binoculars                Yes    No
    f. Telescope                 Yes    No
    g. Theodolite                Yes    No
    h. Other Naked & eye - Peripheral


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: There was no apparent sound of any kind
b. Color: It appeared to be brownish red

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place or area the drawing is now. The direction the object was moving. Three was no definite shape to this object, at one time it seemed to have a rectangular shape with a later observed the object and it seemed to have an irregular shape.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember
                e. Other: See Item-17

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling. Approximately 10 minutes after the particular incident we were watching up the U.F.O. when I observed a bright object at the left but very much higher than the first one. The second object appeared to be a star.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

My Patrol C

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half-Dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other
l. Other

23. I (Circle One) of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Went behind a hill, then close to the ground, just faded out of sight.

24. In order that you can give as close a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. UNKNOWN


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw this object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Watching a Bomb drop along from Air Force B-52

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. West
b. Northeast             d. Southwest            f. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest
                                                  g. West
                                                  h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest
                                                  g. West
                                                  h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 11 -

DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO.                 SUBJECT
AISOP                   UFOB Investigation

TO                      FROM
Comdr,                  1006th AISS
Det 14, 1006th AISS

DATE
26 Aug 57

1. Attached is a letter from Edwards AFB Flight Test Center with two endorsements and four enclosures.

2. Lt Sauter is directed to proceed to Edwards AFB by military vehicle to conduct a follow-up investigation of this sighting. The investigation will be conducted at no expense to the government. If more than one day is required, separate trips to Edwards AFB will be made.

3. The information required is as outlined in second endorsement to enclosed correspondence. Release of the contents of the second indorsement to Edwards AFB FTC is authorized. Information obtained will be submitted to this headquarters as Comment No. 2 to this M/F.

4. No change will be made in the contents of the letter or includes and all copies of correspondence will be returned at the conclusion of the investigation.

[Signed]
JOHN D. TAYLOR, JR., Major, USAF
Adjutant

[Lower section continues with details of follow-up investigation on 3 September 1957]

a. Captain Davis, preparing officer of the original report was interviewed. It was learned that the Captain had obtained the data in his report from the Air Police observatory and had not consulted the people conducting the drop operation. When asked why the cone had apparently veered to the South after the drop he explained that there had probably been a malfunction in the rocket propellant system of the cone. It was also learned from the Captain that the participating aircraft were based at Kirtland AFB, New Mexico and were not available for inspection.

b. Captain Powell and Mr Pegee of the Edwards Air Force Base Ballistic Test Facility, Officers in Charge of this drop operation were consulted and gave the following information:

[Bottom of page is partially illegible]


- page 12 -

Text found in the document:

USAF 456

After Comment:
Note that ampletime 1 hrs
of was from both
aircraft began to maneuver
at the point UFO stopped.

Rogers
Lake

AB2

FBI
(Kimball)

Container
(Cited Drag)

Object
Disappeared

Object
Stopped

Approximate
Distance
3.5 - 5 km

N


- page 13 -

Air Comment: As seen from the side, extending the arcs of trajectory from both the B-57 and the dropped store container to which the object is showing the arcs to coincide and complete the pattern.

Note:
- F94
- B-57
- Store
- Drogue Phase
- Object
- Bright Phase
- Balloons?

At the bottom of the page, there is an "Observer Position" notation with a small circle.

The document appears to be a diagram showing the trajectory and phases of an object or event involving aircraft and a store container.


- page 14 -

1006th AIS, Subj: UFOB Investigation, Cont'd

(1) This drop took place at 1152 PDT, 26 June 1957.

(2) Course of the B-52 and escort aircraft was as indicated in Incl #5.

(3) No malfunction of the mechanism occurred.

(4) Impact points of the nose and tail section of the cone were as indicated on Incl #5.

(5) No parachutes or recovery devices were employed on this mechanism.

(6) Flight crews had been debriefed on this incident and had reported no unusual observations, events or falling objects other than the test cone.

(7) All film exposed during the operation had been reviewed and no unusual objects were noted.

c. T/Sgt Fisher, one of the Air Police observers, (T/Sgt Jackson had transferred to another station) and a review of his observations was made. T/Sgt Fisher stated that the lateral speed of the object was not really excessive, but possibly comparable to a fighter at very high altitude. The reported oscillation covered a fairly wide portion of the sky and was relatively slow. It was not a true oscillation in that the object was nearly retraced its course. Sgt Fisher further stated that he object never appeared to lose altitude.

d. Edwards Air Force Base Weather Station was queried on balloon releases and weather data:

(1) A small (3 ft) radiosonde balloon (Meeker-helium filled) was released from Edwards weather station at approximately 1030 PDT, 26 June 1957. Winds during ascent were as indicated in Captain Davis's report. The weather forecaster stated that these balloons had a normal ascent rate of 1000 FPM and usually reached ninety-five (95) thousand feet. Using this information an estimated course for the balloon was plotted on Incl #5.

(2) At the time of this balloon ascent a mild temperature inversion existed at approximately forty (40) thousand feet in the Edwards AFB area.

e. It is this investigator's opinion that the balloon released by Edwards AFB Weather Station was the object in question. The plotted positions and times support this contention. The inversion layer could provide a reasonable color of the object and further it could account for some of the apparent motion as the balloon object reported by the observers.

f. A check with Kirtland AFB for further inspection of the aircraft was not deemed necessary due to the above conclusion.

5 Encls
1-4, n/c

Frank H. Mauele
FRANK H. MAUELE, Major, USAF
Comdr, Det 4, 1006th AIS


- page 15 -

FTOOC, Hq AFTC, Edwards Air Force Base, California, 2 July 1957, Subj:
Unidentified Flying Object Report

AUODI-B                                     3rd Ind                     10 SEP 1957

HQ AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, Ent Air Force Base, Colorado Springs, Colorado

TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: AFCIN 464
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. Investigation requested in Second Endorsement accomplished.

2. The report of the investigating officer is attached hereto,
together with a map of the area of sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature of Fred J. Hepp, Colonel USAF, Director of Intelligence]

6 Incls
1-4 n/c
Added 2 Incls
5. D/R, Subj: UFOB Inves
6. Map

6


- page 16 -

FICOC, HQ AFTC, Edwards Air Force Base, California, 2 July 1957, Subj:
Unidentified Flying Object Report                                   2nd Ind

Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
29 JUL 1957
TO: Commander, Air Defense Command, ATTN: Col Jeep, Ent Air Force Base,
Colorado

1. Request necessary investigations be conducted by appropriate
AISS unit to acquire additional information to properly conclude subject
sightings.

2. An examination of attached sketches of the incident indicate
that if the area or trajectory are continued (extrapolated) from both
the B-57 and B-52, they will complete and coincide with the point where
the UFO was reported to have stopped. It is significant to point out
that this extrapolation of arcs holds true when plotted for both side
and two views of the aircraft position, and the position of the "stores"
container being dropped. Copies of the plotted arcs are attached, with
comments and extension of trajectories in red and green. (See enclosures
3 and 4).

3. Inasmuch as the reported object appears to have originated from
either of the two aircraft, it is opinion of this Center that some
object, either a common part of the aircraft or a dropped container,
such as side panel or slightly concave sheet of metal, may have given
the appearance reported. The later assumption appears valid, as the
object is shown as appearing to oscillate back and forth after having
stopped.

4. This request for further data is prompted by the adverse publicity given the last UFO incident (2 May 1957) by the press and other
media, which resulted in a considerable number of queries and allegations
being made to the Air Force. As Edwards AFB is a flight-test center
much in the public eye, Headquarters USAF requested an immediate, detailed analysis. The findings disclosed that the object was a balloon
released by a unit in the vicinity, a fact which could have been readily
determined by that installation or query of his local supporting units.
A copy of the analysis is being forwarded under separate cover.

5. Copies of the UFO questionnaire, report and sketches have been
made for this Center's files.

FOR THE COMMANDER

4 Incls:
1. USAF Info Sheet (T/Sgt Fisher)
2. USAF Info Sheet (T/Sgt Jackson)
3. Plotted arc (Top View)
4. Plotted arc (Side View)

[Signature of Captain, USAF]
Captain, USAF
Assistant Adjutant

5


- page 17 -

HEADQUARTERS
AIR FORCE FLIGHT TEST CENTER
AIR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Edwards Air Force Base                                                                 California

PTGCO

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO:     Commander
        Air Defense Command
        ATTN: 4602d AISS
        Hq Air Force Base
        Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. In accordance with paragraph seven, Air Force Regulation 200-2, the following reported sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object is forwarded for necessary action. Report is being submitted in letter form due to non-availability of Air Force Form 112. Two observers reported sightings and completed ATIC Form 164 separately with some discrepancies between their answers. For this reason dual answers are stated. Where discrepancies existed, the second answer to that item is included in parentheses.

    a. Report follows prescribed format (par 74, AFR 200-2).

    (1) Description:
        (a) Rectangular
        (b) Pea (dime)
        (c) Red (orange)
        (d) One
        (e) N/A
        (f) Object initially appeared rectangular shaped, size of fighter aircraft (100 ft. major dimension), later had no describable shape.
        (g) None
        (h) None

    (i) Object appeared to stand still following initial movement, pulsate, and then change to an undetermined shape. It again moved and was lost from sight. While searching the sky for the object, a second object was observed overhead, round in shape.


- page 18 -

FTC00, Hq AFTC, 2 JUL 1957. Subj: Unidentified Flying Object Report

White in color. It appeared to have a real size of approximately 30-60 feet.

(2) Description of course:
(a) The observers were stationed at a road block on Highway 395, observing a store drop from a B-52 on the precision bombing range. While observing the store drop, the reported object passed through the observers' field of view.

(b) Elevation: 85° Azimuth: Unknown
(c) Elevation: Unknown Azimuth: Unknown

(d) Object traveled Southwest.
(e) Disappeared gradually.
(f) 5 minutes (1½ minutes)

(3) Observation:
(a) Ground-visual
(b) None
(c) N/A

(4) Time and date:
(a) 190CZ, 26 June 1957
(b) Day

(5) Approximately 34° 50' N, 117° 30' E

(6) Observers:
(a) None
(b) Military

1. T/Sgt. Charles B. Fisher
   656th Air Police Squadron
   Duty - Training NCO
   Estimate of Reliability - Good, although elevation, azimuth, and size estimates are not considered accurate as the individual's duty does not require him to be trained observer.

2


- page 19 -

PTCOC, Hq AFTC, 2 JUL 1957, Subj: Unidentified Flying Object Report

2. T/Sgt. M. C. Jackson
    6/16th Air Police Squadron
    Duty - Section Guard Unit #2
    Estimate of Reliability - Good, although elevation, azimuth, and size estimates are not considered accurate as the individual's duty does not require him to be trained observer.

(7) Weather and Winds:
    (a) Bright daylight
    (b) Winds:   Surface   - 270/15
                5,000     - 260/15
                10,000    - 230/10
                15,000    - 220/15
                20,000    - 336/10
                25,000    - 310/10
                30,000    - 310/20
                35,000    - 300/30
                40,000    - 300/30
                45,000    - 300/30
                50,000    - 333/35
                60,000    - 030/20
                70,000    - 050/20
                80,000    - 090/25

    (c) Ceiling - Clear
    (d) Visibility - 60 miles
    (e) None
    (f) None
    (8) None
    (9) None

(10) One B-52, one B-57, one F-94 in mission over range, numerous test and test support aircraft in vicinity.

(11) Preparing Officer and comments:
    (a) Chief, Technical Operations Branch
    (b) One B-52, one B-57 and one F-94 were at 40,000 feet altitude, traveling to the East on a store drop mission on the precision bombing range. Numerous test and test support aircraft were

3


- page 20 -

PTOC, Hq AFTC, 2 JUL 1957, Subj: Unidentified Flying Object Report

In the vicinity and in all probability several were in the Field of view of the observers. Awaiting data was obtained from the mission and perusal of the film revealed no unknown objects. The Field of view of these cameras is limited, however, and it should be noted that the B-57 and F-94 chase aircraft were not visible on the film.

Query of the flight crews on this mission indicated no unusual sightings. None of the aircraft or objects dropped from the B-52 were of the shape and color observed. Weather balloon releases were not investigated as the observers reported extremely rapid horizontal movement of the objects sighted. Unclose are two sketches made by the Reporting Officer based upon the observers' verbal comments as to position of first observation and track of the object.

(c) Probable cause of sighting is unknown.

(12) None

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature of Harold G. Russell]
Harold G. Russell
Lt Colonel USAF
Acting Deputy Chief of Staff/Operations

4 Incls
1. ATIC Form 164- 1/Sgt. Fisher
2. ATIC Form 164- 1/Sgt. Jackson
3. Sketch - View
   From overhead
4. Sketch - View
   From ground

AISOP                                                 1st Ind                     25 JUL 1957

100th Air Intelligence Service Squadron, Ext Air Force Base, Colorado

TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: AFTIN IEL, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

4 Incls
1/c

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
(AFR 190-14)

4


- page 21 -

