Here is the text I can read from the document:

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASIASHA-A)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

UNCLASSIFIED

7-3745-379
1003832

SMC

The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" on multiple sides and appears to be a cover or routing sheet for an archival document related to UFO records from May 1957 to February 1958, as noted in the header.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Subject: a. Eliminate AFOIN-X and the Scientific Advisor, AFOIN-4, 
from the information services business.

4. The briefing book prepared by AFOIN-4 for General Lewis and 
one copy of Report 14 (both items mentioned in basic) were handed to 
Colonel John D. McKingham, Room 4E-1015, Ext. 78429, Special Asst 
to General Krever, for his study. Colonel Nottingham has recently 
mentioned that SAFIS is continuing to ask him about our recommenda-
tions for release to the public of Report 14 through the Government 
Printing Office.

5. Some concern has been expressed by certain individuals in 
AFOIN that an Air Force release to the public, accomplished by 
the necessary news release, conference with certain selected media, 
would only serve to make it more difficult for AFOIN-4 by increasing 
the number of inquiries received by them.

6. Request you appoint a project officer to consolidate, 
coordinate, and follow up with DCSI/O (Col. McKingham) on the AFOIN 
position and consider, as well, the question of release of the 
planned SAFIS report for government printing and subsequent release to 
the public of Report 14.

7. This action will require a further indorsement of this 
basic DC/SO. Request you prepare for General Lewis to sign.

3 Incls
1. Memo from ATIC, dtd 4 Jan 57
2. APR 200-2
3. MOI 11-37


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

COVER SHEET

SUBJECT: New AFOIN-4 Plan on UFOBs

ROUTING: (Initial "IN" column to denote review prior to action, initial "OUT" column to denote review of completed action)

TO: AFOIN-X COLONEL CHAPPELL
FROM: AFOIN-X1

DATE: 10 May 1957
COMMENT NO.: 2
By: Maj Byrne/bjr/74903

COMMENTS:

1. The attached proposed revision of AFR 200-2 is submitted for transmittal to ATIC for final coordination. Hq USAF coordination has been accomplished and since changes originating with ADC have been incorporated, the Regulation is ready for publication.

2. No substantive changes have been made to the most recent ATIC revision which would vitiate the purpose for accomplishing the revision as stated in paragraph 3 of Comment 1. Other than deleting minor redundancy and ensuring clarity, the most recent changes attempt to delete any and all portions of the Regulation which might provoke suspicion or misinterpretation by the public. As pointed out by members of SAFIS all unclassified Air Force regulations are made available to the Press.

Because of public interest in UFOs, the subject Regulation would receive close examination for any material that either in or out of context might reflect an unfavorable change in Air Force attitude or policy regarding UFOs. In every instance where by inference the Air Force might appear critical of skeptical, or attempt to deceive the public, the Text has been removed or altered. At most, the effect of such deletions or alterations would sacrifice informative material supplied for the convenience of the user of the Regulation.

UNCLASSIFIED

(OVER)

AFHQ FORM 0-86 (7 MAY 56)   GPO 908344


- page 3 -

3. The subject of U.S. persons using the UFO hysteria for personal gain has been inferrily brought to the attention of the FBI. Documented cases were illicit or deceptive or involve an individual to arouse public interest in UFOs should be made available to the FBI through the OSI. This subject is being studied by AFOIN-XI and further development will be brought to your attention.

4. Concurrently with the publication of Report No. 14 as an Air Force Pamphlet, the publication AFR 200-2, revised, should do much toward the relief of AFOIN in the UFO program.

1 Incl
Memo No. 2 to Director, AFOIN-4
w/Incl

CHARLES HURLEY
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-XI


- page 4 -

UNCLASSIFIED
AFOIN-XA/Major Byrne/djr/7403
Written 10 May 1957

SUBJ: Publication of UFO Special Report Nr. 14

TO: Director, AFOIN-A

MEMO NO. 2
AFOIN-XA/Maj Byrne/djr/7403

1. The attached proposed revision of AFR 200-2 is submitted for final coordination. To USAF coordination has been accomplished and since changes originating with ADC have been incorporated, the Regulation is ready for publication.

2. No substantive changes have been made to the most recent ATIC revision which would vitiate the purpose for accomplishing the revision. Other than deleting minor redundancy and ensuring clarity, the most recent changes attempt to delete any and all portions of the Regulation which might provoke suspicion or misinterpretation by the public. As pointed out by members of SAFIO all unclassified Air Force regulations are made available to the Press. Because of public interest in UFOs, the subject Regulation would receive close examination for any material that either in or out of context might reflect an unfavorable change in Air Force attitude or policy regarding UFOs. In every instance where by influence the Air Force might appear critical of or attempt to deceive the public, the text has been removed or altered. At most, the effect of such deletions or alterations would sacrifice informative material supplied for the convenience of the user of the Regulation.

3. The subject of U.S. persons using the UFO hysteria for personal gain has been informally brought to the attention of the FBI. Documented cases where illicit or deceptive devices or methods are used by individuals to arouse public interest in UFOs should be made available to the FBI through the OSI. This subject is being studied by AFOIN-XA and further development will be brought to your attention.

4. Concurrently with the publication of Report Nr. 14 as an Air Force Pamphlet, the publication of AFR 200-2, revised, should do much toward the relief of AFOIN in the UFO program.

3 Incls
1 & 2 w/a
Added 1 incl
3. Proposed Revision
of AFR 200-2

D/I File
D/I Cross Ref
XA Cubk
XA Staybk

COORDINATION: AFOIN-XI
Col Hurley
Lt Col Perlberg
Major Byrne
Mr. Sanderons

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFCIN-X!
undtd

C/S

New AFCIN-4 Plan ou UFOBs

UNCLASSIFIED

13 FEB. 58

Chief, AFCIN-X
Chief, AFCIN-X|

4

1. The revised AFR 200-2, Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO), dated 5 February 1958 (attached) has been disseminated this date to all major air commands. Promulgation of the new UFO Regulation is the final action achieved the goals set forth in paragraph 3, Comment No. 1. It is anticipated that the UFO project will be conducted in an orderly manner, requiring a minimum of attention by AFCIN-X and X1. However, there will be no let-up by AFCIN-X1 in monitoring all Air Force UFO activities.

2. The following is a brief review of that which has been accomplished toward assigning and delineating responsibilities Air Force wide for the conduct of UFO investigation, analysis, and release of information to the public:

a. The responsibility for investigating UFO sightings is no longer that of ADC and ADC alone. Due to the loss of the 4602nd (1005th) AISS by ADC, and the additional mission responsibilities levied on the 1006th AISS by AFCIN, reappraisal of investigative responsibilities resulted in:

(1) An Air Force wide responsibility for UFO investigations with each AF base commander responsible for conducting initial investigations of UFO sightings in the locale of his base.

(continued)

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

C/S, subj: New AFCIN-4 Plan on UFOBS, Comment No. 4 (Cont)

(2) ADC directly participating only when a UFO sighting is considered a hostile air vehicle; however, ADC will continue to render investigative assistance as required.

(3) More extensive follow-up investigation, when considered necessary by ATIC, to be accomplished by the 1006th AISS.

The above realignment of responsibilities should effect more economical utilization of the 1006th AISS and provide for more timely UFO reports since local AF base commanders can investigate on the spot.

b. ATIC's responsibility is clearly confined to analysis and evaluation; however, ATIC may conduct follow-up investigations as necessary to further its findings.

c. The responsibility for release of UFO information to the public and Congress is assigned to SAFIS and SAFLL respectively. AFCIN will continue to furnish information to SAFIS and SAFLL as required; however, there will be few such occasions since SAFIS has been furnished assorted UFO information as a basis for public inquiries.

d. Coordination on UFO matters between AFODC and AFCIN ceased with the departure of Colonel J. C. Nottingham from GODC, HQ 11-67, referenced in paragraph 34, Comment No. 1, applies only to SAFIS-AFODC relations.

e. As previously stated, AFCIN is now completely divorced from public relations. All inquiries from the public and press are forwarded to SAFIS for appropriate action. In two recent instances, ATIC has worked with a T.V. producer and magazine writer, but through a SAFIS representative. The material compiled is now in package form and available to all solicitors. There is no reason for ATIC to personally be associated in the future with UFO feature writers. This arrangement with SAFIS is the result of excellent cooperation developed between AFCIN and SAFIS. Major Tacker, SAFIS, is to be commended for his aggressive and conscientious effort to satisfy the clamor of press and public.

3. In addition, the following significant developments are brought to your attention:

a. The UFO Scientific Panel Report conclusions of 1953, sponsored by CIA, were in part declassified for public knowledge. It was necessary for CIA to contact each of the panel members to accomplish the declassification.

UNCLASSIFIED 2


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

C/S, subj:  New AFCIN-4 Plan on UFOBs, Comment No. 4 (Cont)

b.  SAFIS has reported that the press is completely satisfied with the periodic UFO "fact sheets" made available to them and the Air Force responses to specific UFO sightings.

c.  The reaction from the CBS T.V. program, "UFO, Enigma of the Skies," Circle Theater, 22 January 1958, has been beyond expectation. Only six letters criticizing the program were received by the Air Force - all were from so-called "cranks". Mr. Donald Kehoe, President of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), alienated himself with the press by going beyond the T.V. script in an attempt to criticize the Air Force.

d.  Several meetings between representatives of SAFRD, SAFIS, SAFL, and Major Byrne, AFCIN, took place to formulate an Air Force response to a request by the Senate's Government Operations Sub-Committee on Investigations to conduct "open hearings" on the Air Force conduct of UFO investigations. Acting Chief Council, Mr. O'Donnel, had informed Mr. Horner, SAFRD, that the public should be informed through the Congressional Committee hearings that the Air Force was doing its job. This unprecedented approach was favorably looked upon by all but the AFCIN member who maintained that the uncontrolled public result that would undo all that the Air Force has recently accomplished in winning public confidence. The proponents of extra-terrestrial vehicles, as witnesses referring to several of the existing sensational "unknown" UFO cases, could arouse a new interest in the existence of "flying saucers". Dr. H. P. Robertson, OSD, R&E, Chairman of the 1953 UFO Scientific Panel on UFO's, agreed with the AFCIN view which was passed on to Mr. Horner who apparently then recognized the inherent dangers and informed Mr. O'Donnel that "it was not in the best interest of the Air Force to participate in an 'open hearing'". Mr. O'Donnel replied that "there was no longer any reason to continue the investigation," and he would "advise the sub-committee to drop it." The permanent investigator of the sub-committee, Mr. Healy, has informed SAFL that he completely satisfied with the Air Force conduct of UFO investigations and analysis.

4.  In view of the above, there is no longer any basis for congressional, press, or public criticism of Air Force UFO activities. This has in part been evidenced by public complacency regarding UFOs during the past 60 days. The number of UFO inquiries has been dramatically reduced since the launching of Sputnik II. It may be assumed that with a better public understanding of the current U.S. pioneering in outer space, public thinking will be more realistically conditioned, transcending from fantasy to fact.

5.  It is recommended that the foregoing be used as a basis for briefing of General Lewis.

3
UNCLASSIFIED


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

C/S, subj: New AFCIN-4 Plan on UFOBs, Comment No. 4 (Cont)

6. Additional Comment: Reference paragraph 3d above, a memorandum is being prepared for General Kelly's signature requesting the Senate sub-committee to issue a statement to the effect that preliminary findings of that committee regarding Air Force UFO activities do not warrant further investigation. Such a statement would be a valuable reference in replies to future public or congressional inquiries. In any event, Mr. Horar has consented to represent the Air Force in all future congressional inquiries regarding UFOs.

When inclosure is withdrawn or not attached, the classification on this correspondence will be changed to Unclassified in accordance with Par 25e, AFR 205-1.

[Note: The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

COVER SHEET
UNCLASSIFIED                                                 SUSPENSE

APOIN-X

DATE: undtd                                                  TYPE: C/S                                                NO: 1

SUBJECT: New APOIN-4 Plan on UFOBs

ROUTING (Initial "IN" column to denote review prior to action, initial "OUT" column to denote review of completed action)

[Routing table with multiple columns for IN/OUT and OFFICE, mostly blank]

TO: Chief, APOIN-X1                                          DATE: 15 May 57
FROM: Chief, APOIN-X                                         COMMENT NO: 3

COMMENTS (use reverse, if necessary):

1. I have reviewed this file and signed the attached Memo No. 2 addressed to APOIN-4. Please have Col Hurley initial the green sheet and dispatch.

2. This has been a long, involved and difficult task. I would like to express appreciation to Major Byrne and Mr. Sanderson for their most effective efforts in getting this thing back in proper focus.

3. When the new regulation is published, it may be a good idea to wrap up a short briefing for Gen Lewis to advise him of our progress in realignment of roles and missions.

4. Further, until the new concept takes hold, I suggest Major Byrne continue to watch the situation for APOIN. If and when it attracts to go off the track again (or if inappropriate and misrouted communications arrive in APOIN), he, as the most knowledgable officer, can take immediate action to request proper adherence to our Intra-Air Force agreements.

FRANK B. CHAPPELL
Colonel, USAF
APOIN-X

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 10 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Cover Sheet

Subject: New AFOIN-h Plan on UFOEs

Routing Sheet Details:
- Columns for tracking "IN" and "OUT" for various offices (DIN-1, DIN-2, etc.)

To: AFOIN-X COLONEL CHAPPELL
From: AFOIN-Xh
Date: 10 May 1957
Comment No.: 2
Reference: Maj Byrne/bjr/74903

Text of Document:

1. The attached proposed revision of AFR 200-2 is submitted for transmittal to ATTC for final coordination. Hq USAF coordination has been accomplished and since changes originating with ADC have been incorporated, the Regulation is ready for publication.

2. No substantive changes have been made to the most recent ATIC revision which would vitiate the purpose for accomplishing the revision as stated in paragraph 3 of Comment 1. Other than deleting and ensuring clarity, the most recent changes attempt to delete any and all portions of the Regulation which might provoke suspicion or misinterpretation by the public. As pointed out by members of SAFIS all unclassified ATIC material available to the Press, because of public interest in UFOs, the subject Regulation would receive close examination for any material that either is or out of context might reflect an unfavorable change in Air Force attitude or policy regarding UFOs. In every instance where by inference the Air Force might appear critical of or attempt to deceive the public, the Term has been feared or altered. At most, the effect of such deletions or alterations would necessarily be for the convenience of the user of the Regulation.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

3. The subject of U.S. persons using the UFO hysteria for personal gain has been informally brought to the attention of the FBI. Documented cases which pilots or occupants have been individually or publicly identified to argue "public" interest in UFO should be made available to the FBI through the OSI. This subject is being studied by AFAFOTN-XI and further development will be brought to your attention.

4. Concurrently with the publication of Report Nr. 14 as an Air Force Pamphlet, the publication of AFR 200-2, revised, should be such to merit the relief of AFAFOTN in the UFO program.

1 Incl
Memo No. 2 to Director, AFAFOTN-XI
w/Incl

CHARLES HURLEY
Colonel, USAF
AFAFOTN-XI

Handwritten note at bottom:
Rpt Report No. 14 not published due to
lack of funds.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 12 -

JYER SHEET

Subject: New APOIN-4 Plan on UFOBs

Routing Sheet Details:
TO: APOIN-X1 COLONEL HURLEY
FROM: APOIN-X

Comments:
1. The time has arrived for X1 to take a good look at what OIN-4 is planning on this subject.

2. The enclosed memorandum from APOIN-4 represents their efforts to bring about a distinct change of plan in handling this subject. This file also represents an attempt to align the new program with started policy of APODC and SAFIS.

3. Briefly, ATIC wants to accomplish the following (See AFR 200-2):
   a. More clearly assign and define the responsibility for investigation to ADC.
   b. More clearly assign and define the responsibility for analysis and evaluation to APOIN-4.
   c. More clearly assign and define the responsibility for public information to SAFIS.
   d. More clearly establish coordination between APOIN and APOPC (Colonel J. C. Nottingham) on this subject. (See HOI 11-37 attached).

At bottom of form: AFHO FORM MAY 58 O-86, with note that previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 13 -

