PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
November 1957

2. LOCATION
Lake County, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 minute

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
Not reported

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
[Some text is partially illegible, but appears to describe an object sighting]

11. COMMENTS
No second hand. No interest. Probably an unreliable report. Probably no significant data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[Various checkboxes, but no specific conclusions marked]

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

OFFICE OF CIVIL DEFENSE
LAKE COUNTY
OHIO

9 November 1957

Civil Defense minutes of Chardon meeting to interview Mr.

Mr. and Mr. Lake County Civil Defense, arrived in
Chardon at 2000 and were met by Col. L John and Lt. G. Reinecke of the
5th Area. We waited until 2100 at which time the personnel of Station
W I B K - T V of Columbus, Ohio arrived.

They interviewed Mr. and found Mr.

We were also told of a report on another sighting of a U F O by Mrs.
Lake Road, south of Underlock Road. Phone
Office Nov. 8, 1957 at 11:26. She told as follows:

Yesterday at 6:30 A.M. I saw an object or space ship. It was so bright that
it blurred my eyes. It was like setting on the ledges and then it went
right up. It was round in shape, very low and much larger than an airplane.
Odd in color. Only there a few minutes. It definitely was not the sun,
moon, or an airplane. There was no vapor trails or noise. End of report.

Minutes by

U F O Interview at Chardon, Ohio, 5 Nov. 8, 1957
2030 Peb. Ohio Rt 528, Huntsburg, Ohio

Present at this interview was a group of C.D. personnel, including Col.
Leroy John, Fifth Area Director, Ohio Civil Defense Corps, Lt. Charles
Reinecke, Administrative Asst'r, 5th Area C.D., Lake County
Director and Group Commander of 51st Mobile Support
Rescue Chief of Lake County C.D., and three people from Columbus, representing W I B K - T V Station.

Mr. said he was coming from Painesville toward his home when he sighted
this object pass before him. It seemed to split into two parts, one rising
and the other landing on a knoll about five hundred feet to the right of
road. Mr. stopped his car and shut off his motor and started across
the field. In stopped about two hundred feet from his car and thought he
should have a witness to what he saw. He returned to his car and drove to
his home to get his wife to go back and see this object.

Upon arriving at the scene he found the object was gone. They returned
home and Mrs. called the to report the incident.

Mr. was then asked as to the color, and shape and noises of this object.


- page 2 -

- 2 -

We replied, the color was a bluish green color much the same as a luminous such with a metallic appearance. The noise of the object was similar to a quiet generator, and much like the sound of a running light water, used to measure electricity in the home.

The shape of the object was to his description, something shaped like a Mexican hat with the crown being about fourteen feet high and the rim being about eight to ten feet thick. The object, he said, was about thirty feet across.

Mr. [redacted] was then asked about vision into the object or seeing any people or things about the object. The answer was he had seen nothing nor could he see into the object.

Mr. [redacted] was asked why he was absent for a whole day and night after this happened.

He explained of his fears of the jeerings and the general attitude of his friends and fellow workers.

Mr. [redacted] was then asked if he had forgotten to mention anything else that might help to throw some light on the subject for the investigators of these reports.

He said no, that was all he knew and saw.

Mr. [redacted] was then interviewed and gave this account of the incident. Asked, how he was notified. He said by radio and then he called to 5th area to have someone meet him somewhere. Arriving, and seeing what the problem consisted of, he then returned to Headquarters for Geiger Counters. Checking for radiation at an area one hundred feet across he found with the help of [illegible] reading of from twenty microroentgens to one hundred and fifty microroentgens in the center of the area. He then decided to check again later which he did about three hours after. He told of the rapid decay of radiation and found at had a count of twenty microroentgens. He also told of checking a woman near that lived in the area. This car had small look marks on it was checked for radiation, result was a reading of four microroentgens, which is not a normal fact at any time.


- page 3 -

