The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the record card for a sighting that occurred on 27 October 1957 in Humboldt, Saskatchewan, Canada.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
27 October 1957
2. DATE/TIME GROUP
2030
3. LOCATION
Humboldt, Saskatchewan, Can.
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
5. WEATHER
Clear
6. DURATION OF OBSERVATION
15 seconds
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Star-like object of second magnitude, around twice the size of a pinhead, bright white in color. Fell very steadily downwards by three.
11. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Probably Aircraft
Probably Astronomical
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

Although this sighting occurred in late 1957, it was not reported until late 1961. The information in the report is limited, so it is impractical to attempt a positive identification of the observed object. The witness could not provide any further details that would aid in determining the nature of the sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S)
Shape: The drawings indicate the object was a bright light or lights in the sky.
Size compared to a known object (Use one of the following terms:head of a pin, pea, dime nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball):Held in the hand at about arm's length.
Color/Brightness: Very bright Number: One
Formation, if more than one: None visible
Any discernible features or details: None

Tail trail,or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of the object(s): None

Sound, if heard describe sound: No sound

Other pertinent or unusual features: Disappeared suddenly to the north

DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF THE OBJECT(S)
What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): The object(s)
Approximate angle of elevation of object(s) when first observed: 60-70°
Approximate angle of elevation of object(s) upon disappearance: 20-30°
Description of flight path and maneuvers of the object(s): Moved, then disappeared suddenly to the north

How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north etc.): Disappeared suddenly to the north

How long was the object(s) visible? (5 minutes, 1 hour etc.): 5-10 minutes

INVESTIGATION
Investigator's name & address: Walter Wright, 22 First St, Humboldt, Saskatchewan, Canada

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The image appears to be a scanned page from a project blue book UFO report document.

MANNER OF OBSERVATION
Use one or any combination of the following terms: Ground-visual, ground-electronic, air electronic (if electronic specify type of radar).

LOCATION OF OBSERVER(S)
Exact latitude and longitude of each observer and/or geographical position - Position with reference to a known landmark should also be given, such as "2 miles N of Deaville."

DATE AND TIME OF SIGHTING
Time and date of sighting 8:30 P.M. October 22, 1957

IDENTIFYING INFORMATION OF OBSERVER(S)
Name(s) Gerald W. Kinzel
Mailing address(es) Humboldt, Saskatchewan, Canada
Occupation State (S.P.C.A. Police)

WEATHER CONDITIONS AT TIME OF SIGHTING
Observer(s) account of weather conditions Slightly hazy, clear sky
Ceiling Unlimited
Visibility Excellent
Amount of cloud cover More than 1/2
Thunderstorms in area and where they were located none

Any other unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise which might account for the sighting no unusual activity known. Observation of physical evidence - such as materialsior photographs nothing of this kind

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text output:

Page three

Please collect as many as 'a possible and have them give their addresses

Person who is giving the report will sign below and willeive his or her address

INVESTIGATOR'S REMARKS

B. M. Davis, B. Sc. reported that about 10.30 p.m. on Otd. 24, I955 a woman who wished to remain anonymous reported observing a strange object which appeared to be from outer space over the Humboldt highway about 7 miles southeast of Humboldt, Saskatchewan, Canada. 
The object was described as a large circular craft, silvery in color, with red and green lights flashing around the rim. It was seen to move slowly across the sky and then suddenly increase speed and disappear. The witness stated she had been trying to get up enough courage to report this sighting for several days. 
Report sent in on August 7, 1957.

- page 4 -

