The image appears to be a page from a Project 10073 record card. There is no photograph present in this image.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: January 6, 1957
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
3. DATE/TIME GRP: 0910 (N)
4. TYPE SITING: O Ground-Visual D Ground-Radar D Air/Intercom-Radar
5. PHOTOS: D Yes D No
6. CHIEF SIGHTING OBJECTS: Astronomical; Obj. unshped, bright w/rays.
10. OTHER SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: This sighting was checked & SDG and DGC said was determined to be the star Sirius.
11. COMMENTS:

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a project that investigated UFO sightings in the United States.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 7 JANUARY 1957
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0930
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: G-Visual
4. SOURCE: Civilian
5. CAT: 09/030/07 
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: UNK
8. MANNER OF SIGHTING: UFO observed west of Dayton, moving westward towards moon. Reported to Dayton Civil Defense who relayed it to ATIC.
9. COURSE: Westward 
10. COMMENTS: Call made to RADCOM for radar check, only one observation made. No other observation made in that time as was a procedure immediately succeeding. Wind about 310-320/30 knots i.e. FM NW to SE 616.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Disposition Form from the U.S. Air Force Project Blue Book, which was tasked with investigating unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO.
TO AFOIN-LlEh
SUBJECT Extract from SDO Report, 7 Jan 57
FROM AFOIN-LlX2a
DATE 8 Jan 57 COMMENT NO. 1
maj comm/mt
59117/B263/F-437
Following is an extract from SDO Capt M McCangle's report of 7 Jan 57 for your information:
"22330 - Received call from Mr. Elmer Shambaugh of the Dayton Civil Defense Hdqt. (OR-573) stating the sighting of an object east of Dayton, Ohio at 6:42 PM by A. M. Chop of Dayton. Mr. Chop stated that he had sighted an object west of Dayton and was moving in the direction of the moon. Action taken - call was put in to PAGONS and they checked their Radars and the only object in the vicinity was an aircraft about 30 miles west of Dayton, proceeding on a southerly course on Victor 17 airway. NO other objects were on their Radars."

J.L. CONNAIR, JR.
Major, USAF
Adjutant

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet for the reporting of unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes and will be treated as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 2000 Hours Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. Estimate how long you saw the object: Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No Estimating rather slow
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? - m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No Approximately 100 to 200 feet
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Dayton, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? None
Age Sex
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school c
c. College
d. Post graduate Other special training Instructor

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 19 Day 5 Month 57 Year

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with text questions and answer choices.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
e. None
b. A few
c. Many - bright

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Brake up into parts and explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Zigzag? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No 
c. Glass Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Other Naked eye

- page 6 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an unidentified flying object, described as "Varying" in shape. The observer has noted that the object appeared "stationary" at a distance. There is no identifiable human face or person in the image.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - *Nil*
b. Color - Red-Green-reddish-orange-white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a varying, elliptical object with a trail behind it is provided.]

18. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred 
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
One object of primary concern. Another similar to west - more stationary. Then primary - darker - more active.

OCR Output:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - *Nil*
b. Color - Red-Green-reddish-orange-white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Hand-drawn sketch]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined 
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
One object of primary concern. Another similar to west - more stationary. Then primary - darker - more active.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a U.S. Air Force study of unidentified flying objects. The text on the page contains questions and prompts related to describing and analyzing a sighting of an unidentified object.

Text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
Apparently for - irregularly varying" - "circular" motion.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. ___ feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea  
c. Nickel
d. Dime
e. Quarter 
f. Half dollar
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain  
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? _Faded - gradually disappeared__

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could somehow the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. At an airplane
e. Airstrip
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

At work-Attention attracted by bright light

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast 
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

Text extracted from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
c. Outdoors

26. Were you (Circle One)
e. Flying over a city?
g. Other - Approximately 1000 yards from downtown Dayton, Ohio.

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
At work - Attention attracted by bright light.

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
f. Southwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 30 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
d. Southeast

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) 
d. Southeast

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 210 degrees.
b. From horizon 30 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared: 
a. From true North 240 degrees. 
b. From horizon 15 degrees.

- page 9 -

The image contains three sketches or illustrations, but no photographs.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Text extracted from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 (CIRCLE ONE)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (CIRCLE ONE)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (CIRCLE ONE)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
__Day___ __Feb__ __Year__

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(CIRCLE ONE) Yes No 

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(CIRCLE ONE) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(CIRCLE ONE) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[blank response]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
"Some light or night things. Look's like distant heliocopters [sic] or may have been"

- page 11 -

