PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
   15 April 1957

2. LOCATION
   Phoenix, Arizona

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
   Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   [No boxes checked]

5. GMT
   [No entry]

6. PHOTOS
   □ Yes
   □ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
   [No entry]

8. SOURCE
   Civilian

9. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
   [No entry]

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
    Letter requesting that the "facts" be published in the case where a missile knocked off part of an airliner's wing.

11. COMMENTS
    Unreliable report.

12. CONCLUSIONS
    [No boxes checked]

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE AMERICAN SOCIETY OF NEWSPAPER EDITORS

April 26, 1957

Honorable James H. Douglas
Secretary of the Air Force
Pentagon
Washington, D. C.

Dear Secretary Douglas:

There has been some concern among newspaper people concerning the incident involving a Frontier Airlines DC3 near Phoenix, Arizona, last Sunday, April 21, as we now know more of its outside the facts. But since it appears that a collision knocked off a part of the plane's left wing, the assumption is that it collided with a straying missile.

The Associated Press has reported that the Air Force now regards all news of medical impact of missile accidents to be cleared by the information office in Washington before being released.

Those of us interested in freedom of information have been greatly heartened in recent years by the inclination of the services, on the top level, not always out in the field, to respect the American public's right to know what is happening. But, obviously, none of us wants any service to be delusive. The particular incident may be a sticky one, somewhere along the border line.

Like the outside facts of this case, the Air Force and I assume that people are going to know about these. And here the old rule should apply: some honest disclosure of this, rather than keeping it under wraps.

Therefore I hope it will be possible for you to do the following:

1. Make public the facts about this Phoenix incident if it has not already been done by the time this letter reaches you.

1957, Apr.21-50miles N.of Phoenix, Ariz.-Airliner Strikes "something";said to have been hit top!(+10 Tornadoes in Texas!!)

[The bottom of the page lists the Board of Directors with various names and newspaper affiliations]


- page 2 -

Secretary James W. Douglas
Washington, D. C.

April 26, 1957
-2-

2. Establish a system by which future incidents of this kind will be made public just as quickly, frankly and thoroughly as the regard for security where it is actually involved-as incidents to Air Force planes.

May I look forward to some word from you on all this?

Faithfully yours,

[Signature]
HBmd


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

SATS-38/Maj Spence/jmd/5580/17 May 57

MAY 9 1957

Dear Mr. Brucker:

Your letter to Secretary Douglas has been referred to this office for action.

There is no evidence of any Air Force involvement in the Frontier Airlines incident of 21 April. No missiles were fired in that date. Obviously, speculation that a stray missile was involved is inaccurate. Information concerning the airline should come from that organization.

The Air Force has no desire to restrict unclassified information on our missile program. The two recent events reported by the Air Force test missile escaped control indicate this. We have always operated under the assumption that swift, honest disclosure of facts at such times is the only proper way to handle this type of story.

Recent instructions to field commanders were designed to hasten the flow of information, rather than retard it.

Let me assure you the Air Force will continue to operate its information policies in an open and above-board manner, consistent with national security.

Sincerely,

ARNO H. LUEHMAN
Brigadier General, USAF
Director of Information Services

Mr. Herbert Brucker
The Hartford Courant
Hartford, Connecticut


- page 4 -

