PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 April 1957

2. LOCATION
Vins Sur Caramy, France

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local 1500 GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
landing

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Report of Saucer landing in southern France.

11. COMMENTS
[Handwritten: "None"]
[Handwritten: "Insufficient Report"]

12. CONCLUSIONS
[Checkboxes include various options like "Was Balloon", "Probably Aircraft", "Insufficient Data for Evaluation", etc., but no specific boxes are checked]


- page 1 -

Case #3 - Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre May 10,1957.

Investigators : Marc Thirouin The general different director of C.I.E. Ouranos and and
Y de Saint-Aubin the secretary general of C.I.E. Ouranos and Jules
reporter and investigator of C.I.E. Ouranos for the department that
is located in Somme.

Eye Witnesses: Mr. [redacted], a highway maintence laborer of S.N.C.F. and Mr.
[redacted], a S.N.C.F road-mender and Mrs. [redacted], Mr. [redacted]
an equipment man for S.N.C.F and the municipal counsellor
of [redacted].

Other Witnesses: Mr. [redacted] retired and Mrs. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted] a farmer all of
Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre. Some others.

The narration and testimony of the witnesses.

Mr. [redacted] - On May 10,1957 my wife and I were in the company of some neighbours (Mr.&Mrs. [redacted]) who had come to pay us a visit. We were in the kitchen, my
wife left and went to the bedroom where our son lay ill. At approximately 10:45 P.M.
we heard someone tap on the kitchen windows and so we opened the window and there
we saw Mr. [redacted], a Hungarian refugee who has been here since 1942, all panting and puffing, he kept repeating "They attacked me", "They attacked me!" At the time
of all the confusion we asked him to please come in and we dimmed the lights. In
very whispered words he told us what had happened and why he was so frightened
and we listened attentively then we looked out the window......

Mr. [redacted] - On May 10,1957 at approximately 10:45 P.M. as I was riding home

PTD-TT-64-572/1+2                     11


- page 2 -

on the route that comes from Beaumont on the way to Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre coming from church. Upon arriving at the level of the electric transformer at the turn in the highway that at this time of the night and at this side is generally deserted,therefore I was very surprised to observe a very powerful flare located on the highway.

After observing the flare I observed four silhouettes of human aspect that seemed to be blocking my way. Very strongly amazed at this arrangement/immediately struck me as being an ambush so that I jumped from my bike and ran to take cover behind the transmitter device and through a foot path and after a rather long detour I stumbled upon the house of Mr.&Mrs. ■■■■. I tapped on the window of their kitchen and they let me in and then I explained to them what had happened and what I had done.

Then all of us observed the latter from the window. Mr.& Mrs. ■■■■ then Mr. ■■■■ who had also passed along this route.

Mr. ■■■■ - Through the window of our kitchen we observed all five of these humans on the open route to Miramont at less than 50 meters was a brilliant light whose color would blink on white then turn to dull red. Then so that we could see better we went to the door. The light remained more on the red than ont the white. When it was white it appeared to be the fire of a very powerful floodlight projector and it was blinding.

This light cast a reflection to the back of it and very near this we observed three figures that appeared to be that of three men who could not measure more than 1.50 meters standing on the highway in an immobile manner. their arms hanging along side their bodies and half-hidden by the slope of the hill. They seemed to be dressed in a greyish-beige outfit and their heads seemed to be very somber coloured although we did not get a good close look at them.

An automobile passed along the open highway and the headlights of the auto let us have,for a brief instant,another look at the three,still immobile,figures.

After the automobile passed the white light reappeared but less blinding and higher

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2                     12


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

above the level of the highway. We saw it shine in the sky at approximately a 15°
angle towards the North-East approximately M------- and without making
a single sound. This all took place at approximately 11:15. The light started to
fade. But approximately 15 minutes later it once again appeared high in the sky above
the church (to the North-East). It seemed that as it flew away its brightness diminished. Soon we lost sight of it.

Towards the end of the observation, I went to the station behind the house to
warn my colleague who was still on duty (Mr. -------). He promptly joined us and
observed the light taking flight.

We called the police in Albert and approximately a half-hour later they arrived.
We accompanied them on the highway right to the place where we had seen the light
and the beings.

There, we were all surprised upon encountering the presence, on the highway, of
approximately 12 different sets of forms. These were all of different dimensions
and widths and black as the casting of costly tar. This was divided along the
periphery of a circular area of approximately 3 to 4 meters in diameter. The principal series set measured approximately 40 centimeters in diameter and had a width
of 1 centimeter. This soft substance was slightly stinking to the ground and we were
able to remove it by rolling it on itself as if it were crepe paper. It had no trace
of circulation except that of the tire mark of an auto, that was most probably the
auto that we had seen pass during the time we were observing the other phenomenon
and I now refer to that auto that appeared approximately 10 minutes after the light
disappeared.

The next few days, these traces were flattened, they also stretched and adhered to
the ground and it was then impossible to remove any more of this substance.

This substance was not tar because it had a slight stool odour.

The five other witnesses, Mrs. ------, Mr.&Mrs. ------, Mr. -------- and Mr.
------------were all questioned individually and they all confirmed this report.

Examination of the sets of substance on the highway.


- page 4 -

At the site that had been indicated by the witnesses we examined the previously described pieces of matter. They appeared to be similar to stretched pieces of tar on the highway but they did not contain any gravel in contrast to that tar on the highway and they did not stem from the highway and were definitely not part of a piece that had been worked on as the highway in this section was in good condition.

We tried to use a knife and remove some of this but it adhered to the highway and to the knife and to our fingers and was very difficult to remove. It did not smell like tar and rather gave an odor that was even worse than tar. However the latter did not seem to smell like cow dung as was previously stated.

We lifted some of the particles of the highway that also seemed to smell like the characteristic tar odour.

At some hundred meters of the latter, in front of a monument for dead, we removed some of the highway that had been patched and it seemed to be similar to the mysterious substance that we had encountered although it did not smell like the latter.

We subjected these three pieces to the flame of a bunsen burner and the repair piece of the highway gave off the well known odor of hot tar and the two other pieces although they were equally subjected to the flame gave off no recognizable odor with the exception of one that slightly resembled glue or wax.

These pieces are presently still being analysed but the experts to whom we submitted these pieces for examination have informed us that the mysterious substance is not tar but asphalt and the crackling that was produced during the subjection to the flame was probably due to some form of hydration, be it accidental or not.

Anyway any way that one looks at it if we are dealing with a known substance then the presence of the latter on the highway is therefore explained and also explains the cracked pieces that were encountered over an area of 3 to 4 meters in diameter. In this small province of 195 people, the passing of an asphalt truck would not go unnoticed and at 10:45 at night it would be an unlikelihood. Even a leak in a nozzle would not have left such traces. We examined the proximate bridges and highways for some other clues.


- page 5 -

Cows and storm lamps.

We know, through the press the almost official version that has been accredited to the statements of the Mayor of Beaucourt, Mr. Chatelain. According to this version Mr. Chatelain left his house about 11:30 P.M. carrying a storm lamp to try and check on his cows (one of them having died) going to the pasture that is next to his farm and extends up to the intersection of the Miraumont highway route.

This could possibly be the lamp that the witnesses saw as having been the projector of red and white glaring lights, then the same light that they saw in the sky and the same that the 4 or 5 men that they saw eventually would have been Mr. Chatelain's cows.!

Or, we do not want to make remarks on the ridiculous of this situation and its interpretations. Only a glance at the photographs that we publish here and the diagram and the explanations and testimonies of each of the witnesses leads one to believe that the "cows and storm lamp" version is only one of state of mind.

Let us suppose that an expierenced railroad man should confuse ,comparable to the eye witnesses, that look into the sighting position and signal lamps should confuse the glare of a projector (floodlight) that blinks on red and white with that of a small storm lamp! Imagine ! This could not happen and we will not believe it !

Let us add that of the reconstitution that proceeded the night of the famous storm lamp, in the pasture of Mr. [redacted], has amply demonstrated the fact that no confusion was possible insomuch as that that is related to the intense light and the color that the trajectory and the speed of take-off that are retrospective of light has no comparison.

What exactly did Mr. [redacted] say?

We asked Mr. [redacted] for his version of the facts. But to be truthful the Mayor of Beaucourt does not seem to ever have had any real version of facts !

Without a doubt, and in front of the police, it is true that he pretended to say that his wife was the one that had left the house about 10:45 P.M. and 11:20 P.M.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

But this is all at least one hour later than the event that is presently under investigation and then he said that his wife went to bed at 11:30 (this does seem possible because most farmers do go to bed early !). And then the next day in front of the Municipal council he pretended that he was the one that went out towards the above mentioned hours and he had his tractor with him (this seems a little less believable !)

When at last we asked him for his unbiased opinion he seemed a little embarrassed and he then revoked all that he had said in the police station and which is almost impossible to achieve. We know that is deals with a certain principal ,.... after all the Mayor's signature is at stake ! But the meeting did not seem to bother him and he did mention the fact that the witnesses that were involved were "honest people" and at no time did he try and create a feeling of distrust towards them and at no time did he become worried over their testimonies.

We therefore absolved Mr. [redacted] with the conviction that he was the first to deplore his statements and that they were perhaps a bit premature nor that he tried to make a fuss over the official version of facts that were jointly inscribed in the case by six of the most respected and most dignified inhabitants of the community, amongst which one of these was the Municipal Council.

Three days after these events Mr. [redacted] moreover stated that one of his administrators, Mr. Laine, had made some very different statements and had also remarked that "In any case there must be something to all of this...."

The witnesses are very trustworthy people.

We pursued our investigation all over the country side and we realized that not one individual doubted the sincerity and the statements that had been made by the witnesses. On a whole all of the Beaucortians are open and sincere, logical and calm and objective people. And they never pretended to know more than they really knew.

The Chief of the police station of Beaucourt-Hamel that had not been alerted or warned of the event on that famous evening yet when we posed the problem of the matter to him he voluntarily responded "They have surely seen something !".


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

All of the witnesses are employed by the railroad and they have made us aware of the following observation "Why tell stories?" These inventions if they were only that would make us look bad in the eyes of our bosses. And also possibly jeopardize our individual job positions.

An orange light in the fields.

Now we will continue on in a more pleasant mood and by this we refer to the fact that the next night some of the young people of the village were shooting firecrackers in the fields of Mr. Chatelain and we found amongst the fields some of these half-burned firecrackers by the fields but this was not another cause of confusion as the cause was understandable.

More interesting is the observation that was conducted the night of May 12 and May 11 by Mr.& Mrs. [redacted] that live on the side of the Miraumont highway a little above the other witnesses. They had not spoken to the press and other officials.

Their statement is as follows:

"On May 10,we did not see anything as we were asleep [redacted] states,but the fol-lowing evening I was awakened at approximately 3 in the morning (and at our ages sleep is one of our weakness's) at I passed by the window that passes through the room and is located in a South-West direction. I was attracted by a rather brilliant orange light that I perceived through the window. It was the same in diameter as the moon and the range of the glare reached the [redacted] home that is to the left of the Cafeteria at approximately 80 meters. I woke my wife up and told her to come and observe this strange light. She did and then after a few seconds the light dis-appeared and did not reignite so that we went back to bed.

Mrs. [redacted] confirmed the testimony of her husband. At this time of the night it is rather strange that one should believe that it could have been a stray firecracker and no one else would have observed it! At the [redacted] farm we found out that no one had seen anything strange and that all told they had all slept straight through the entire night. This surpassed the time that the Laines had been aroused by the strange light.


- page 8 -

Conclusions.

These are the first indications of an investigation that took place during a period of 10 hours on Saturday and Sunday the 18 and 19 of May. This was only 8 days after the occurrences. Some things must still be cleared up as we have already indicated and therefore all that really remains is that we comment on the magnetic investigations that were conducted on the metallic pieces that were located near the observation points. This is given later as a simple indication because a systematic study was begun after the set of phenomena that were reported, referring to those that took place in Vins, Palalda and Beaucourt. We will draw attention to the reader of the note and the magnetic measurements that follow.

The only place that is lacking now is that that would eventually deal with the vibrations that were confirmed both in Vins and Palalda. These can be supported as new and important elements for the solution of lift and support elements of the propulsion of Non-Identified Flying Objects. We continue our study of this subject.

Note.
If by some chance this article should fall into the hands of that person or persons whose automobile passed on Miraumont highway the 10th of May at approximately 11:00 P.M. and if they possibly did observe the "small men" on the path of the hill we would be very appreciative if they would place themselves in contact with us even if they should want to remain anonymous.

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2
18


- page 9 -

TRANSLATION

THREE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS LAND IN FRANCE
By
[Redacted] and [Redacted]

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY
DIVISION

AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

[Additional markings at bottom of page include "For Intel Only" and "DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ONLY"]

FTD-TT-64-572 is visible in the top left corner of the document.


- page 10 -

UNEDITED ROUGH DRAFT TRANSLATION

THREE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS LAND IN FRANCE

BY: [redacted] and [redacted]

English Pages: 20

SOURCE: Ouranos Revue Internationale Des Soucoupes Volantes (French), Nr. 21, 1957, pp 49-58

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2

THIS TRANSLATION IS A RENDITION OF THE ORIGINAL PORTION TEXT WITHOUT ANY ANALYTICAL OR EDITORIAL COMMENT. STATEMENTS OR THEORIES ADVOCATED COMPLICATED IMPLICATION OF THE SOURCE AND DO NOT NECESSARILY REFLECT THE POSITION OR OPINION OF THE FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION.

PREPARED BY:
TRANSLATION DIVISION
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
WP-APS, OHIO.

Date 22 Dec. 1964


- page 11 -

COMMISSION INTERNATIONALE D'ENQUÊTE « OURANOS »
POUR L'ETUDE DES « SOUCOUPES VOLANTES » ET PROBLÈMES CONNEXES

DIRECTION GÉNÉRALE :
27, rue Etienne-Dolet, BONDY (Seine)
Directeur : Marc Thiouin

Chef du service d'enquête : Jimmy Guieu
Correspondants dans le monde entier

OURANOS
REVUE INTERNATIONALE
Organe de la C.I.E.O.
27, rue Etienne-Dolet, BONDY (Seine)
Abonnement : Un an 800 francs
Etranger 1300 fr. franc.
C. C. P. PARIS 10.522.47

Bondy, le

[Most of the body text is illegible due to poor image quality]

At the bottom of the page are two signatures:
1. Marc Thiouin - Directeur Général de la C.I.E.O.
2. Jimmy Guieu - Chef du Service d'Enquête

There is a quote at the bottom of the page in small text, which appears to be from Henri Poincaré, but is partially illegible.


- page 12 -

THREE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS LAND IN FRANCE
By
[Redacted] and [Redacted]

At Vins-Sur-Caramy (Var), Palalde (Pyr-Or) and Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre (Somme) three unidentified flying objects were observed from the ground; eleven eye witnesses verified the truth of this statement. The physical phenomena that was carried by C. I. E. and the Bureau of O. V. N. I. (U. F. O.).

Last March, we announced the continuation of the proposal that was announced in 1957. This took place in a spectacular manner, and the apparition of "non-identified flying objects" (see the last issue of Ouranos), we did not think that the events would take place again and again. On April 14 and then again on the 22nd of April, and the last of these events took place on May 10. We were asked to investigate and confirm these events on the basis of the facts that were thought to be the most significant among those that we had amassed up to this time.

The press has been the mirror of these facts, of which the first event that occurred at Vins and then at Palalde and the last at Beaucourt supplied the material. We were in direct contact with the eye witnesses, police, aeronautical services, and the press and reporters. All of the latter were also informed of our interest in all available data.

The narrations that were published by the different newspapers, each was able to be confirmed, presented important differences on the essential points that naturally made the technical investigation indispensable. What was necessary to complete this investigation or how long it would take is immaterial.

The first results of these investigations have been studied by the Committee of Investigation of C. I. E. Ouranos in the course of the last two meetings.

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2    1


- page 13 -

Examinations and analysis are now being pursued.

Therefore, without confirming anything, we publish and present, in their chronological order, the first reports that are related to the three events.

Case A - Vins-sur-Caramy (Var), April 14, 1957

Detectives: Jimmy Guieu, Chief of the Investigational Bureau of C.I.E. Ouranos.


- page 14 -

Witnesses

A: First landing
B: Second landing

Panels Nr. 1 and 2: Magnetic deviation
Panel Nr. 3: Course of deviation
Irrigation gate: Magnetic deviation
Inset: Schematic diagram of the engine with its outer turfs (activated by vibrations) according to description of witnesses.

The image contains a hand-drawn map or diagram with various locations and directional markings, including references to witnesses, a hill, and different geographical features. The bottom of the page lists details about the diagram and its components.

The page is numbered "2 a." at the bottom.


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

off and once more engage in the strange vibrations. Then the apparatus made
a skip over the route and making a turn towards the east, (approximately
at 5 or 10 meters of altitude) it once more landed on a slight little patch
at approximately 200 meters from its first landing point.

After its turn, the apparatus once more began utilization of the dignified
signalling device (#2 on the diagram) which was subjected to brutal oscillations
and violent vibrations that produced an awful noise, a "resonance" that was
extremely remarkable. During the evolutions of the object, all of the
witnesses saw the panels vibrate in a violent manner as if it had been subjec-
ted to repeated violent shocks at a very rapid rate.

Afterwards, the apparatus took off, pitching from side to side and all the
time very silently towards a south-east direction, and at a very moderate
speed. There was no moment when the apparatus itself did vibrate. The
complete observation lasted approximately 1 minute.

Miss [redacted] warned hers husband, who later accompanied by the policemen from
Brignoles went to investigate the area. And, at the place of the supposed
landing, the police do say that they did encounter a spot of land that was
marked (on the path of the route that was supposedly followed) and the police
did state that this piece of land did seem to have been swept under the effect
of powerful blowers. On the path that was swept of land (second landing), the
traces were still very clear. The ground was "flushed" on a diameter of
approximately 1.50 meters.

On April 17, 1957, in the company of Mr. Pierre Ayraud of Radio Monte-Carlo,
I went to the police station in Brignoles (Var). On the presentation of my
identification card as a detective of C.I.E. Ouranos the officer on duty obliging
gave me an account of the investigational report that had been conducted. He
informed me that the witnesses were not only very respected and faithful, but
they had never been caught in the act of any deceit or fraud.

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2
3


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Vins-Sur-Caramy - Top-Some tourists examining the landing spots. Bottom-Jimmy with Mr.Pierre Aymard to his right questioning I.s. [illegible] and Mrs. [illegible]. In the inset-Jimmy Culeu registering the magnetic deviation of one of the guide poles that was near the spot where the "object" landed.

At the bottom right of the page, there is also a page number: 3 a.

At the very bottom of the page, there is another notation: m-n-l-64-5972/112


- page 17 -

Not being able to accompany me to Vins, the officer gave me a letter of introduction for a Mr. Ventre that is the head officer in Vins. Arriving at approximately 3100 in the village (at 9 kilometres to the north east of Brignoles) were we not able to get in touch with Mr. Ventre. I then went out in search of the witnesses and began to ask questions of the villagers. All of my questions were in vain as they had no new of anything! They did not know (or did not want to say) where the latter could be found. After a few minutes in the village, the news of our arrival made those that knew anything "flee" and the others only regarded us with suspicion. In other words already irritated by the press, radio, and television, and after 40 hours, the witnesses had gone in hiding in a near hill. Mr. [redacted] was working that day in a bauxite mine and, therefore, did not have any reason to also "go into hiding."

During our "search" of the witnesses, a front wheel drive Citroen automobile had stopped in the village square. The warrant officer (or comparable rank) of the Brignoles Police Station, followed by another corporal and another policeman stepped down from the automobile and made their way towards me....to come and supervise my investigation.

At the very first, the Corporal peremptorily declared that the apparatus in question—the "teleguide" most likely came from the base on the Isle of Levant. I contested this affirmation explaining to him that no country or nation had an aircraft that could move in absolute silence! I also explained to the Corporal that if the signal poles could vibrate with such an amount of noise near the apparatus, this probably indicated that they had been taken into the general magnetic field of the propellers. General scepticism, I then offered to go and investigate the place that this occurred to see if there were any magnetic traces remaining.

Sceptical but intrigued my interlocutors agreed.

Our "4CV" followed their front wheel drive Citroen, and we arrived at

4


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

the place where the apparatus had landed the first time on Route D24. There
in the presence of the police officers who, on my orders, were attentively
watching and observing my experiment, I approximated my compass against the
body frame of the "4GV" and was made aware of the amplitude of the deviation
of the needle, approximately 3 degrees. And then I placed my compass to the
right of the spot where the apparatus was supposed to have landed. The
result was negative in relation to any trace of magnetic activity.

But, at 5 meters from this point, where the signal poles had been (#1
on the diagram) it made the needle of my compass skip approximately 5 centi-
meters, thus making a deviation of 15 degrees! Let us remember that the mass
of the Renault had only made the needle skip 3 to 4 given degrees. I invited
the corporal to conduct these same experiments, and the result was identical
to those that I had conducted.

One instant later we then went up to the route that was followed by the
apparatus in flight and to the right (approximately 100 meters) to the other
signal pole where the apparatus had also passed. This pole (indicating to
the Brignoles) is also magnetized and proved it by showing the skip in the
needle of the compass another time to 15 degrees. Thus, on the third pole,
that was situated in a direction towards the village of Vins-sur-Caramy at
approximately 6 to 8 meters, the needle did not move at all on the compass.
This test was negative clearing showing that the other two poles were greatly
magnetized, and this really amazed the policeman. The latter also reenacted
the investigations that I had previously conducted on the apparatus poles
and reached the very same results and, therefore, came to the same exact
conclusions.

Then we moved to the small path where the aircraft had supposedly landed
the second; there was no remaining magnetism on the ground. Thus, the
irrigation vans (0.40 meters to one side) that was opened (in a dry state)

5


- page 19 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

revealed a remnant magnetism that made the needle of the compass move approximately 15 degrees, like poles #1 and #2.

The apparatus was then supposedly only 1.50 meters from the irrigation vane at the maximum. These tests were then repeated by the corporal, the warrant officer, and the policemen were also very important, and especially in the absence of the magnetism on the pole that was precisely the one that had not been submitted to the vibrations that the other poles had. Only a profound and appropriate study and investigation of these results could let one confirm that it was in fact related to a magnetic phenomenon that was natural or consecutive of the ground environment.

We returned to the village, thanks to the presence of the policemen, I was able to return and encounter Mr. [redacted]. The latter assured of the fact that I was an investigator (he did want to have to go through another interview for any newspaper), he was willing to go and fetch his wife and Mrs. [redacted] that were in hiding in the near hill. This is why I was finally able to talk with the witnesses. Our interview was recorded on a tape recorder by Engineer Mr. Pierre Ayraud and released on the same day on (April 17, at 7:08 p.m.) the Radio Monte-Carlo Chain Stations.

Note:

In contrast to what the press has announced, the D. S. T. is not investigating this event. On the morning of April 17 (before my departure) the D. S. T. indicated that only the Air Police would become involved. I, therefore, got in contact with the Air Police where Inspector Rochu confirmed that in relation to the Draguignan and the fact that they were on the way to the spot the apparatus had been seen. This took place exactly 4 days after the event.

I tend to have to place emphasis on the diligence and the objectiveness of the policemen of Brignoles. The latter sent out, without a delay, detailed reports to the Air Police, the Minister of the Interior, the Commander of the

6


- page 20 -

IV Air Command and several other official organizations. A second report that was made up from my own personal investigation and mentioned the personal remarks and tests (magnetic measurements) has been, I believe, sent by the Brignoles police force to the Air Police of Marseille where it should have arrived on April 19.

Jimmy Guieu

Case #2 - Palada (Pyr. Orient.), April 22, 1957

Investigators: Jimmy Guieu - Chief of Investigational Bureau of C. I. E. Ouranos.

Dr. Marcel Pages - another investigator of C. I. E. Ouranos for the Oriental-Pyrenees Region and the medical representative and engineer.

Jacques Verpillot - an investigator from Marseille that is also with the C. I. E. Ouranos.

Data: Mr. Paul Juabert, a retired judge wrote the C. I. E. Ouranos in Palada.

Eye Witnesses: Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] who live in Palada in the village of Amelies-Bains. (P. O.).

On Monday, April 22, 1957, at 1:00 p.m., Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] could be found in a little wooden cabin on the far side of their wine vineyards after lunch. Mrs. [redacted] was washing the dishes when all of a sudden she heard a terrible racket and noise all around the little cabin. She ran outside and when she glanced up, she observed an enormous whirlwind of blue and red flames that at approximately 10-15 meters of altitude began to descend on the vineyards.

Frightened, Mrs. [redacted] asked her husband to come and join her and see what she was frightened about. The "thing" had the aspect of a cone of flames that were whirling around the "thing" itself at a slightly turning speed, but the "thing" did not displace even slightly from its bearing.

The flying object stopped for approximately 1 minute at 5 meters from the western part of the field. It maintained itself at an altitude of approximately

7


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

Collines Hills
Cerisiers Situés
Closed Grillage

Vignes - Trajectoire descendante

Small Snack
Cabane Cerisiere

Plate - A = First immobilization
        B = Second immobilization

Under A - Around the circle only the metallic poles had any magnetic resistance. Then one month later, the third pole to the left of the latter had also acquired the magnetism.

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2

74.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFOIN-4LN/Capt C.T. Gregory
w/69216

AFOIN-4-4

SUBJECT: Investigation of UFO Report

TO: Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence
Headquarters USAF
ATTN: AFOIN-LAI
Washington 25, D.C.

TO: U. S. Air Attache
American Embassy
Paris, France

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, request action be initiated to determine the general facts surrounding a UFO reported to have landed at Brignoles, 9 kilometers west of Vins-sur-Caramy. Your attention is invited to Inclosure No. 1.

2. Action taken should be of informal nature, and should not result in any undue inconvenience or interruption of your normal operations.

3. While no credence is given this report, previous experience with incidents of this nature dictates the USAF Intelligence files should indicate that some official action had been initiated, in the event any official or public inquiries are made regarding this incident.

1 Incl
Ltr fr J. Guieu
w/UFO Rpt & Sketch

[Handwritten notes on the side and bottom of the document]


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

5 meters from the ground. In the course of the first stop, the vine stocks were strongly agitated, and so was the ground as they underwent a sort of aspiration that was directed in an upward direction (therefore, towards the apparatus) and the apparatus was meanwhile violently whirling. The object whose giration on the spot was accompanied with a deafening sound, recovered the flight above the field, and then descended towards the south at approximately 400 meters from the first stop at 5 to 10 meters from a clump of trees (cherry trees) in a gap in the ground near a bridge.

The gyrating cone created a violent turbulence (?) that brutally and roughly made the leaves and the branches of the trees shake. The latter, according to the witnesses, were bent in several manners. Their branches and leaves seem to be on the point of being yanked out. The cone of red and blue flames once more started on its slow course and trajectory and then climbed the direct side of a hill (at approximately 30 meters from the ground), then having reached the top of a hill, it rapidly ascended into the sky at a very rapid rate of speed and disappeared. The latter disappeared in a North-Easterly direction.

At no time did the witnesses see the so-called "apparatus" itself; all they claim to have seen was the turbulent mass of whirling flames that were red and blue and were in the form of a cone and the point of which was directed towards the ground, and the peak of the latter was approximately 5 meters long.

The witnesses could not be exact in relation to the form of the apparatus as the latter was completely covered with flames that were oscillating in all directions and whirling, but they did think that the ensemble on the whole seemed to have a cone-shaped aspect.

At the place where the O. V. N. I. (U. F. O.) stopped at the first time in the vineyards, the ground violently jarred and was shaken. Even though the apparatus was only 5 meters from the ground, we found no trace of burned spots on the ground or any hardening of the ground. Therefore, one is not really

8


- page 24 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

dealing with "flames" but with some phenomenon of ionization.

At approximately 5 meters from the immobilization point, we found a metallic fence in very bad condition, of latticed irregular links and metallic wire lattice posts. The other part of the fence had wooden posts. Only the wire post (approximately 1 meter high) that was situated at approximately 5 meters from the immobilization point presented a magnetism. This magnetism made the needle of the compass undergo a 30 degree deviation. The 30 degrees deviation in proportion to the proximity of the compass.

Thus, the other wire posts (that were situated at approximately 5 meters from the magnetized T-shaped wire fence post) did not present any magnetism. Thus, the latter did not barely make the needle vary at all. This remained constant even when the compass was placed within 4 centimeters of the latter. This negative tests results tend to prove, on the one hand that the mass of these bars (all of the same nature) is not sufficient to provoke a sensitive deviation of the needle with the only exception being that it was already registered and is in absolutely no way an inherent quality of this metal.

There was no trace of magnetism on the ground near / immobilization points and the around the object was supposedly present.

These tests and these reports have been executed in the presence of Mr. Jacques Verpillot and Paul Jaubert that are related to the C. I. E. Ouranos in Palada. We were rejoined in Amelie-les-Bains by Dr. Marcel Pages, who is the investigator of the C. I. E. in the Pyrenees-Orientales province, Mr. M. J. Verpillot and myself went to the police station of Amelie-les-Vains, where we were received by the warrant officer Mahoux and the policemen Poudade and Barbe. We have received the observations that had been made by the latter in Palada and on the testimonies that were supplied by the eye witnesses and also placed on tape.

These observers were surprised at the lack of respect that the witnesses

9


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

the noise that was reported by the witnesses even though it was also subjected
to the same types of vibrations.

We are therefore, dealing with two types of apparatus that are similar in
form and size, and in there manageability but different in "mechanical" manifes-
tation as although they apparently are similar, they are both silenced by means
of some sort of a special device that utilized the magnetic field.

Conclusions:

No nation on the earth has aircraft that are silent in maneuvers and silenced
by a propeller system and, therefore, it is ipso facto that these apparatus
come from another world. On the other hand, the new type of apparatus that
have begun to be manifested in a singular manner let one suppose that other
apparatuses of this type will soon appear. It will, therefore, be indispensable
that the witnesses that should observe these "phenomenona" not hesitate in
informing and placing themselves in touch with police stations or our Investigational Bureau, or the press.

Jimmy Guieu

Note:
A new magnetic examination was conducted by D. Pages one month after the investigation, and the examination by Jimmy Guieu. This indeed exposed the fact
that metallic posts had an inversed rate/ magnetism. The almost exact same
as in Vins one can ask whether or not the proximity of the apparatus can possibly
cause the apparatus that are near to be temporarily neutralized in relation to
their normal state and yet cause others to be modified or increased? Periodical
measurements will be conducted on these pieces of fence in order to establish
their eventual magnetism.

11


- page 26 -

Case #3 - Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre, May 10, 1957

Investigators: Marc Thirouin - The general different director of C. I. E. Ouranos
Y de Saint-Aubin - the Secretary General of C. I. E. Ouranos
Jules - reporter and investigator of C. I. E. Ouranos for the department that is located in Somme

Eye Witnesses: Mr. [redacted] - a highway maintenance laborer of S. N. C. F.
Mr. [redacted] - a S. N. C. F. road-mender
Mrs. [redacted]
Mr. [redacted] - an equipment man for S. N. C. F. and the municipal counselor of Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre, along with some others

Others: Mr. [redacted] retired, and Mrs. [redacted]
Mr. [redacted] - a farmer; all of them from Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre.
Some others

The narration and testimony of the witnesses:

Mr. [redacted]. On may 10, 1957, my wife and I were in the company of some neighbors (Mr. and Mrs. [redacted]), who had come to pay us a visit. We were in the kitchen; my wife left and went to the badroom where our son lay ill. At approximately 10:45 p.m., we heard someone tap on the kitchen window, and so we opened the window and there we saw Mr. [redacted], a Hungarian refugee, who has been here since 1942, all panting and puffing; he kept repeating, "They attacked me; they attacked me!" At the time of all the confusion, we asked him to please come in and we dimmed the lights. In very whispered words, he told us what had happened and why he was so frightened, and we listened attentively, then we looked out the window....

Mr. [redacted]. On May 10, 1957 at approximately 10:45 p.m., as I was riding home on the route that comes from Beaumont on the way to Beaucourt-Sur-

12


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

Andre coming from church. Upon arriving at the level of the electric transformer at the turn in the highway that at this time of the night and at this side is generally deserted, therefore I was very surprised to observe a very powerful flare located on the highway. After observing the flare, I observed four silhouettes of human aspect that seemed to be blocking my way.

Very strongly amazed at this arrangement that immediately struck me as being an ambush so that I jumped from my bike and ran to take cover behind the transmitter device and through a foot path, and after a rather long detour, I stumbled upon the house of Mr. and ___. I tapped on the window of their kitchen, and they let me in, and then I explained to them what had happened, and what I had done.

Then all of us observed the latter from the window. Mr. and Mrs. ____, then Mr. ____ who had also passed along this route.

Mr. ____ - through the window of our kitchen, we observed all five of these humans on the open route to Miramont at less than 50 meters was a brilliant light whose color would blink on white then turn to dull red. Then so that we could see better, we went to the door. The light remained more on the red than on the white. When it was white, it appeared to be the fire of a very powerful floodlight projector, and it was blinding.

This light cast a reflection to the back of it, and very near this we observed three figures that appeared to be that of three men who could not measure more than 1.50 meters standing on the highway in an immobile manner, their arms hanging along side their bodies and half-hidden by the slope of the hill. They seemed to be dressed in a greyish-beige outfit, and their heads seemed to be very somber colored although we did not get a good close look at them.

An automobile passed along the open highway and the headlights of the auto let us have, for a brief instant, another look at the three, still immobile, figures.

13


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

Plate 3 - in the circle, are the black sets of marks and the landing spot.

Along the edge of the route, the lattice work and the metallic fence posts (wire, in T form).

The distance that is indicated is thought to be the maximum.

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2    13 a.

The document also contains a map/diagram with locations such as:
- Beaucourt-R.D.50
- Transformateur
- Miraumont
- Laine
- Butte
- Cafe restaurant
- Ferme Depart
- Lepot Beaucourt-Nazel


- page 29 -

After the automobile passed, the white light reappeared but less blinding and higher above the level of the highway. We saw it shine in the sky at approximately a 45° angle towards the North-East approximately towards M. Chantelain and without a single sound made. This all took place at approximately 11:15. The light started to fade. But approximately 15 minutes later, it once again appeared high in the sky above the church (to the North-East). It seemed that as it flew away, its brightness diminished. Soon we lost sight of it.

Towards the end of the observation, I went to the station behind the house to warn my colleague who was still on duty (Mr. [redacted]). He promptly joined us and observed the light taking flight.

We called the police in Albert and approximately a half-hour later, they arrived. We accompanied them on the highway right to the place where we had seen the light and the beings.

There, we were all surprised upon encountering the presence, on the highway, of approximately 12 different sets of forms. These were all of different dimensions and widths and black as the casting of costly tar. This was divided along the periphery of a circular area of approximately 3 to 4 centimeters in diameter and had a width of one centimeter. This soft substance was slightly sticking to the ground and we were able to remove it by rolling it on itself as if it were crepe paper. It had no trace of circulation except that of the tire mark of an auto that was probably the auto that we had seen pass during the time we were observing the other phenomenon, and I now refer to that auto that appeared approximately 10 minutes after the light disappeared.

The next few days, these traces were flattened; they also stretched and adhered to the ground, and it was then impossible to remove any more of this substance. This substance was not tar because it had a slight stool odor. The five other witnesses, Mrs. [redacted], Mr. and Mrs. [redacted], Mr. [redacted] and

14


- page 30 -

GRAPHIC, NOT REPRODUCIBLE

Plate 4 - To the left - The view that was taken from the window of Mr. [redacted]. It apparently was from here that the witnesses saw the light of the Projector and the three "small men". The distance from the window to the arrow does not surpass 50 meters. Above the high earthwork that borders the highway is behind the arrow. The pasture where the cows are let out that belong to Mr. [redacted]. Let one eventually remember the place that this occurs so that no confusion is, therefore, credible.

To the right - Next to our general secretary and the dotted white lines one can observe the sets of marks that were left, near the place of the observation and the surrounding area. These marks were well worn over a period of time and are presently not quite so noticeable as they have been smoothed out, but one of them still bears a distinct tire mark of the automobile that passed that night. To the right we see the transmission. The arrow indicates the place where Mr. [redacted] farm is located in the background.

To the right - View that was taken from the highway, but in the opposite direction. There one sees the house of Mr. [redacted]. The arrow stopped and Mr. [redacted] and mr. [redacted] saw from their windows. To the right of the arrow, one sees the cafeteria. This all occurred at 3400 p.m., one night.

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2

14 &.


- page 31 -

Mr. [illegible name] were all questioned individually, and they all confirmed this report.

Examination of the sets of substance on the highway

At the site that had been indicated by the witnesses, we examined the previously described pieces of matter. They appeared to be similar to stretched pieces of tar on the highway, but they did not contain any gravel in contrast to that tar on the highway, and they did not stem from the highway, and were definitely not part of a piece that had been worked on as the highway in this section was in good condition.

We did try to use a knife and remove some of this, but it adhered to the highway and to the knife and to our fingers and was very difficult to remove. It did not smell like tar and rather gave an odor that was even worse than tar. However, the latter did not seem to smell like cow dung as was previously stated.

We lifted some of the particles of the highway that also seemed to smell like the characteristic tar odor.

At some hundred meters of the latter, in front of a monument for dead, we removed some of the highway that had been patched, and it seemed to be similar to the mysterious substance that we had encountered although it did not smell like the latter.

We subjected these three pieces to the flame of a bunsen burner and the repair piece of the highway gave off the well-known odor of hot tar, and the two other pieces, although they were equally subjected to the flame gave off no recognizable odor with the exception of one that slightly resembled glue or wax.

These pieces are presently still being analyzed but the experts to whom we submitted these pieces for examination have informed us that the mysterious substance is not tar, but asphalt and the crackling that was produced during the subjection to the flame was probably due to some form of hydration, be it

15


- page 32 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

accidental or not.

Anyway, any way that one looks at it if we are dealing with a known substance, then the presence of the latter on thehighway is, therefore, explained and also explains the cracked pieces that were encountered over an area of 3 to 4 meters in diameter. In this small province of 195 people, the passing of an asphalt truck would not go unnoticed and, at 10:45 at night, it would be an unlikelihood. Even a leak in a nozzle would not have left such traces.

We examined the approximate bridges and highways for some other clues.

Cows and storm lamps

We know, through the press the almost official version that has been accredited to the statements of the Mayor of Beaucourt, Mr. [redacted]. According to this version, Mr. [redacted] left his house about 11:30 p.m. carrying a storm lamp to try and check on his cows (one of them having died) going to the pasture that is next to his farm and extends up to an intersection of the Miraumont highway route.

This could possibly be the lamp that the witnesses saw as having been the projector of red and white glaring lights, then the same light that they saw in the sky and the same that the 4 or 5 men that they saw eventually would have been Mr. Chatelain's cows.

Or, we do not want to make remarks on the ridiculous of this situation, and its interpretations. Only a glance at the photographs that we publish here and the diagram and the explanations and testimonies of each of the witnesses leads one to believe that the "cows and storm lamp" version is only one of a state of mind.

Let us suppose that an experienced railroad man should confuse, comparable to the eye witnesses, that look into the sighting position and signal lamps should confuse the glare of a projector (floodlight) that blinks on red and white with that of a small storm lamp. Imagine! This could not happen, and

16


- page 33 -

No Case (Information Only)                     14 April 1957     Vins/s Caramy FRANCE

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
OURANOS INTERNATIONAL COMMISSION OF INVESTIGATION
(for the study of UFO and connected problems)

Investigator:     Jimmy Guieu, Chief of Service of Investigations

Surnames and Given Names of Eye Witnesses:    Mrs. [redacted] - 73 years
                                               Mr. [redacted] - 65 " (?)
Their Address and Place of Observation:        VINS s/CARAMY (Var), France

Date of Observation:                           Sunday, April 14, 1957

Time:                                          15 o'clock

Sunday, April 14th at 15 o'clock Mesdames [redacted] and [redacted] were walking alone the road D.24 at about 1 kilometer to the east of Vins s/Caramy, when suddenly at about 100 meters from their position there landed on the road a curious metallic machine (of dull metal color) in the form of a cone, the apex pointing downward. The object resembled somewhat a big top (convex crown) with a maximum height of 1.50 meters and diameter of about 1 meter. Perpendicular to the walls of the cone there were metallic stems which were being agitated rapidly.

At the instant that the machine was maneuvering to land the witnesses heard a deafening rattle. This "metallic" noise was produced by a flat road sign (No. 1 on the attached drawing) situated about 5 meters away from the point of landing, which vibrated violently.

Mesdames [redacted] and [redacted], being frightened, at the same time uttered a cry of stupefaction immediately following the rattling.

Alerted by the noise and by the cries, Mr. [redacted], 300 meters away from the spot doing something at an solary on a hill, came rushing down believing that there had been an automobile accident. "When he arrived he saw the machine land and again heard the strange metallic vibrations.

The "cone" made a jump up on the road, made a turn (towards the east as 6 or 10 meters height at the maximum) and went to land a second time on a little road some 20m meters away from its first landing spot.

At the time of its turning it flew over a second road sign (No. 2 on the drawing), which it also caused to vibrate violently, and with these vibrations it produced a noise, a very significant "resonance," during the evolutions of the object the three witnesses very distinctly saw the panels vibrate, just as if they had been subjected to violent shocks repeated at a rapid cadence.

Finally the machine takes off pitching from side to side and it went away quite silently toward the southeast at a moderate speed. At no moment did the machine itself make any sound. The observation lasted about a minute.

1


- page 34 -

we will not believe it!

Let us add that of the reconstitution that proceeded the night of the famous storm lamp, in the pasture of Mr. [redacted], has amply demonstrated the fact that no confusion was possible insomuch as that is related to the intense light and the color that the trajectory and the speed of take-off that are retrospective of light has no comparison.

What exactly did Mr. [redacted] say?

We asked Mr. [redacted] for his version of the facts. But to be truth-ful, the Mayor of Beaucourt does not seem to ever have had any real version of facts.

Without a doubt, and in front of the police, it is true that he pretended to say that his wife was the one that had left the house about 10:45 p.m. and 11:20 p.m. But this is all at least one hour later than the event that is presently under investigation, and then he said that his wife went to bed at 11:30 (this does seem possible because farmers do go to bed early). And then the next day in front of the Municipal council, he pretended that he was the one that went out towards the above mentioned hours, and he had his tractor with him (this seems a little less believable).

When at last we asked him for his unbiased opinion, he seemed a little embarrassed and he then revoked all that he had said in the police station and which is almost impossible to achieve. We know that it deals with a certain principal...after all the Mayor's signature is at stake! But the meeting did not seem to bother him, and he did mention the fact that the witnesses that were involved were "honest people" and at no time did he try and create a feeling of distrust towards them and at no time did he become worried over their testimonies.

We therefore absolved Mr. [redacted] with the conviction that he was the first to deplore his statements, and that they were perhaps a bit premature

17


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

nor that he tried to make a fuss over the official version of facts that were jointly inscribed in the case by six of the most respected and most dignified inhabitants of the community, among which one of these was the Municipal Council.

Three days after these events, Mr. [redacted], moreover, stated that one of his administrators, Mr. [redacted], had made some very different statements and had also remarked that, "In any case, there must be something to all of this..."

The witnesses are very trustworthy people

We pursued our investigation all over the country side and we realized that not one individual doubted the sincerity and the statements that had been made by the witnesses. On a whole, all of the Beacourtians are open and sincere, logical and calm, and objective people. And, they never pretended to know more than they really knew.

The Chief of the police station of Beaucourt-Hamel that had not been alerted or warned of the event on that famous evening yet, when we posed the problem of thematter to him he voluntarily responded, "They have surely seen something!" All of the witnesses are employed by the railroad and they have made us aware of the following observation, "Why tell stories?" These inventions, if they were only that, would make us look bad in the eyes of our bosses. And, also possibly jeopardize our individual job positions.

An orange light in the fields

Now, we will continue on in a more pleasant mood and by this we refer to the fact that the next night some of the young people of the village were shooting firecrackers in the fields of Mr. [redacted] and we found among the fields some of these halfburned firecrackers by the fields, but this was not another cause of confusion as the cause was understandable.

More interesting is the observation that was conducted the night of May

FTD-TT-54-572/1+2                18


- page 36 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

May 11 and May 12 by Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] that live on the side of the Miraumont highway, a little above the other witnesses. They had not spoken to the press and other officials. Their statement is as follows.

"On May 10, we did not see anything as we were asleep, Mr. [redacted] states. But the following evening, I was awakened at approximately 3 in the morning (and at our ages, sleep is one of our weaknesses') as I passed by the window that passes through the room and is located in a South-West direction. I was attracted by a rather brilliant orange light that I perceived through the window. It was the same in diameter as the moon and the range of the Clare reached the Decuperer home that is to the left of the Cafeteria at approximately 80 meters. I woke my wife up and told her to come and observe this strange light. She did and then after a few seconds, the light disappeared and did not reignite so that we went back to bed."

Mrs. [redacted] confirmed the testimony of her husband. At this time of the night, it is rather strange that one should believe that it could have been a stray firecracker, and no one else would have observed it. At the Decuperer farm, we found out that no one had seen anything strange and that all told, they had all slept straight through the entire night. This surpassed the time that the Laines had been aroused by the strange light.

Conclusions

These are the first indications of an investigation that took place during a period of 10 hours on Saturday and Sunday the 18 and 19 of May. This was only 8 days after theoccurrences. Some things must still be cleared up, as we have already indicated and therefore all that we comment on the magnetic investigations that were conducted on the metallic pieces that were located near the observation points. This is given later as a simple indication because a systematic study was begun after the set of phenomena that were reported, referring to those that took place in Vins, Palada and Beaucourt. We will

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2                19


- page 37 -

draw attention to the reader of the note and the magnetic measurements that follow.

The only place that is lacking now is that which would eventually deal with the vibrations that were confirmed both in Vins and Palada. These can be supported as new and important elements for the solution of lift and support elements of the propulsion of Non-Identified Flying Objects. We continue our study of this subject.

Note:

If, by some chance, this article should fall into the hands of that person or persons whose automobile passed on Miraumont highway, the tenth of May at approximately 11:00 p.m., and if they possibly did observe the "small men" on the path of their hill, we would be very appreciative if they would place themselves in contact with us even if they should want to remain anonymous.

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 38 -

DISTRIBUTION LIST

HEADQUARTERS USAF                Nr. Copies     MAJOR AIR COMMANDS         Nr. Copies

ARL (ARB)                         1             AFSC                       1
                                                SCFDD                     10
                                                TDBDP                      5
                                                TDBTL                      1
                                                TDBXP (Eckert)             1
                                                TDBXP (Whitcher)           1
                                                TDSS                       1
                                                SSD (SSFAR)                2
                                                TDBM (Obernour)            1

OTHER AGENCIES
ARMY (FSTC)                       3
DIA                               4
NAVY                              3
OAR                               1

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2


- page 39 -

Information Only
Source: CSI Bulletin # 20, 25 July 57

SOUCOUPE LANDS BRIEFLY IN PROVENCE

April 14, 1957: At about 3 p.m., Mme. [redacted] and Mme. [redacted], the wife of the village constable, were walking on Route #24 about half a mile from the village of Vins, near Toulon in southeastern France. To their great astonishment, and not without some alarm, they saw a metallic construction land 100 yards from them. It took off again almost immediately without any sound. They described it as circular in form, about 6 feet in diameter, and surrounded by antennas resembling radar apparatus.

When she had recovered from the shock, Mme. [redacted] told the authorities - in this case her husband - and immediately advised the police at Brignoles, who quickly arrived on the scene. They found - and recorded in their report - "suspicious traces": the ground was disturbed, and weeds were crushed, at the spot where the two ladies had seen the "saucer" land. Moreover, they were able to find a third witness. A beekeeper [redacted], resident municipal counselor, had not only seen the astonishing thing, but also heard it.

He said that he was on a hill, about 300 yards from the landing spot, when "a loud metallic noise made me turn around. Thinking that two cars must have collided on the road, I ran to see if I could be of any assistance. Then I saw a metallic object make an enormous jump and disappear."

The witness agreed absolutely on the size, thickness, and shape of the object: three feet high, with a very pronounced swelling on the upper surfaces. [redacted] spoke of "a giant top." This "top" had risen vertically, raising a whirlwind of dust, and then had shot off toward the south.

The testimony of the beekeeper conflicted with that of the two women on one point. The women heard no noise. But they stated, however, that the object had landed on the highway before it settled down on the dirt road near them. It therefore seemed reasonable that the sound heard by the beekeeper might have been produced by billboards along the highway, set vibrating by the strong rush of air produced by the craft.

It did not seem possible to question the good faith of the witnesses to this event. They are unanimously respected, and the village people cannot believe that they would conspire to perpetrate a hoax. The Mayor of Vins, M. Ventre, has himself vouched for their respectability.

The "apparition" of Vins has been taken very seriously by a great number of authorities. Technicians from the Research Center at Paris, and from Lyon, came yesterday to investigate. Followed by specialists from the Maritime Prefecture of Toulon, from the D. S. T., and from the Security Forces of the 9th Military District, with Geiger counters, magnetometers, and other detectors, they engaged in various operations, whose results they did not divulge.

- From Nice-Matin (Nice, France) 4/20, as reprinted in Alfred Mahon's Courrier Interplanetaire, 5/15/57. We thank Manon Darlaine of Hollywood, Calif., for sending us this issue of the Courrier.


- page 40 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBXT /Mrs Thompson/ 65382                                                                 26 May 64

SUBJECT: Request for Translation: THREE UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS LAND IN FRANCE

TO: TDBM-LTO (Mr Chesnut)

The following action has been taken on your request dated 4/27/64:

[x] Item has been assigned to a translator as translation number FTD-MT-64-578. A copy will be forwarded to your office as soon as the translation is completed. If a follow-up is necessary, please reference the translation number in future correspondence.

[ ] Request was referred to the FTD Processing Division this date.

[ ] Request was referred to the FTD Technical Library this date.

[ ] Other:

FOR THE COMMANDER

CLAUDE A HUGHES, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Translation Division
Deputy for Foreign Technology Reporting


- page 41 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

For Official Use Only
For Internal Use Within The
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
ONLY

THREE NON-IDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS LAND IN FRANCE.

At Vins-Sur-Caramy (Var), Palaida (Pyr-Or) and Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre (Somme) three unidentified flying objects were observed from the ground,eleven eye witnesses verified the through truth of this statement. The physical phenomenons that were also constant can support the important elements of the investigation that was carried out by C.I.E. and the Bureau of O.V.N.I. (U.F.O).

Last March we announced the continuation of the proposal that was announced in 1957. This took placed in a spectacular manner and the apparition of "non-identified flying objects" (see the last issue of Ouranos( we did not think that the events would take place again and again. On April 14 and then again on the 22nd of April and the last of these events took place on May 10. We were asked to investigate and confirm these events on the basis of the facts that were thought to be the most significant amongst those that we had amassed up to this time.

The press has been the mirror of these facts of which the first event that occurred at Vins and then at Palaida and the last at Beaucourt supplied the material. We were in direct contact with the eye witnesses,police departments,aeronautical services and the press and reporters. All of the latter were also informed of our interest in all available data.

The narrations that were published by the different newspapers,each was able to be confirmed, presented important differences on the essential points that naturally made the technical investigation indispensable. What was necessary to complete this investigation or how long it would take was immaterial.

The first results of these investigations have been studied by the Committee of Investigation of C.I.E. Ouranos in the course of the last two meetings. Examinations and analysis are now being pursued.

Therefore without confirming anything we publish and present, in their chronological order the first reports that are related to the three events.


- page 42 -

Case #1 - Vins-sur-Caramy (Var), April 14,1957.

Detective: Jimmy Guieu, Chief of the Investigational Bureau of C.I.E.Urance.
Assistant: M. Pierre Ayraud, Engineer of studio of Radio Monte-Carlo.
Eye Witnesses: Miss [redacted], Miss [redacted], Mr. [redacted], all three live in Vins-sur-Caramy.

On Sunday, April 14,1957, at 3:00 P.M., Misses [redacted] and [redacted] were walking along route D.24, at approximately 1 kilometer to the east of Vins-sur-Caramy. Suddenly, at approximately 100 meters from where they were standing, a curious metallic apparatus landed. The apparatus was dull metal colored and cone shaped and the nose of the apparatus was vertically pointed downwards. The apparatus was similar to a large spinning top with a convex peak. The maximum height of this apparatus is believed to be approximately 1.50 meters and the maximum diameter was approximately 1 meter. There were metallic like tigela that were parallel to the walls of the cone shaped apparatus that were rapidly vibrating.

At the time that the machine was maneuvering to land the witnesses heard a deafening noise. This noise was made by a signal panel that was rotating (#1 on the diagram that follows) that was situated at approximately 5 meters from the landing point and oscillated and vibrated in a brutal manner.

Misses [redacted] and [redacted] frightened, let out a cry of surprise and terror and the same time of the noise.

Alerted by these shouts and screams, Mr. [redacted], who had been caring for an apiary in the hillside, came running as he thought that there had been an automobile accident. It was then that he saw the apparatus take-off and once more engage in the strange vibrations. Then the apparatus made a skip over the route and making a turn towards the east (approximately at 5 or 10 meters of altitude) it once more landed on a slight little path at approximately 200 meters of its first landing point.

PTD-TT-64-572/1+2                     2


- page 43 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

After its turn the apparatus once more began utilization of the dignified signalling device (#2 on the diagram) which was subjected to brutal oscillations and violent vibrations that produced an awful noise, a "resonance" that was extremely remarkable. During the evolutions of the object all of the witnesses saw the panels vibrate in a violent manner as if it had been subjected to repeated violent shocks at a very rapid rate.

Afterwards the apparatus took off,pitching from side to side and all the time very silently towards a south-east direction and at a very moderate speed. There was no moment when the apparatus itself did vibrate. The coplete observation lasted approximately 1 minute.

Miss [redacted] warned her husband,who later accompanied by the policemen from Brignoles went to investigate the area. And at the place of the supposed landing the police do say that they did encounter a spot of land that was marked (on the path of the route that was supposedly followed) and the police did state that this piece of land did seem to have been swept under the effect of powerful blowers. On the path that was of swept land (second landing) the traces were still very clear. The ground was "flushed" on a diameter of approximately 1.50 meters.

On April 17,1957, in the company of Mr. Pierre Ayraud of Radio Monte-Carlo,I went to the police station in Brignoles (Var). On the presentation of my identi location card as a detective of C.I.E. Ouranos the officer on duty obligingly gave me an account of the investigational report that had been conducted. He informed me that the witnesses were not only very respected and faithful but that they had never been caught in the act of any deceit or fraud.

Not being able to accompany me to Vins,the officer gave me a letter of introduction for a Mr. Ventre that is the head officer in Vins. Arriving at approximately 3;00 in the village (at 9 kilometers to the north east of Brignoles) we were not able to get in touch with Mr. Ventre. I then went out in search of the witnesses and began to ask questions of the villagers. All of my questions were in vain as they did not know (or did not want to say) where the latter could


- page 44 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Mrs. ■■■■ informed her husband, a rural policeman, who soon in the company of the police of Brignoles went to the place. At the place of the first landing the police observed that the ground (along the edge of the road) seemed to have been violently "swept" by the effect of a powerful wind.

On the tracked-down dirt road (2nd landing) the traces were even more - the earth was driven away over a diameter of a meter to a meter and a half.

On April 17, 1957, accompanied by Mr. ■■■■, sound engineer in the Monte-Carlo Radio Studio, I went to the police of Brignoles (Var). On presentation of my card as investigator for the Ouranos the adjutant originally acquainted me with his report of investigation. He affirmed at once that the witnesses are not only of good faith, but they are above any suspicion of a hoax.

As he could not accompany me to Vins, the adjutant provided me with a word of introduction to Mr. Ventre, the mayor of Vins s/Caramy (on the Caramy). Arriving at 15 o'clock at the village (a kilometer to the northeast of Brignoles) we could not get in contact with the mayor who was absent. So I set about to question the witnesses and interrogate the villagers. My questions aimed a free-up: Nobody knew anything (or would not talk) about where they were to be found. After some minutes of research through the streets of the village the news of our arrival had caused those who knew to flee.

The others were content to look on us with suspicion... In substance, irritated by the press, the radio and TV after 48 hours the witnesses had "taken to the bush" on the near hill. Mr. ■■■■ who was working this day at the bottom of the bauxite mine had no need himself to hide...

During our "chase after the witnesses" a front-wheel-drive Citroen stopped in the square of the village. The adjutant from the police of Brignoles, followed by a sergeant, and a policeman got out coming to supervise (?) my investigation. At once the sergeant peremptoirly declared that the machine in question, "remote controlled," came from the "base of the Isle of Levant." I took exception to this affirmation alleging that no nation possesses aircraft that move silently. I explained besides to the sergeant that if the signals had vibrated with such a racket close to the machine, this came from the fact that they had been caught in the magnetic propulsion field. General skepticism. I offered then to try to demonstrate the matter by an experiment.

Skeptical, but intrigued, my interlocutors acquiesced.

With our 4 CV following their Citroen we arrived at the location of the first landing on the road D.24. There in the presence of the police who observed my experiment, attentively I approached my compass; the body of the 4 CV and noted the amplitude of the deviation of the needle, 3 to 40 maximum. Then I placed the compass at the exact spot of the landing-negative result, not a vestige of magnetism in the ground.

However, at 5 meters from there the road-sign panel (No. 1 on the drawing) made the needle of the compass jump. Marking thus a deviation of 15° (we recall that the mass of the Renault only made the needle deviate 3 or 4 degrees). I invited the sergeant personally to go through the same experiment. The result was identical to that which I had obtained.

2


- page 45 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

be found. After a few minutes in the village the news of our arrival made those that
knew anything "flee" and the others only regarded us with suspicion. In other words
already irritated by the press, radio, and television and after 40 hours the witnesses
had gone in hiding in a near hill. Mr. [redacted] was working that day in a bauxite mine
and therefore did not have any reason to also "go into hiding".

During our "search" of the witnesses, a front wheel drive Citroen automobile had
stopped in the village square. The warrant officer (or comparable rank)* of the
Brignoles Police Station, followed by another corporal and another policemen stepped
down from the automobile and made their way towards me ... to come and supervise
my investigation!

At the very first the Corporal peremptorily declared that the apparatus in ques-
tion - the "teleguide" --most likely came from the base on the Isle of Levant. I con-
tested this affirmation explaining to him that no country or nation had an aircraft
that could move in absolute silence! I also explained to the Corporal that if the
signal poles could vibrate with such an amount of noise near the apparatus, this pro-
bably indicated that they had been taken into the general magnetic field of the pro-
pellers. General scepticism. I then offered to go and investigate the place that this
occurred to see if there were any magnetic traces remaining.

Sceptical but intrigued my interlocutors agreed.

Our "4CV" followed their front wheel drive Citroen and we arrived at the place
where the apparatus had landed the first time on Route D 24. There in the presence
of the police officers who, on my orders, were attentively watching and observing my
experiment, I proximated my compass against the body frame of the "4CV" and was made
aware of the amplitude of the deviation of the needle, approximately 3 degrees. And
then I placed my compass to the right of the spot where the apparatus was supposed
to have landed. The result was negative in relation to any trace of magnetic activity.

But at 5 meters from this point, where the signal poles had been (#1 on the diagram)
it made the needle on my compass skip approximately 5 centimeters thus making a devi-
ation of 15 degrees. Let us remember that the mass of the Renault had only made the

PFD-TT-64-572/1+2                 4


- page 46 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

needle skip 3 to 4 given degrees I invited the corporal to conduct these same experiments and the result was identical to those that I had conducted.

One instant later,we then went up to the route that was followed by the apparatus in flight and to the right (approximately 100 meters) to the other signal pole where the apparatus had also passed. This pole(indicating to the Brignoles) is also magnetized and proved it by showing the skip in the needle of the compass another time to 15 degrees. Thus on the third pole,that was situated in a direction towards the village of Vins-sur-Caramy at approximately 6 to 8 meters ,the needle did not move at all on the compass. This test was negative clearing showing that the other two poles were greatly magnetized and this really amazed the policemen. The latter also reenacted the investigations that I had previously conducted on the apparatus poles and reached the very same results and therefore came to the same exact conclusions.

Then we moved to the small path where the aircraft had supposedly landed the irrigation second. There was no remaining magnetism on the ground. Thus the/vane (0.40 meters to one side) that was opened (in a dry state)revealed a remnant magnetism that made the needle of the compass move approximately 15 degrees,like poles #1 and #2.

The apparatus was then supposedly only 1.50 meters from the irrigation vane at the maximum. These tests were then repeated by the corporal,the warrant officer and the policemen were also very important and especially in the absence of the magnetism on the pole that was precisely the one that had not been submitted to the vibrations that the other poles had. Only a profound and appropriate study and investigation of these results could let one confirm that it was in fact related to a magnetic phenomenon that was natural or consecutive of the ground environment.

We returned to the village, thanks to the presence of the policemen I was able to return and encounter Mr. [redacted]. The latter assured of the fact that I was an investigator (he did not want to have to go through another interview for any newspaper !) he was willing to go and fetch his wife and Mrs. [redacted] that were in hiding in the near hill ! This is why I was finally able to talk with the witnesses I Our interview

FID-TT-64-572/1+2                                                   5


- page 47 -

Plate 1 - A = First landing.
B = Second landing.

Signal poles 1 and 2 and the magnetic deviation. Signal pole 3 -no deviation.

Irrigation vane -Magnetic deviation.
Inset - Scheme of the apparatus with the peripherical tigea (vibrating) according to the description by the two witnesses.

FFD-TT-64-572/1+2

19


- page 48 -

was recorded on a tape recorder by Engineer Mr. Pierre Ayraud and released on the
same day on (April 17 at 7:08 P.M.) the Radio Monte-Carlo Chain Stations.

Note:
In contrast to what the press has announced the D.S.T. is not investigating this
event. On the morning of April 17 (before my departure) the D.S.T. indicated that
only the Air Police would become involved. I therefore got in contact with the Air
Police where Inspector Rocha confirmed that in relation to the Draguignan and the
fact that they were on the way to the spot the apparatus had been seen. This took
place exactly 4 days after the event.

I tend to have to place emphasis on the diligence and the objectiveness of the
policemen of Brignoles. The latter sent out, without a delay, detailed reports to the
Air Police, the Minister of the Interior, the Commander of the IV Air Command and sev-
eral other official organizations. A second report that was made up from my own per-
sonal investigation and mentioned the personal remarks and tests (magnetic measure-
ments) has been, I believensent by the Brignoles police force to the Air Police of
Marseille where it should have arrived on April 19.

Jimmy Guieu.


- page 49 -

Vins-Sur-Caramy - Top-Some tourists examining the landing spots. Bottom- Jimmy with Mr.Pierre Ayraud to his right questioning Mrs. [redacted]. In the inset - Jimmy Guieu registering the magnetic deviation of one of the guide poles that was near the spot where the "Object" landed.

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2     20


- page 50 -

Plate 2 - A = First immobilization.
B = Second immobilization.

Under A - Around the circle only the metallic poles had any magnetic resistance. Then one month later that third pole to the left of the latter had also acquired the magnetism.


- page 51 -

Plate 3 - In the circle are the black sets of marks and the landing spot.

Along the edge of the route the lattice work and the metallic fence posts (wire in T form).

The distance that is indicated is thought to be the maximum.

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2                22


- page 52 -

Plate 4 - To the left - The view that was taken from the window of Mr. [redacted]. It apparently was from here that the witnesses saw the light of the projector and the three "small men". The distance from the window to the arrow does not surpass 50 meters. Above the high shrubbery that borders the highway is behind the arrow. The pasture where the cows are let out that belong to Mr. [redacted]. Let one eventually remember the place that this occurs so that no confusion is therefore credible.

To the right - Next to our general secretary and the dotted white lines one can observe the sets of marks that were left, near the place of observation and the surrounding area. These marks were well worn over a period of time and are presently not quite so noticeable as they have been smoothed out but one of them still bears a distinct tire mark of the automobile that passed that night. To the right we see the transmitter. The arrow indicates the place where Mr. [redacted] farm is located in the background.

To the right - View that was taken from the highway but in the opposite direction. There one sees then house of Mr. Laine. The arrow indicates the area of the field where the "object" was stopped and Mr. [redacted] saw from their windows. To the right of the arrow one sees the cafeteria. This all occured at 3:00 P.M. one night.

FPD-TT-64-572/1+2     23


- page 53 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

U.F.O. Landing

JIMMY GUIEU
Chef du Service d'Enquetes

[Several lines of text are blacked out/redacted]

Date de l'Observation: Dimanche 14 Avril 1957 - Heure: 15 Heures

[The rest of the text is in French and appears to be a detailed report about a UFO observation. Some specific words and phrases are visible, but large sections are blacked out. The document seems to be an official investigation report by Jimmy Guieu about a UFO sighting that occurred on Sunday, April 14, 1957 at 3:00 PM in Vins-sur-Caramy, France.]

The text continues with detailed descriptions, but multiple sections are redacted/blacked out, making complete transcription impossible.

The document is marked "STATIC" in the top right corner and "U.F.O. Landing" in the top left corner.


- page 54 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

de Tallo l'ouest-l'écart, je me rendis à la gendarmerie de Bagnoles (Orne). Mes précisions de ma carte l'appuyant à 2 h. 30, l'adjudant me fit obligeamment prendre connaissance de son rapport. L'enquête, commencée le 26 avril, fut poursuivie le 27 avril, boulonné de bonne foi mais aussi au-dessous de tous soupçon de supercherie.

Je pouvais m'accompagner à Vins, l'adjudant me rendit un mot d'introduction pour l'enquête, ledit de Vins d'Assac, arrivée à 15 h., chargé, à ma vue, au 1/50 de Prigné, dans un terrain de 15 ares, chargé, à ma vue, de quelques traces des écoles et interrogeais les villageois. Ces questions, j'étais un point tel qui savait (ou ne voulait dire) où se trouvait assez quelques indices de recherches par les rues et villages, la nouvelle de notre arrivée ayant fait fuir "ceux qui savaient". Les autres se contentaient de nous regarder avec suspicion... En substance, invités par la presse, la radio et la TV, les témoins avouèrent, la main sur la poitrine, qu'ils n'avaient rien vu... le jour du fond de la mine de bauxite n'avait mal besoin, lui, de croître...

Durant notre "chasse aux témoins", une fraction s'opère que la place du village, l'adjudant de gendarmerie de Bagnoles, alors qu'un notable et alors quelques personnalités, vouant surprendre(?) quelques détails, informèrent que l'engin en question - "Médiguil" - venait certainement de la base de Little du Lemont. Je m'associais en deux sortes cette attribution, allant jusqu'à dire que le terrain était probablement militaire, en outre, un brigadier que si les poteaux signaleurs avaient été avec tel drapeau à proximité de l'engin, cela pourrait du fait qu'ils avaient été vus dans un champ, signifier quelque chose.

Sortiques mais intrigués, mes interlocuteurs acquiescèrent.

Notre CV arrivant leurs textes, nous arrivâmes à l'emplacement du premier atterrissage qui, sur ma demande, parcellisèrent attentivement son expérience, j'aperçois ma boussole contre la, composition de la CV qui fit constater l'amplitude de la déviation de l'aiguille: 5°, 20 maximum. Travail, j'étais, avec M. Tanneau, chargé de l'intervisage: résultat négatif, point de rémanence magnétique au sol.

Deux constats, à 5 m de là, le poteau signalisateur(de I du croquis) fit faire un bond à l'aiguille de la boussole, provoquant ainsi une déviation de 150 à l'opposée de la masse de travail. M. Tanneau, qui était avec moi, fit l'historique du brigadier à procéder personnellement à la même expérience: résultat identique à celui que j'avais obtenu.

Un instant, plus tard, nous suivîmes sur la route de "l'ligne de survol" de l'engin, où, à 100 m à l'amont, nous étions en bordures de champs cultivés (sur la route). Ce poteau (indiquant "Médiguile" était également "magnétique" et situé à l'angle de la l'aiguille de la boussole. Par contre, un troisième poteau situé à 100 m plus loin (indiquant Vins) était, lui, sans aucune trace de magnétisation et ne déviant pas l'aiguille de la boussole. Ce test négatif, évidemment si évident, la magnétisation (pas toutes autres causes, stupéfiant les chercheurs), nous donna la conviction que l'origine de la boussole: conclusions identiques.

Nous traversâmes la route et nous engageâmes sur la petit chemin de terre battue à l'angle, où posa une seconde fois, comme je l'ai expliqué, un sol. Le corps (Cgx, de 6 m2) (largeur 3 m) était visible. A sa surface, l'herbe était couchée, l'aiguille de la boussole, l'indicateur des mouvements T. G. portée, plage verticale, était déviée. Le brigadier et l'adjudant sont probablement.

(1) Autorité "Closet", à Bagnoles, avant.


- page 55 -

An instant later we followed the route of the "line of overlight" of the machine, which at about 100 meters from there had crossed over an onshore sign-post panel (No. 2 on the drawing). This panel (which indicates Brig-noles) was also magnetized and made the needle of the compass deviate 15°. However, a third panel situated 6 or 8 meters beyond (indicating "Vins of Caramy") did not have a trace of magnetization and did not deviate the needle or the compass. The negative test, which put into evidence the magnetization of the other panels, surprised the police. "Never once more proceeded with the checking using the compass--result identical.

We went over the route and found ourselves on the little beat-down dirt road where the machine crossed the second time. Not a trace of magnetism in the soil. However, a sluice gate about 4 or 5 meters to the side, used for irrigation and made of iron (rusted) opening into a brook (dry) showed magnetization making the needle of the compass deviate 15°. After the fusion of the panels 1 and 2 this metallic plate had been magnetized. Besides, the machine had posed at the most 1 to 1½ meters from it. These tests successively checked by the sergeant, the adjutant, and the policeman are conclusive.

Coming back to the village, thanks to the presence of the police, I was able to find the rural policeman, Mr. [illegible]. The latter assured me to my activities as an investigator (he did not want at any cost to have to do again with a newspaper man) also agreed to seek out his wife and Mrs. Garcin hiding on the hill. Thus I was able at last to interrogate the eye witnesses. Our conversation was recorded on the tape recorder by the sound engineer, Mr. Pierre Ayraud, and transmitted the same evening (April 17) at 19:04 o'clock over the Monte Carlo network.

The mere fact of the considerable residual magnetization revealed by the metal panels and metal plate makes it unnecessary to insist on the good faith of the witnesses.

N. B. Contrary to what the regional press announced the D. S. M. did not concern itself with this matter. On April 17 in the morning (before my departure) I got in touch only with the Air Police were concerned themselves with 1½. I then got in contact with the Air Police, whereupon Lieutenant Roche confirmed the matter to me, particularly pointing out that a correspondent from Draguignan was sent to the places. This correspondent made an investigation on April 18, 16, etc. four days after the event.

I want to point out particularly the diligence and the objectivity with which the police of Brignoles acted; they sent a detailed report immediately to the Air Police, to the Ministry of the Interior, to the Commandant of the 4th Air Region, and to other official organisms. A second report covering the circumstances of my personal investigation and mentioning the points verified, I believe, was sent by the police of Brignoles to the Air Police in Marseilles, where it should have arrived on April 19th in the morning.

Done at Marseilles April 20, 1957

(Seals and signatures)


- page 56 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 3 -

Revenu au village, grâce à la présence des gendarmes je pus rencontrer le garde-champêtre, M. _____, celui-ci, rassuré sur son activité l'enquêté (il ne voulait aucun prix avoir - de nouveau - affaire à un journal) acquiesça à ma demande et me donna quelques détails dans la colline. C'est ainsi que je pus - en fin - m'entretenir avec l'intéressé qui était encore aux magues le soir même par l'ingénieur de son Ex. Pierre Ayraud et de son chef de service M. Marius Maillet le soir du 17 avril.

La seule présence des nombreux éléments artistiques relevés sur les papiers et la venue du même point ministre sur la bonne foi des témoins.

N.B. Contrairement à ce que la presse régionale annonça, la D.S.T. ne s'est pas occupé de cette affaire. Le 17 Avril au matin(avant mon départ) la D.S.T. et la Police de l'Air où l'Inspecteur Nadal m'a confirmé, prenant contact avec la police locale, l'Inspecteur Draguignan se rendait sur les lieux. Ce correspondant, après ma demande, la nuit à 4 jours après l'événement.

Je tiens à signaler la diligence et l'objectivité avec lesquelles opérèrent les gendarmes de Brignoles qui adressèrent leur rapport détaillé à la Police de l'Air, au Ministère de l'Intérieur, au Chef de la 4ème Région Aérienne, et à l'Autorité Préfectorale. Un second rapport, faisant état de mon enquête personnelle et mentionnant les constatations précédemment (présomptions techniques)établies oh il a été arrivé le 19 Avril au matin.

Fait à Marseille le
20 Avril 1957.

Vu;
Le Directeur Général
de la D.S.E.O.N.O.S:
Marc THIROUIN.

JIMMY GUIEU
Chef du Service d'Enquête


- page 57 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Left side of document, partially legible]
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL RECORD
[Rest of text is illegible]

[On the diagram/sketch]
Visible text fragments include:
- "Vigne" (possibly "Vignes")
- "D.24"
- Some coordinate or notation markers like "@" and numbers

The document appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram with multiple annotations, arrows, and what seems to be a schematic representation of an object or landscape. Most of the handwritten text is difficult to read completely due to the image quality.

The sketch includes several small diagrams, including what looks like a stylized UFO or object in the top left corner, and various directional markings and lines across the page.


- page 58 -

APRIL-MAY 1957 - THREE LANDING OR NEAR-LANDING CASES IN FRANCE

In News Letter #9 (p. 25) we mentioned the excellent accounts of three 1957 sightings in France, personally investigated by Jimmy Guieu and Marc Thirouin, whose reports were published in Ouranos #21. The first case was the landing at Vins, in Provence (department of Vary), on April 14 (NL #78, p. 13). The second was the extra-ordinary object seen at Palalda in southwestern France (department of Pyrénées-Orientales) on April 22, not previously described in this News Letter. The third was the 11th-near-report of May 10, at Ancourt-sur-l'Ancre (department of Seine-et-Oise), north of Paris. (See NL #8, pp. 15-16.)

The stories are noteworthy not only for the events but for the quality of the investigations presented in Ouranos, from which we quote below. Readers who are at home in French are urged to read the original accounts, for the magazine presents sketch maps and photographs, together with a number of other interesting details omitted here for lack of space.

Vins-sur-Caramy - April 14, 1957

Our report in NL #8 was taken from the Nice-Matin of April 20, as reprinted in the Courrier Interplanétaire of May 15, 1957. From the Ouranos account it is clear that the newspaper story was inaccurate regarding several aspects of the affair.

The object seen landing on Route D-24 (corresponding to a state highway in the U.S.) was described inexactly by the paper as "a metallic construction, circular in form, 3 ft. high, about 6 ft. in diameter, with a swelling on the upper surface; the witness spoke of a 'giant top'; surmounted by antennas resembling radar apparatus." As the sketch shows, the object was conical, with a convex top, and rested on its points. It was about 5 ft. high. From the surface of the cone there projected at right angles many little rods, apparently metallic, which were in rapid vibration.

The object itself made no sound at any time; but as it settled down on the highway, a deafening noise came from a metal road sign about 12" x 30", mounted on a post about 5 yards from the landing spot. This sign shook and vibrated violently, frightening the two women who were about 100 yards away - Mme. Rami, wife of the village constable, and her friend Mme. Garcin. (Contrary to the newspaper account, both of the women heard the noise.)

The racket was also heard by M. Jules Boglio, tending his beehives on a hill about 300 yards to the north. Thinking that two cars had collided, he ran toward the highway, and as he ran he saw the object take off. Again there was the loud metallic vibration from the sign. The "noise" emerged cautiously, traveling only 15 or 20 feet above the ground, and dropped down again on a dirt road about 200 yards from the place where it had landed the first time. During this brief "hop" it passed above another road which vibrated as noisily as the first. (Note: the Nice-Matin story indicated that the women were on the dirt road when the object appeared first. This is incorrect.)

The thing then took off again, pitching from side to side, and flew toward the southeast at moderate speed. The entire affair had lasted about one minute.

Mme. Rami immediately notified her husband, and the constable went to get the police from nearby Brignoles. The two landing spots were examined; on the highway, the ground beside the road seemed to have been violently "swept", as if by a powerful blast of air. On the dirt road the traces were even more conspicuous; the earth was "scoured away" in a circular spot about four feet in diameter.

Three days later Jimmy Guieu, with M. Pierre Ayraud of Radio Monte-Carlo, visited the Brignoles police station as the first step in their investigation. They were shown the official police report on the case - which made it clear that the witnesses were above all suspicion of having perpetrated a hoax. Proceeding to Vins, Guieu


- page 59 -

Here is the text from the document:

18.

was at first unable to get in touch with the witnesses (by that time they were publicity-shy). Under the skeptical gaze of police, and of a brigadier who insisted that the object was a guided missile, Guieu tested the possibility that the vibration of the signs had been caused by the influence of a magnetic propulsion field. The results were striking.

Guieu first tested his compass at the steel body of his car, which deflected the needle only slightly. He then placed it on the ground exactly where the object had first landed - with no effect on the needle whatever. But as he approached the metal road sign that had vibrated so noisily, the compass showed a deflection of some 15°. The same deflection occurred at the sign above which the object had flown. But a third sign of the same kind, 25 yards from the first landing-spot, did not affect the compass. The second landing-place, in the dirt lane, was also negative; but a 16" iron irrigation culvert, a few feet from the second landing-place, likewise gave a 15° deflection.

Back in the village, Guieu found that once the witnesses were convinced that he was not another journalist but a serious researcher they were willing to talk to him. The tape-recorded interview was broadcast that same evening over Radio Monte-Carlo. Guieu states that the case was investigated by the Air Police (equivalent to the ATC in the United States), but not, as asserted in the Nice paper, by the D.S.T. (equivalent to our FBI).


- page 60 -

Information Only
Source: CSI Bulletin # 20, 25 July 57

10 May 1957
Beaucourt-sur-l'Ancre, France

"LITTLE MEN" AGAIN IN FRANCE

May 10, 1957: At Beaucourt-sur-l'Ancre, France (a small village near Amiens), six people reported a UFO landing and several occupants. According to Reuters, INS, and Paris France-Soir, a 29-year-old Hungarian refugee, was bicycling home shortly after 10:45 p.m. when he was suddenly "dazzled by a strange projectile." Approaching him in the road "in a threatening manner" were four "little men" and five tall, "very carried a brilliant light, which prevented Fekete from making out any details. He fled on his bicycle to the nearby home of _______, a railroad signalman, his wife, and a neighboring couple named _______ who were with them - together with an unidentified companion - "plainly saw" from the doorstep "a hundred meters away on the road (about 100 yards), three or four little men dressed in grey running about" (sic) (quotation), illuminated by the light of an object which was emitting red and white rays alternately." _______ told the France-Soir reporter that "I very distinctly saw a luminous ball giving off red and yellow (sic) rays. The object was moving very slowly. A short time later, I made out the silhouettes of three little men who remained nearly twenty minutes, coming and going in the field and on the road." Apparently, the fourth "little man" reported by Fekete was indistinguishable, as a brilliant light was described which the witnesses said was "flashing a blinding light over the countryside."

At about 11:15, the hovering object departed at a 45° angle toward the northeast at high speed. According to the press accounts, large black "plaques" of an "elastic nature" were found in the road.

The press dismissed the story lightly, reporting that the witnesses had really seen the daughter (according to INS, the wife) of a neighboring farmer (the mayor, again according to INS) named _______. She had gone out into the field to see the cows, carrying a lantern with a "pane of red glass in its top." This was mistaken as the "saucer"; the cows were the "little men." (_______ herself had seen nothing unusual.)


- page 61 -

Here is the text from the document:

16.

Aimé Michel investigated this case within 48 hours and has provided us with some additional data. He felt that the witnesses were indisputably sincere. This opinion was shared by the people of the village, but according to the core-and-lantern theorists, they were mistaken about what they saw. Michael added that he talked to me. Because of the bright light carried by one of the four beings, he was unable to describe them in detail. What he saw was the maximum description: four silhouettes, 4 to 5 feet tall, rather broad bodies, color grey or beige, the head black and broad. They walked with a "tottering" gait. The others described seeing, no nearer than 60 yards, three little men and one light, moving on the road and in the field, between 10:50 and 11:15 p.m. Michael also ascertained that "the farm girl in question remained in the field above the road from 10:10 to 10:50 or 10:55 p.m." One of the witnesses said that "if it is the farm girl who was running so fast with the lantern, she ought to enter the Olympic games."

Regarding the black "plaques" found in the road, _____ writes: "At first sight one thinks on an intense heating of the road in a circle of about 3 yards and of an internal melting of the way, which seems to have flowed. But this is uncertain. The road is lightly traveled. These plaques may have been left by the road-making machines which often pass by. Nobody in the village is able to recall whether or not these plaques were there before the incident."

Michel has no personal opinion about the case. He found it impossible to decide; but "there is a presumption in favor of the witnesses."

-- Besides Michel's letters, sources include the N. Y. Sunday News, 5/12 (INS); N. Y. Journal American, 5/12 (INS); N. Y. Sunday Mirror, 5/12(INS); London News of the World (Reuters), 5/12 and France Soir (Paris), 5/14.


- page 62 -

No Case (Information Only)                                10 May 1957
                                                        Beaucourt-sur-l'Ancre, France

Beaucourt-sur-l'Ancre, - May 10, 1957

Thanks to Michel's personal inquiries, our account of this case was not based entirely on newspaper stories, and requires little correction. Several additional points from the Ouranos article and its photographs accompanying the article show plainly how close the road is to the windows of the kitchen, from which Kitchon, from which Level, and later six people watched, for half an hour, the red-and-white-lighted "object" and the three silhouettes of the "little men," standing upright and motionless on the road, their arms hanging at their sides, concluded below high-level by the roadbank. (During part of the time the figures moved about, with a "tottering" gait, the witnesses told Michel.)

A second interesting fact is that there was another, anonymous, observer of the scene. While those in the kitchen watched the road, an automobile went past. Headlights, however, the witnesses continued to get a glimpse of the "little men," still motionless by the roadside; the driver of this car must certainly have seen the creatures standing there.

Ouranos also discloses that the official "explanation" of the incident, attributed to M. _____, the mayor of the town - namely, that "light" was a lantern carried by Mme. _____, and that the "little men" were the cows she had gone into the field across the road to look after - was tested. But the attempt to reproduce what the witnesses saw, by using a lantern in the field, demonstrated that no such confusion was possible. Furthermore, the mayor himself, when interviewed by Marc Thirouin, exhibited embarrassment, emphasized his agreement with other neighbors that the witnesses were veracious, calm, and logical people, and gave the impression that he felt his original signed statements had been somewhat premature.

Finally, Thirouin obtained an interesting report about the next night (May 11-12) from an elderly couple, the _____, whose house is only about 20 yards from the landing-place on the road. On the night of May 10 the _____ had been asleep and saw nothing. But about 3 a.m. on the night of May 12, they saw, from the window of the bedroom, a big orange light, the size of the full moon, shining in a field about 80 yards away. "We came to the window and saw it too; a few minutes later the light went out, and since we did not see it come on again we went back to bed."

The curious tarry, elastic "plaques" found on the road, around the circumference of a roughly circular area about 5 yards in diameter, were identified as "asphalt used in road-mending," but no one could suggest how they came to be there. Compass tests made by Thirouin were less conclusive than those made by Guieu at Vins, since at Beaucourt all the iron stakes along the roadway attracted the needle strongly.


- page 63 -

