The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

OCR Output:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
5 December 1957
2. LOCATION
Porto Alegre, Brazil
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1300
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ae ground-Visual
5. SOURCE
BR Military
6. NUMBER AND COURSE
one or two
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Newspaper article forwarded with IR. Reported that Brazilian military were observing object resembling a "stellar plane" which"apparently had landing gear" and from which the object became invisible.
12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Was Insufficient Data for Evaluation
11. COMMENTS
Insufficient data for analysis.

- page 1 -

Based on the image, there does not appear to be a photograph present. The image shows a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report document, which contains textual information about strange objects observed in the sky above Salvador, Brazil on December 7, 1957.

OCR Output:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
ARTICLE I

Strange Objects in the Sky Above Salvador

(Folha da Tarde, Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Dec 7, 1957)

Salvador, Dec 6. In this city, too, strange phenomena were observed in the sky, similar to the launching of the Sputniks. Yesterday's sighting was made by both officers and men at the regional headquarters. They say that the men were practicing, when suddenly, strange objects appeared in the sky, which attracted the attention of Major Osmar Soares Dutra, chief of the Communications Division. He decided to study the objects through binoculars. He concluded that it was not one of the known planets, not only because of its immense size, but also because of two simultaneous formations that remained for some time stationary in the sky.

Major Soares suddenly cried out and had other officers, including the Captain, observe the phenomenon. The men looked at the sky. He explained that the object was divided into four parts and then moved towards the east. For some time, the remaining part of the objects stayed in the same position, and then followed the other one.

The newspaperman who was present during the sighting, made the statements and is the only one permitted to make any statement to the press.

OBJETOS ESTRANHOS
NO CEO DE SALVADOR

SALVADOR, 6 (Tarde) - Tam- 
bem nesta cidade foram observados 
fenomenos estranhos no ceu, seme-
lhantes ao lancamento dos "sputnik".
Ontem, durante exercicios, oficiais e
praças da regiao viram repentinamente 
aparecer no ceu estranhos objetos, que
despertaram a atencao do major Osmar
Soares Dutra, chefe da Divisao de Co-
municacoes. Este resolveu estudar os
objetos atraves de binóculos e con-
cluiu que nao se tratava de nenhum
dos planetas conhecidos, nao so pelo
seu tamanho enorme, como tambem pela
formacao simultanca de dois deles que
permaneceram parados no ceu por algum
tempo. O major Soares gritou então e
chamou outros oficiais, inclusive um
capitao, para observarem o fenomeno. 
Os homens olharam para o ceu e o
major explicou que o objeto se dividira
em quatro partes e se deslocara na 
direcao leste. Durante algum tempo, a 
parte restante do objeto ficou parada
no mesmo lugar, para depois acom-
panhar a outra.
O jornalista presente durante o avistamento
foi a unica pessoa autorizada a fazer
declaracoes à imprensa.

- page 2 -

