There are no photographs present on the page.

Here is the OCR-transcribed text from the document:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE 
9 December 1957

2. LOCATION
Dothan, Alabama

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
10/1958 to 2005Z
GMT 

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual
☐ Ground-Radar
☒ Air-Visual
☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
7 minutes

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Details Unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object shape and size of light as on aircraft or radio tower, color red. Bright red light faded to pink to white and back to red. Helicopter in flight in area.

11. COMMENTS
Concur with reporting officer this probably was aircraft light or exhaust of aircraft.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☒ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)
```

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present on the page.

Output of the text found in the document:

```
Uaited States              A"xJ 57
                (Leave blames)
                            AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
AREA REPORT COVERS
	 Alaoama
AGENCY OR OFFICEIN
	 LZ`S. Army  Aviation Center
        Office of ACofS, G-2
     
DATE OF REPORT
	11 Dec 57
SOURCE OF INFORMATION
	6aj. J. Woodzin, Maj. US Arzy
		Capt R. Thayer, Capt., US Army 
PREPARING OFFICER
	Thos. Hill; Cap;t, US&ARY
    
            
DATE OF INFORMATION
	9 Dec 57
EVALUATION
REFERENCES: (Inclodecl previous reports, ciles, or expibiation)

        AIR 203; AF4R  200-2, 12 Aug 54 a



                           Retport of UFOB 
SUM3MRY (Brief sract of report. Give Sigperties to feateseasariee paragraphs. Info. Instrocers at oe  Iel SeeVenge of tras report o AFr Part IIa).

In compliance with AFR 200-2, the enclosed UFOB report is submitted. This Report was mailed to this office by th ; U. S. Army Aviation Center. Office of the Assistant Gofs, G-2, Fort Rucker, Alabama. pertains to an u4enttkfied Flying Object sighted while flying over ; Dothan, Alabama.

  
                             MMiMmX ha; hms   
WILLIAM M. LYONS
Captain, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Division. APGC 
        APPC WES
              n
FON THE COMM$NDEI
        - IZ

DAVID H. JONES
Colonel, USAF
DC/Operations
Air Proving Ground Center
Eglin Air Force Base, Florida

               The atcion  
               fitm& mrts &rap1y
             o- AM 0an

  UFOB Resort (Arm-)
ottomrowi 81 Sen niahoxituntirr h Aimeme ndarpinnshordi-v &I agividnaaksnpreenents Finakothan pir mmik socuIchirs
```

- page 2 -

The document contains a scanned page from an old UFO report, and there appears to be a photograph on it. 

OCR Text Output:

---

Headquarters 
UNITED STATES ARMY AVIATION - yeyeer
Office of the 'AC of S, 
Fort Rucker, Alabama

ACGI 000.72 11 December 1957

SUBJECT: Report on Unidentified Flying Object (RCS exempt paragraph 17e, AR 335-15)

TO: Assistant Chief of Staff, G2 Headquarters Third United States Army Fort McPherson, Georgia
ATTN: A1JBT

1. A brief description of the object:

a. Shape of light as seen on an aircraft or radio tower

b. Size of light seen on flying aircraft.

c. Color: Red

d. Number: One

e. Formation: N/A

f. Any discernible features or details: A bright red light which 
   faded from red, to pink, to white, and back to red. blah \w blah.
g. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object: None. small

h. Sound: None

i. Other pertinent or unusual features: None.

2. Description of course of object:

a. first called the attention... object: 
                        The fact that the light was fading from red to white.

b. Angle of elevation and azimuth of the object when first observed: First sighted while flying over Dothan, Alabama at about 3,000 feet at 2400 
Object appeared to 'c 20 miles distance

OFFICIGNAL 
\.o/a'

CIUE!



- page 3 -

There is no photograph present on the page.

---

```
ACCI 000.72                               11 December 1957
SUBJECT: Report on Unidentified Flying Object

c. Angle of elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance:
Last seen at 14,000 feet; object faded away to right at 330° very rapidly.

d. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: Moved up and down 50 to 100 feet; approximately one time each minute.

e. Manner of disappearance of object: Faded out.

f. Length of time in sight: Approximately seven minutes.

3. Manner of observation:

a. Observed from aircraft.

b. Statement as to optical aids used and description thereof: None.

c. If the sighting is made while airborne, give type aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station:
526187, 8,000 feet, heading 240° at 150 MPH, Home Station: Fort Rucker, Alabama.

4. Time of sighting:

a. Hour and date of sighting: 1958 hours to 2005 hours, 9 December 1957.

b. Light conditions: Night.

5. Location of observer: First observed while Observer was flying over Dothan, Alabama headed 240°.

6. Identifying information on all observers:

a. Civilian: N/A

b. Military: Norman W. Goodwin, Major, United States Army Aviation School, Chief, Plans Division, and Captain George E. Thayer, Executive Officer, Office of the Director of Instruction; Estimate of Reliability: A. 

7. Any other unusual activity or condition meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting: None.

8. Location of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting:
Helicopter in flight over Ozark.

9. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible causes of the sighting: Captain Marion E. Hall, Assistant Chief of Staff, G2, United States Army Aviation Center, Fort Rucker, Alabama. It is the opinion of the preparing officer that the object was a light of an aircraft flying in the vicinity of Rucker Field. This possibly have been exhaust of aircraft.


                                        /s/ Marion E. Good
                                               Captain, Infantry
                                               R, chief A.S. G-2
```

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present on the page.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
ACSI 000.72                                    11 December 1957
SUBJECT:  Report on Unidentified Flying Object

    10.  Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
        None.

    11.  Name, rank, and title of person receiving report and comments and
         actions: Garland B. Bradford, CWO, W-4, Assistant G2, United States Army
         Aviation Center, Fort Rucker, Alabama. No comments or actions.

    12.  Air Force Installation notified: Eglin Air Force Base furnished
         copy of report.


                                          MARION E. HILL
                                          Captain G3
                                          AC of S     G2
```

- page 5 -

There are no photographs present on this page. However, there are two diagrams that depict star constellations, each labeled with cardinal directions and showing symbols for stars in order of brightness.

Here is the OCR-transcribed text from the document:

```
8^80

SC1EKCE News Lbtteb jbt November 11, 1957

| ASTRONOMY [

Venus Is Christmas Star
A crescent moon and the planet Venus will be close to­ gether on December 24, making a brilliant pair that lights the Christmas sky.
By JAMES STOKXEY

This year we will bava a real Christmas star. The planet Venus, which has been in- erasing in prominence during the autumn, rested its part as our evening "star.* at theshed

Mfer the sky gets daft, around this date, Venus win be blazing in the southwest, s it funit it follows the sun below the horizon, ottw about three hours later. But even this will not be the full content of the display, On the 2&h, the moon, in it’s crescent dhh. a very fine pair of crescents, win be in the

pit to a short comes.

dog houses bright star Sirius.
 
(Dog1 in anus cut seen after 8 pm. fog?
appears and weeks the ^ ^hrassi  said about 9 pm jutt good at ts in to
Early January there will be an astronomical treat far everyone. Then Venus will be at i''t<^toappracheryus£^Mereuryrast^uUcm^^^^^pme^,adassidooemah^ia^hdhbod
as will ^v*ty’k^mtd^ersmnkmgrold modenrs ^tnuak freight Vehicles from ^^Conto^^thatbcblcmtomamsstu^ ovesvdiiolhof Mayors antiis.udamnedmMostadenatinatitoa’^iiocomoaaidjin^^000''
 Jesi l&i tbsik and emaB Astnmiwxgoly mi Mercury. No Fevnous sppeedr (hi"*0* New •n the December congress win he at this mm wflmins Wednesday

Forty, sbentexsihs om

Front, two months     ENEGOD

Dot* e than a few    as

X not only 
tumu. down wanlta. 

ri4Pmi, starry scene.”

On the announrttt wgnl for iris first time^tiemas for the aioshed new oov will thouk aag.  On March pip Junt in betvam area
Above  sum  e. the presennr^ paper, Jupitei, will name down about 9 pm. The    group

About stars radiant mat tun ufossam hern slightly high 

and

list of  
at fire roodod omlndrl 

Dee.

Brightest i leu star is the dog
wards 

with Aldebaran as the brightest star, dis­ tinctly red in hue, it is easy to identify.

To the left of Taurus is Auriga, the charioteer, with the star Capella, another of the first magnitude.

Descending from Capella, we come to Gemini, the Twins, with the stars, called Castor and Pollux, of which the latter is the brighter. And between Gemini and Canis Major stands Canis Minor, the lesser dog, with Procyon as the brightest stare.

Over towards the southwest are found the remnants of the constellations of the autumn evenings. Near the horizon, at seven or eight pm., Vega, which is earlier than the evening, Vpge, about all that is left of Lyra, the lyre. Above and to the east is Cygnus, the swan, with Deneb. While Vega and Deneb both are first magnii Joce, faint fainter include master the

Aoout 

S '’ 

puan an.    down
 Sotted wms
 deBnoxted mm
*<fcs<iooars any

dog.

Brightest of the stars is Sirius, the dog star, east of Canis Major, the great dog who shows near the horizon. However, its low altitude causes a partial elimination of its light. Later in the night it climbs higher in the southern sky and is then even more conspicuous.

On the astronomers* scale for rates of bright­ ness, Sirius is of magnitude minus 1.4, which mea upon any other star that can seen in the nighttime sky. Com­ pared to Venus, however, it is relatively dim and the light of that planet’s at mi mg ft they 

urn news os summed at early 16 times bright that of Sirius.

There   simply st$ars a snON. some of

i-^ says

 —
Mars, ai...
 first

  
Hie/  

mplam similarivass. 

•f,

Smith

Symbols for
in
TeaigS. Rigel csi  These
Brcidoisr rowjupiter.Poltoias. ttavca Ahdmor y tek Doouact Its stars from Orion’s Belt to the star Amid. Rigel. Ruw can^

 Brightest of 

dog star.  

peiceiv discriminad emotions there reader On the EllumsBct vicrat do taken to be the most

Directly above Orion Ur Bms, the boll,
nba aaao raved the age rookhng tor lights stars of tea magic- wider few starst exposure of tms mdn. the. ttod ns can

cer.twnr dogs exceoonit besides star scheme.

on/ Rush
 

 rises later, al about two boors before tbs hi the
 sky some.

rf, on Christmas eve, when the crescent moon is standing nearby, you lock at Venus through a telescope, yoo will Bud to is also is in a crescent phase.

Crescent Venus

It will not be quite as thin a crescent as that of the moon, but more bike the moon ween a few days later, or before ft days fewer more this '

reason for usm phases is found in the fact that, on the mm side of the earth, it presents to our view varying amounts of its illuminated half.

As observed is probably between Mercury, Yerm and we** nothing    Has e an
horizon; in the

nv stronger    
  stars

the dialect- there mr we   
 r e soi wees 

cefaaira

 win the

Orions the value wt iahoen mete events .

directly adds zealous nature will ie nevi nob size of w ears md to

Af\2  of making and tu n tan.*  

This think about huge fast ends  
finding made
 self dinoss barmat referees observations in order,

Sonicst



SYMBOLS FOR STARS, IN ORPER OF BRIGHTNESS
```

- page 6 -

This page contains no photographs.

OCR Text Output:

Like the moon, it has no light of its own but is illuminated by the sun, so that one half is bright and the opposite half dark. Last April 14 Venus was beyond the sun, with the entire bright hemisphere turned earthwards. Since then it has been moving, and is now coming between the earth and sun. Thus, most of its bright hemisphere is turned away and we have a crescent phase.

On Jan. 28 it will be, nearly, directly I between us and the sun, and this will I correspond to new moon. After that it will become a crescent again, visible in the morning sky before sunrise.

Unlike the moon, Venus is always far, far away and, only through a telescope or sharp photographs, do we see its phases.

The phases of Venus differ from those oft the moon in another respect. Because the Hen - ea is moving around the sun, its distance does not change very greatly: only from about 69,000,000 to 73,000,000 miles. Thus the center of the lit up phase is not, the same as the full crescent site, awl the dTmneter of the full moon is about the same as that in the narrowest crescent phase. But when Venus is full it is far out beyond the sun, about 160,000,000 miles away. Just before greatest brilliancy, it is “only” 40,000,000 miles away, and on Jan. 28 its distance will be about 25,000,000 miles. Thus, at its nearest, in the phase, it is much larger, seemingly in “the sky.”'

Half the night is inhabited with a crescent Venus and half of it with a full Venus. Although less than half of the bright side is visible to us, its proximity increases it. makes up for this, and the new largest area of the sky. Then it is the greatest in brilliancy.

Winter Arrives

On Dec. 21 the sun, which has apparently Hen traveling southward in the sky, 10.kty has; Jess. rcseli its southernmost point. M- it start. the- laMt =the beginning of winter in the Northern Hemisphere, and it occurs at 9:49 p’m EST.

At that moment, the sun will be directly over a point near the mint end of the Adams Desert’ \‘which is in Australia, on the border between Queensland and the Northern Territory. In Australia, and other countries combino the “sun will be high and it sell hf ‘for summer beginning.

Celestial Bomb Table for December

Dee. 9( 5:10 p.im. Aimms wins (forLhe 51 tom.sneksi)

I 1.,‘.11 no.m. Pull mt),and ir.ght.s.mmi.t.

Sunar O , res lbr . .

liy we. ;n **_:Ve.OO.C00 miles awly

lb e..Ly mm C . astral I I meets ,

Gamiele 10.451 your. . ‘roodologist making ‘os round-the.world-making Canada. mm NMmilm'

must, Ear ntdicom of mhtmot 336,100 ,000 mike away. . . ..,

0,11K. 7:19 P.m. ‘ yea m,n

T! +11 p.m. Moon paubles Jupisr. Kid 12. Ihr a>. Pinleett., t, Moon paseo. my' n xt tole

ta 0.) nasipitq bus vesimi (this)

8:20 a.m. New Moon so 10:46 p.m. inns MISS the mi. $4 MIII011s North USW $222 aim, Om mld,n4'rs.

‘p.m. I)epe.oe**Mea*

7:37 p.m. X08.01 norlhcnis.ler

„ . Moon Danes came us.tnes

It 	printed hi 13`clene, New. Letee, ,$Oeemboe 28, 1957

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

Here is the OCR text extracted from the document:

```
Information Only 
Sources: American Meteor Society for 1958, #137 

FIREBALL OF 1957 DECEMBER 5 
A.M.S. No. 2368

On this date at 10:09 p.m., E.S.T., a very bright fireball was seen from Philadelphia. A note in the Evening Bulletin was published asking for ob- 
SERVations and eventually 20 were re- 
ceived. Long after, some newspaper clippings were sent in showing that the object was seen from several places in North Carolina and V..., .... but with- out much data. This accounts for,
in not, at the tim... 
of the 20, 1 of w.... was in the Philadelphia neighbourhoo,. 2 from New York and one from Delaware. The reason probably was that the wording of several indicated that it was a hope-less matter to securi angle;.from mas-... servers, The clipping gave no means to contact. There is, however, almost unanimity that the path was horizontal.
'he of height of any one point could be well determined, by drawing tens with onserver's positions as centers; a path could be determined. Was fix .. approximate sub-beginning .usingze 4 observers in or near 
(being due south, also 
S15 at Marrow, N.J., and SS in N.F.. Philadelphia at ... 34°.;  the giving is a good diagram. The intersection of the last two gives the only chance for determining the sub-beginning point. S19 at Felton, Pa., stated it was seen to west going north, from a window S3s Fox Union Va., gives a diagram which in general cannot be interpreted but does give as: 203°. This crossing lines from S1 and S3 gives subendpoint approximately, using as stated our pos-ition circles. Frankly, it is a matter of judgment, after studying the diagram, naely where the projectile path was, but to satisfy as parallelism with the horizon, it could only be shifted parallel to itself, and so that the derived radiant would not be affected. The heights H1 and H2 of course would be. That it had a drawing showed by 9 observers as usual, to these it elliptical in shape. The mean of three actual estimates gives the diameter 0.3 of Moon. Color estimates as usual vary, but the majority give blue-green-white, and the tail was orange-yellow. No sounds were noted.
The object was unusually large and brilliant, but no estimates that can be turned into magnitudes were given. Some observers were indoors, some in cars, so the object must have been very bright to have attracted attention. As the azimuth of the radiant may have appreciable error, no orbit is calculated. The usual data follow.

Date 1957 December 5.62 
Sidereal time at end point 4.49 
Beginning point λ= 74°; φ = 38°00’ at 94 km) 13 
End point λ= 72°25’; φ=39°42’ at 94 km) obs.
Length of path 365 km 
Duration 5.06±1.5ss sec. 9 obs.
Velocity observed 72 km/sec 
Radiant with curvature correction 
a = 307°, b=-1°0
Parabolic zenith correction a=307°, b=-2°
Radiant corrected a = 301°, b=-3°o 

We find nothing in Hoffmeister -Von Neissl Catalogue of Fireballs corresponding to this radiant.
```

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Text output:

```
10 - 15 DECEMBER 1957 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION               OBSERVER                       EVALUATION
10      - Los Angeles, California                     Astro (METEOR)
10      - Portland, Maine                             Military Air                Satellite (SPUTNIK)
10      - Konona, Wisconsin                    State Police                Balloon
10      - Estacada, Oregon                           Insufficient Data
10      - Oceanside, Long Island, New York           Astro (METEOR)
10-12   - Duncansville, Texas                Multi (PHOTOS)        Astro (VENUS)
11      - Quincy, Ohio (CASE MISSING)                Civilian                 Aircraft
11      - Miles City, Montana                        Military                 Aircraft
11      - Lake City AFS, Tennessee            Military RADAR         Balloon
11      - Wayne, Michigan                                         Aircraft
11      - Continental Divide AFS, New Mexico Military                 Astro (METEOR)
11      - Parkersburg, West Virginia               Military Air                1. Astro (MOON)
           and Guthrie, Pa.                            & Radar                 2. Radar (INVERSION)
11      -                                          Military Air                1. Mirage
           and Guthrie, Pennsylvania                 & Radar                 2. Radar (INVERSION)
                                                                                       Astro (METEOR)
11-12 - Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota            Military                 Astro (METEOR)
12      - Great Neck, Long Island, New York   Multi (PHOTO/ N.R.)    Insufficient Data
12-15 - Misawa, Hokkaido, Japan                Military Air                1. Astro (VENUS)
                                                  Military RADAR               2. Radar (ANOMALOUS PROP)
                                                  Photo Analysis              3. Insufficient Data
                                                                              Astro (METEOR)
13      - Canton, Ohio (CASE MISSING)                 Military
13      - English, Indiana (CASE MISSING)        Civilian                 Insufficient Data
13      - Col Anahuac, Mexico                                               UNIDENTIFIED
13      - Chase Field, Beeville, Texas                   Military Air                Astro (METEOR)
13      - S. Weymouth, New Jersey                    Military Air                Astro (METEOR)
13      - Oak Harbor, Washington                                                Aircraft
13      - St. Louis, Missouri                      Astro (METEOR)
13-14 - Catalgazi/Kimil, Turkey            5-6 Fishermen                Astro (METEOR)
14      - Albany, Oregon                                                 Insufficient Data
14      - Dayton, Ohio                            Civilian                 Astro (VENUS)
15      - Englewood, Colorado (CASE MISSING) Civilian                 Insufficient Data
15      - Elmendorf AFB, Alaska                    Military                 Astro (METEOR)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                        SOURCE                                  EVALUATION
------  ------------                    ------------------------                -----------------
Dec   - Universe                         Science News Ltr                        No Evaluation
12    - Chatham, Canada              Newsclipping                             No Evaluation
13    - Collinsville, Illinois              Newsclipping                             No Evaluation
```

- page 9 -

