PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
31 Jan 58

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 01/01027 Feb

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 secs

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Disc-shaped obj, size of dome.
Metallic gray, had fast flight.
Stopped, dimmed & disappeared.

2. LOCATION
Albuquerque, N.M.

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
■ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
South

11. COMMENTS
Probably an a/c fm the local base.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

NEW EVIDENCE ON IGY PHOTOS

On the 16th of January, 1958, Mr. Almiro Barauna, civilian and guest of the Brazilian Navy on Board the Brazilian Training Ship Almirante Saldanha, sighted and photographed an object which flew in from the ocean, circled above Trindade Island and then flew out to sea. He obtained 4 photos. Barauna was not the only observer, and various Brazilian newspapers at the time stated unequivocally, that "elements" (members) of the crew of the Almirante Saldanha had also seen the Saturn-shaped object.

APRO's Brazilian Representative, Dr. Olavo T. Fontes, through connections in the military, did a thorough investigation of the incident, and even produced sightings which preceded the event of the 16th. He mentioned in the text of his report (See APRO Bulletins of January, March and May 1960) the existence of a secret Navy Report which dealt with the incident.

In October, 1964, a heavy manila envelope arrived at the mail at APRO Headquarters. It contained a complete set of (4) photographs of the Trindade object, as well as correspondence between various Brazilian Navy officers concerning the incident and the photographs. Accompanying the photographs and letters and the Navy report itself, was a letter to Mrs. Lorenzen from an ex-Brazilian Navy Officer now living outside of Brazil. Mrs. Lorenzen in the letter he asked her to use the report, photographs and other material in any way possible in order to clear up the confusion and misrepresentations concerning the IGY photographs. He said he had read her book and complimented her on it as well as her handling of the IGY case. He also asked her to do everything possible to protect his identity, and this has been accomplished. Another request was that a copy be made by APRO of the contents and that the copy be sent to NICAP, for a set of the photos were being sent to that organization.

Always wary of such things, Mrs. Lorenzen checked APRO's files, for authentication of the report's contents, and contacted then to be authentic. She also contacted Dick Hall of NICAP and asked

(See IGY Evidence, page 4)


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Photo 1, top left, shows the object approaching Trinidad Island at low speed from the direction of the sea.

Photo 2, middle page, left, shows the object at the time it was behind Calo Cretet.

Photo 3, middle page, right, shows the object shortly after it made a turn near Desejado Peak.

The last photo, Photo 4, bottom right, shows the object flying at high speed as it leaves the vicinity of the island.

This series is without doubt the most detailed, informative group of UAO pictures ever taken. We are indebted to Dr. Fontes and Joas Martins for their efforts on our behalf, as well as to the editor of the magazine O Cruzeiro, for his cooperation in bringing these pictures to the field of UAO research.

THE FAMOUS
IGY UAO PICTURES
Produced on this page are the four excellent pictures of a UAO photographed by photographer Almiro Barauna on 16 January 1958.

The inset portions are enlargements of the object which is a small image on the original picture. The photographs were taken off the Island of Trindade, near Brazil.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

IGY Evidence...
(Continued from page 4)

As you know, there have been many reports of such sightings and the United States has set up a special committee to investigate same, without reaching any definitive conclusion. However, it seems to me that if this occurred as stated in today's paper, there must have been enough good reliable and intelligent witnesses to make a good proof in this case.

Assuring you of my highest consideration and esteem, I am
Very respectfully,
M. Sunderland
Captain, U. S. Navy,
U. S. Naval Attaché.

THE NAVY MINISTRY
THE NAVY HIGH COMMAND
INTELLIGENCE DEPARTMENT
To: The Navy High Intelligence Command
25 February 1958
Sea-and-War Captain
M. Sunderland
DD U. S. Naval Attaché

Attempting to the solicitation in the letter from Your Excellency, I am sending the four (4) photographs, annexed. The only element in the hands of this High Command on the subject is using the opportunity to assure you of my highest consideration and esteem.

Luiz Felippe Pinto Da Luz
Rear-Admiral,
Subchief of Intelligent Dep.

CAC/JGB
M-22
No. 0068 (M-20)
March 3, 1958
CONFIDENTIAL
From: The Chief of the Navy High
Command
To: The Navy Minister
Subject: Information about the sighting
of unidentified aerial objects over the
Trindade Island
Annexed: A report about the
occurrences

I am sending to Your Excellency the
report annexed, with the conclusions
reached by this High Command about the
occurrences observed in the Trindade
Island.

Antonio Maria de Carvalho
Fleet-Admiral, Chief of the
Navy High Command.

THE NAVY MINISTRY
THE NAVY HIGH COMMAND
INTELLIGENCE DEPARTMENT
SUBJECT: Report about the observation of unidentified aerial objects, occurring in the
Trindade Island, in the period between
13-5-57 and 1-6-58.

OCCURRENCES
1. The Corvette Captain Carlos Alberto Ferreira Bacellar, Commander of the Trindade Island Oceanographic Post, was called to this High Command, on January 27, 1958, where his Report was presented. He informed the following:

I. On December 31, 1957, an unidentified aerial object (UAO) was observed over the Island, sighted by the Medical Officer First-Lieutenant MD Ignacio Carvalho Moreira Murta, by one sailor and five workers. The sighting occurred in the morning about 10' before 0800 hours. Due to the conviction of the observers and the coherence and correlation of the reports, he had decided to send the radiogram that gave origin to the present investigation.

II.—He was informed at the same occasion that identical object had been sighted previously, on December 5, 1957, by one worker, also in the morning and at the same hour;

III.—On the following day, January 1, 1958, at the same hour and position, and moving to the North (the same direction of the previous sightings), some thing appeared over the sea flying at incredible speed. Despite the opposition of other observers and despite the brightness presented by the object in a certain part of its trajectory, he concluded and still believes that it was a sea-gull—was projected against the sky, making difficult any stereoscopic estimation.

IV.—Next day, January 2, 1958, at night, about 2000 hours. This alarm was dismissed because he was on watch himself and saw nothing;

V.—Finally, on January 16, 1958, at 1215 hours, another UAO alarm was registered aboard the NE "Almirante Saldanha," which was anchored close to the island. The ship was preparing to depart and the crew was in the operation of taking aboard the boat used in the trips to the island. The UAO alarm was given by members of the crew in the stern and bow of the ship.

VI.—On that same occasion, a professional photographer, civilian, who was on the deck, at the ship's stern photographing the operation, was alerted and had the opportunity to take the four photographs.

VII.—After the sighting, the photographer, together with CC Bacellar, he went to the ship's photographic processing, later, together with CC Bacellar and other officers; later, together with the ship's shirt and shorts; the processing lasted about 10 minutes and then the negatives were examined by CC

Bacellar; CC Bacellar states that he saw the UAO referred to in the negatives mentioned since the first examination and with details which only the enlargements made afterwards showed more clearly:

VIII.—Afterwards, the negatives referred to were shown to members of the ship's crew who had witnessed the phenomenon. They recognized the object appearing in the photos as identical with the one they had sighted in the air.

IX.—The person who called the attention of the photographer to the object was an AF Captain (ret.) who was on the ship as a member of a group specialized in submarine hunting; the photographer was also a member of the same group.

X.—The photographs were taken in no more than 30 seconds;

XI.—A strong emotional upset was observed in all persons who sighted the object, including the photographer, civilians and members of the ship's crew.

2. CC Bacellar also reported a phenomenon he had personally observed, over the Island, for two times in different occasions, with the help of a high-precision theodolite and at daylight. His second observation was the following:

[The rest of the text continues but is cut off in the image]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

IGY Evidence...
(Continued from page 1)

that he let her know if he received the
photos as promised. They were eventual-
ly received in December, and mailed
from another country other than the one
from which her correspondence with the
Navy officer had been mailed.

Having established the authenticity of
the information contained in the Navy
report and having satisfied herself that
the officer himself was authentic, Mrs.
Lorenzen and other APRO advisors de-
cided that this further information should
be released, not only to APRO and
NICAP members, but to as many individ-
uals as possible. Subsequently, she wrote
the entire story in article form and sub-
mitted it to FATE magazine, wherein it
will be presented for the scrutiny of
FATE'S 100,000 readers in the March
1966 issue. Because of space limitations
in that magazine, the entire text was not
used but we present here the text of the
correspondence and the report in chrono-
logical order as they were written. Each
document is self-explanatory and a short
discussion will follow.

THE NAVY MINISTRY
THE NAVY HIGH COMMAND
Rio de Janeiro, D.F.
6 February 1958

INTERNAL COMMUNICATION—
CONFIDENTIAL
No. 0063
From: The Subchief of Intelligence
To: The Vice-chief of the Navy High
Command
Subject: Phenomena Observed over the
Trinidad Island
Reference: Report No. 0005, of 1/6/1958,
from the Chief of the Navy High Com-
mand to the Commander of the Trin-
dade Island Oceanographic Post.

1. I am reporting to Your Excellency
the information and conclusions obtained
by the Corvette-Captain Jose Geraldo
Brandao, Intelligence agent, with respect
to the phenomena observed several times in
the area of the Trinidad Island.

2. It is my opinion that the facts make
necessary a very careful investigation, so
that I would like to suggest to Your Ex-
cellency the following procedures:

a) To order an exploration all over
the island (it would be better if made by helicopters) to verify the
existence of signs, of landing sites
of any UAO;

b) To order the installation of vigi-
lance posts on the deserted part of
the island, to permit the observa-
tion in all directions of any abnor-
mal phenomenon;

To recommend the garrison to re-
main alerted in order to observe

and register anything being sighted
in connection with the subject,
making every effort to obtain pho-
tographs (with cameras of any
kind) and in any situation, even at
night);

d) To determine that, when UAOs are
sighted, the following instruments
must be under careful observation:
radar, magnetic needles, electric
lights, internal combustion engines,
the effects observed must be report-
ed together with the information
already included in the question-
naire released by this High Com-
mand; and this High Command
must be informed immediately
about all the occurrences;

e) To give communication to the
Navy's Hydrography and Naviga-
tion Dept. of the results obtained
and measures taken by this High
Command.

OBF/JGB
[M22]
No. 0089 (M-20)     February 13, 1958

CONFIDENTIAL
From: The Chief of the Navy High
Command
To: The General-Director for Hydro-
graphy and Navigation
Subject: Phenomena Observed over the
Trinidad Island (Recommendations
about)
References: a) Radio 0001/312335
from the Chief of the Navy High
Command to the Commander of
the Trinidad Island Oceanograph-
ic Post

Annexed: Four (4) photographs and
four enlargements

1. Through the document listed in ref-
erence "b" this High Command asked
for information on the phenomena ob-
served and reported through the Radio
listed in reference "a".

2. The information referred to was
given personally at this High Command
by the Corvette-Captain Carlos Alberto
Ferreira Bacellar, who was the Com-
mander of the Trinidad Island Oceano-
graphic Post at the time when the phe-
nomena was observed.

3. An investigation was started at this
High Command on the subject, with the
following conclusions:

a) That there are a number of wit-
nesses who state they have sighted un-
identified aerial objects (UAOs) over
the Trinidad Island;

b) That most reports presented are in-
sufficient, mostly due to the lack of tech-

nical skill of many observers and to the
brief duration of the phenomena observ-
ed, so that no conclusion can be reached
concerning positive data about the
UAOs;

c) That the most important and valu-
able evidence presented, the photograph-
ic, somehow loses its convincing quality
due to the impossibility to prove a pre-
vious photomontage;

d) That the emotional reaction of the
persons who have reported the sighting
of UAOs is very strong and easily
noticed;

e) That, finally, the existence of per-
sonal reports and of photographic evi-
dence of very great value considering
the circumstances involved, permit the
admission that there are indications of
the existence of unidentified aerial ob-
jects.

4. Taking these conclusions admitted
by this High Command into considera-
tion, I would like to recommend to Your
Excellency:

I—To determine to the Commander
of the Trinidad Island Oceanograph-
ic Post to keep the garrison alerted in or-
der to observe and register anything be-
ing sighted in connection with the sub-
ject, making every effort to obtain pho-
tographs (with cameras of any kind and
in any situation, even at night) and pos-
sible data;

II—To determine that observations
will be made, when UAOs are sighted,
on the radar, magnetic needles, electric
lights, internal combustion engines, be-
sides those included already in the ques-
tionnaire released by this High Com-
mand and annexed to the document list-
ed in reference "b";

III—To determine that occurrences of
any kind related to UAOs will be im-
mediately reported to this High Com-
mand.

Antonio Maria de Carvalho
Fleet-Admiral, Chief of the
Navy High Command

EMBASSY OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Office of the Naval Attaché
Rio de Janeiro
21 February 1958

In reply refer to
Exmo. Snr. Contra-Almirante
Luiz Felippe Pinto da Luz
DD Sub-Chefe para Informacoes
Estado-Maior da Armada
My Dear Admiral:

I would greatly appreciate say infor-
mation you could give me, including
photographs, of the "disco voador" said
to have been sighted off Trinidad Island
15 January from the training ship, Almi-
rante Saldanha.

(See IGY Evidence, page 5)


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

IGY Evidence ...
(Continued from page 5)

nician from the Navy's Hydrography and
Navigation Department.

2. Finally, the CC Bacellar brought to
this High Command the man who had
taken the photographs, the professional
photographer Almiro Baratna (Address:
Praia de Itarai, 251, Apt. 1004, Niteroi),
who made the following report:

I—He was on the deck of the "NE Almirante Saldanha" when he was called
to see a strange object which was approaching the Island; he was able to see
it after a few moments of observation;

II—Immediately after sighting it, he
directed his camera toward the object,
taking six successive photographs;

III—Afterwards, as he had shot the
last photo on the film, he took out the
film from the camera and remained for
almost one hour with it in his hands—
waiting the passing of a strong emotional
disturbance he was feeling; then he went
to the dark room to develop the exposed
film. Practically exhausted by the CC Bacellar
IV—He remained in the darkroom for
about 10 minutes, accompanied by the
AE Captain, who was helping him; then
he showed the film still wet to the CC
Bacellar, with the impression that the
object photographed had not appeared
on the developed film; however, his impression was changed by CC Bacellar
himself who showed him that, in the picture corrected with the slicking, was
visible, in different positions, an image
looking like the object.

V—He kept the negatives and brought
them to Rio where, in his photolab, he
made several enlargements; the UAO appeared well only in two pictures because
the other negatives were very dark.

VI—In order to increase the contrast,
he made an operation known as "clearing", which consists in clearing homogeneously the whole negative; however, as in
two pictures the UAO appeared with
great clarity and he was in fear of losing
them in the process failed, cut the film
and submitted to the process only the
four other negatives; as a result the UAO
appeared with great clarity in two of
them, in different positions;

VII—He said that, seeing the UAO at
naked eye, his impression was that of a
solid body, with ill-defined contours,
showing great mobility at high speed, and
with a dark colour difficult to define because the object seemed to be enveloped
by a substance he compared to soap foam;
it seemed to have a small control of the
material and was moving without

ter the sighting that he found it difficult
to perform the routine task of developing the film.

IX—He offered the negatives to this
High Command and for all the examinations and analyses necessary to prove
their authenticity and suggested a microscopic examination as the only way good
enough to detect any trick.

2. Summarizing the declarations obtained, according to the reports transcribed above, we have the following important facts:

a) Observed over the Trindade Island
UAOs four times, in different days, three
in the morning and one at night;

b) Observed, by CC Bacellar and others, in the morning, one time, something
he believed to be a sea-gull, despite the
fact that sergeants and sailors also witnessing the sighting still think it was a
UAO;

c) Observed for two times, over the
Trindade Island, by its own Military-Commander. a Superior Officer of the Navy
Corps, a Hydrographer experienced in
meteorology and radio-sonde operations
— and by other witnesses—a phenomenon not explainable on the basis of atmospheric or astronomical conditions;

d) Obtained, from the deck of the NE
"Almirante Saldanha", when anchored
close to the Trindade Island four photographs of a UAO, taken by a professional
photographer in the presence of other
witnesses who saw the object photographed.

ANALYSIS

3. The evaluation of the facts listed
in the previous item shows:

a) That in five UAO sightings four
were made at daylight and one at night;

b) That in five UAO observations the
CC Bacellar was a witness in one case
only, which was explained away as a
sea-gull;

c) That the witnesses who sighted the
UAOs were persons with different qualifications—workers, medical officers, dentists, sailors and sergeants, officers, civilians and professional photographers;

d) That no officer from the Navy
Corps sighted the phenomena reported,
with the exception of the two incidents
reported by CC Bacellar;

e) That in all incidents it was noticed
a very strong emotional reaction in all
people who sighted UAOs, including the
professional photographer. There was
even a case involving a worker, a man
considered to be normal, who ran away
frightened;

f) That the reports, despite the great
difficulty in obtaining good information
from people with little culture, agreed
on the following data:

SHAPE—The classical disc and a tear-
shaped object. One object, seen from
below) according to the observers, when
it crossed over the Island on 12/31/57,
showed a spherical outline. Sighted from
a distant point, it was discharged with
a double dome (Saturn-shaped).

COLOR—undefined for some, like
stainless steel for others; many described
it as enveloped by a kind of mist.

SOUND—All observers said the objects
were noiseless.

CONTRAIL—Some observers noticed a
discharge, shaped as a white trail; others
denied anything of the kind;

SIZE—All observers agreed that the
objects were moving at very high speed,
but no one was able to make estimations;

MOBILITY—All the reports called attention to the extreme mobility of the
UAOs. The movements were not continuous like those of an airplane, but more
rapid and abrupt, with sudden changes
of course and speed;

ALTITUDE AND DISTANCE—Only
the observers of the sighting on 12/31/57
when the UAO was seen passing over the
Island, estimated its altitude, comparing
it with the height of the peak "Desejado",
i. e., about three times that height, or
about 1,500 meters.

MANEUVERS—All the reports agreed
on the fact that the objects performed
very unusual maneuvers;

APPEARANCE—That of a solid body
in all cases;

TIME OF OBSERVATIONS—Very
short, estimated always in seconds;

g.) That the observers who sighted the
UAOs know perfectly how to identify airplanes; all planes over the Island have
been properly identified in all cases, with
communications being reported to the
Hydrography and Navigation Department.

h.) That—considering the circumstances in which the photos were taken, followed by immediate developing of the
film, the conditions in which it was done
and the emotional state of the photographer—everything indicates that no
photo-montage was done at the locale;

i.) Concerning the photographic proof,
evidently the more valuable and important, remain as:

NEGATIVE POINTS

I—No print of the film were made at
the moment it was developed;

II—The ship's Commander didn't take
possession of the negatives, after developed, in order to get the prints made
later in the presence of witnesses;

III—The making of prints and enlargements was done by the photographer in
his own photolab.

(See IGY Evidence, page 7)


- page 6 -

IGY Evidence ...
(Continued from page 6)

POSITIVE POINTS:
I.—The report of the CC Bacellar, who saw in the film immediately after it was developed, still wet, the images as identified in the prints as those object photographed, and also that the pictures preceding the sequence connected with the object's passage corresponded with some taken aboard a few minutes before the incident;

II.—The statements of the persons who sighted the object: they saw the copies of the photographs and declared they had seen exactly what appears on the photographs.

Concerning the negatives, they were submitted to examination by the Hydrography and Navigation Department's technicians and by technicians from the Cruzeiro do Sul aerophotogrammetric Service, with the following results:

I.—The technician from the Navy's HND, after examination of the negatives, affirms that they are natural;

II.—The technicians from the Cruzeiro do Sul Aerophotogrammetric Service, after microscopic examinations to verify the gravitation, analysis of signals, verification of luminosity and details of outlines, affirmed:

There was not any sign of photomontage in the negatives mentioned to, all the evidence indicating they are in fact negatives of an object really photographed;

The hypothesis of a photomontage contrived after the sighting is definitely excluded.

It is impossible to prove either the existence or the nonexistence of a previous photomontage, which requires however a high-precision technic and favourable circumstances to its execution.

CONCLUSIONS
4. Considering the presentation of the facts and the summary analysis made, it can be concluded:

a.) That there are a number of witnesses who stated they have sighted UAOs over the Trindade Island. Such witnesses have different qualifications and the observations were made in different days;

b.) That most reports presented are insufficient, mostly due to the lack of technical skill of many observers and to the brief duration of the phenomena observed, so that no conclusion can be reached concerning positive data about the UAOs;

c.) That the most important and valuable evidence presented, the photographic, somehow loses its convincing quality due to the impossibility to prove a previous photomontage;

d.) That the emotional reaction of the persons who have reported the sighting of UAOs is very strong and easily noticed;

e.) That, finally the existence of personal reports and of photographic evidence, of certain value considering the circumstances involved, permit the admission that there are indications of the existence of unidentified aerial objects.

5. The last conclusion listed above permits me to suggest to Your Excellency that this High Command must take in consideration all the information to be obtained about the present subject in order to be able to reach conclusions beyond any doubt.

Jose Geraldo Brandao,
Corvette-Captain, Intelligence Service


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Discussion
10 minutes, hardly enough time to doctor GY Evidence ... (Continued from page 7)

The first item on the agenda in this a roll of film. Barauna had been afraid (a combination of two photos.
discussion must of necessity be the that he had not got the photos because but Mr. Barauna and his friends Jose exposure, etc. He exhibited considerable and how would we know what was to be
Trabalho Vigas, instructor at the Aero anxiety and nervousness prior to the the Captain's development of the negatives, and that hypothetical film? Even if he did make
Club of Niteroi and Air Force Captain development of the negatives, and that would be a coincidence just how the object would
(retired) and Amilar Vieira Filho, cap- certainly understood.
tain of the submarine hunting team of Note that some of the exposures were not clear and that Barauna attempted to remedy that condition (see §V, VI)

The reader will note the numerous order of the paragraphs in the Navy report after last consideration, and it is felt that this was due merely to a mistake in copy. The man who forwarded them to APRO. It is a long report and it is unfortunate that a mistake like this could be made.

The paragraph labeled No. 2, immediately preceding the Analysis, is most important for it summarizes what Corvette-Captain Jose Geraldo Brandao, Intelligence Service, felt were important facts which he prepared to be sent to the NAVY MINISTER under the name of Fleet-Admiral Antonio Maria de Carvalho, Chief of the Navy High Command. Admiral Carvalho would have had to see the report and to approve of it before it was sent on to the Navy Minister.

The Navy Minister at that time was Aloysio Alves Camera. On 24 February, 1958, he told United Press: "that he did not believe in flying saucers before, but after Barauna's photographic evidence he was convinced." Camera had been stopped by newsmen on the steps of the Rio Negro palace at Petropolis after his week meeting with the President of Brazil. He also said that "the Navy has a big secret which cannot be released, because it cannot be explained."

To refer back again to the authentic possibility of a photomontage. (See }11 under POSITIVE POINTS.) Inasmuch as witnesses had already observed the object and subsequent to the negatives showing the object, it is not likely that Barauna would have gone to the trouble to attempt another and better photo by trickery. The Navy's IND technician affirmed that the negatives were natural.

There is but one avenue left, and that is the possibility that Barauna performed a photomontage prior to the Trindade incident. But then we must assume that he was able to "mockup" a model UFO, position it on film, and then photograph the Trindade Island skyline over it. But that is not a montage—it is simply a double-exposure, and how did he know what would be seen and tested later by the people on deck of the Almirante Saldanha? A photomontage

To even suggest that Barauna performed a photomontage would be to label the possibility of coincidences as too high. It is impossible.

In conclusion, we must call attention to a few pertinent facts. It has been suggested that Dr. Menzel is in the employ of the United States Air Force. If he is in the employ of anyone, it would have to be another agency. But the Doctor's behavior indicates that his attitude is a matter of personal preference. Scientists have ethics—if they are true scientists. There are scientists whose job it is to explain away the "ticklish" cases, but in no case have they exhibited a tendency to directly attack the veracity of an adult individual capable of legal action in defense of their good names.

Dr. Menzel has an impressive string of degrees behind his name, and they, of course, help to impress the general public with the truth and accuracy of his conclusions. They do not, however, to the discerning scientist or layman, excuse him from apparent deliberate disregard of facts or the altering of official foreign military public releases to suit his own theories. The latter refers to his version of the Brazilian Navy statement concerning the IGY photos which was included in his book and which included some words not in the text and excluded others. (See Page 2, APRO Bulletin, Sept. 1963)

There possibly will be criticism of the foregoing listed documents, whether verbal and somewhat furtive, or printed, but the criticism if it comes, will probably be a result of resentment for APRO for having hacked the IGY photo case with real documents, or a belated attempt to bolster unscientific arguments against the authenticity of the Trindade case.

(See IGY Evidence, page 8)


- page 8 -

TAB

A   Menzel Report

B   The APRO Bulletin, March, 1960

C   The APRO Bulletin, May, 1960

D   Miscellaneous UFO Publications


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

early that month [see Chapter X], and sentries at Itaipu Fort,
according to his statement, he was not on deck when the incident
occurred.

Vieira, the first man to sight the object, had called it a "big sea
sausage." Photographer most particularly as an expert at trick pho-
tography. No officer or crewman of the Brazilian Navy reported
seeing the UFO; in addition to the photographer, only two persons
are on record as actual eyewitnesses; both of them were personal
friends of the photographer; neither of them had any connection
with the Brazilian Navy. The photographer had ample time and
many opportunities to fake the pictures. A Rolleiflax camera can eas-
ily be used for double exposures. A series of pictures of a model sau-
cer against a dark background could be retrolled and exposed a
second time to provide the background, and old and well-known pho-
tographic trick. The pictures themselves show internal inconsisten-
cies. The Brazilian Naval Ministry never accepted the pictures as
authentic records of a flying saucer.

The final paragraph from a United States Intelligence report
provides perhaps the most appropriate comment on the affair:
"It is the reporting officer's private opinion that a flying saucer
sighting would be unlikely at the very barren island of Trinidad,
since everyone know that Martians are extremely comfort-loving
creatures."


- page 10 -

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 81-THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
The prints used in O Cruzeiro have obviously been cropped since, unlike the film frames, they are not square. Frame 1 shows the UFO above the sea, some distance from the island; Frame 2 shows the UFO above rocky crags, at the right of a peak. Frame 3 shows it at the right of the peak but at lower altitude. Frames 4 and 5, not reproduced, did not show the object, and in Frame 6 the UFO is a mere speck low on the horizon.

Frame 3, the only one showing the "Saturn-like" shape, deserves special attention. In the published print the mountains in the foreground are quite clear, while the UFO is little more than a dark line with an indistinct beginning and end, with a faint suggestion of rounding at top and bottom; without the dark line the curves would scarcely be visible, so completely does the object merge into the background of overcast sky. The picture widely distributed by news agencies is a further enlargement of the section containing the UFO. In the enlarged section, the foreground rocks are a mere black blur, but the UFO has gained greatly in clarity. The central band is darker, particularly at the left, and the outlines of the object are no longer vague.

The Navy's study of the negatives revealed several dubious features. The details of the land in the foreground were very sharp but the UFO disk was hazy, showed little contrast, and was essentially without shadows. The object in Frame 2 seemed to have been inverted, as compared with Frames 1 and 3. From the reported high velocity of the saucer and the fast shutter speed, some lateral haziness might have been expected, but no such blurring appeared.

Exactly when and how the fraudulent images were produced—if they were fraudulent—cannot be known. Experienced photographers can easily think of a dozen possible devices. The probability that they were faked is overwhelming, and, but for the embarrassing fact that the Brazilian President had seemed to sponsor them publicly, the Naval Ministry would undoubtedly have exposed the entire hoax.

In summary, the facts are these: The man who made the Trindade pictures had no connection with the Brazilian Navy; he was a pro-


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

1 Witness

01/0022 FEB

FEB 3 R 27'50

A
RF0022
SC7067 WDC374 WDC345 WDC352*DNA*556DKJ001
MN RJEDDN RJEDS RJEPHC
DE RJMFDN 1
N 2320:1Z
FM COMDR 637TH ACBRGP WEST MESA AFB NM
TO PJEDD/COMDR EWT
RJMFDN/COMDR 34TH ADD
RJELS*COMDR ATIC

57

B 458
3-4X22
80

KU


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

early that month, see Chapter IX, and sentries at Itaipu Fort,
according to his statement, he was not on deck when the incident
occurred.

Vieira, the first man to sight the object, had called it "a big sea
gull." When interviewed five weeks later, in the midst of the saucer
excitement, he was no longer certain just what he had seen:
"First, I want to make it very clear that I don't know if what I
saw was really the so-called 'flying saucer.' What I saw, in fact,
was an object of gray color and oval in shape when first sighted,
which passed over the island and then—emitting a fluorescent light
it didn't possess before—went away towards the horizon and was
gone, vanishing just on the horizon line. Everything happened in
just a few seconds, in no more than twenty seconds, and for this
reason I cannot give you more details about the curious craft. It
looked like an object with polished surface and uniform color. I
am sure it was not a balloon, an airplane, or a sea gull." This de-
scription does not mention the dark band around the object or the
"Saturn-like" appearance; indeed, it sounds remarkably like a de-
scription of a sea gull!

When asked whether the object he saw was the same as that on
Barauna's film, he replied, "As I said before, the thing was too rapid.
It was almost impossible for the human vision to fix any detail of
the object. Mr. Barauna, however, was operating with a camera of
modern type which was able to register these details. Generally
speaking, the shape of the object sighted was the same seen on the
negatives. . . ." [24]

The Trindade Photographs

Accounts of the Trindade affair often remark that the photographs
must be genuine because no opportunity for fraud occurred. On the
contrary, there were ample and repeated opportunities. Since
Barauna was not under observation when he loaded his camera, he
could easily have inserted a "prepared" film, with no one the wiser.
With the type of camera used, the operation would have been sim-
ple. He was again free from observation when he developed the
negatives. Captain Bacellar escorted him to the door of the dark-
room but remained outside, on guard at the door. The only person
to accompany Barauna inside to help by holding a flashlight was
his friend Viegas—the same man who had cried "Flying saucer!"

When Barauna emerged with the dripping film, Bacellar exam-
ined it but what he expected to find is a question, since he had not
observed the UFO. The witnesses allegedly agreed, however, that
the negatives showed the object they had seen in the sky—an amaz-
ing feat when we remember that the Rollelflex film frame is small,
only about 2.25 inches square.

In the print of Frame 3 shown in O Cruzeiro, the UFO measures

FINAL GALLEY PROOF


- page 13 -

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley So—THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS

The Icarat Submarine Hunting Club

The accounts originally printed in the Brazilian papers and in O Cruzeiro contain a number of significant details that have been glossed over or ignored by UFO enthusiasts, both in Brazil [15] and in the United States [22], who accept the Trindade saucer at face value. A study of the available news stories, facts gathered by Intelligence officers, and of the photographs themselves leads inescapably to the conclusion that the Trindade Island sighting was a hoax. Almiro Barauna was a free-lance photographer. A professional of unusual skill, he had long been interested in flying saucers and, some time before the Trindade incident, he had published a purposely humorous magazine article entitled "A Flying Saucer Hunted Me at Home" and illustrated by admittedly faked photographs. He had also published trick photographs of "treasure chests" lying on the ocean bottom. In addition, Barauna specialized in underwater photography and was a member of the Icarat Submarine Hunting Club, a group interested in skin diving and the study of life on the ocean floor.

When the Almirante Saldanha left Rio for its historic January visit to Trindade Island, the ship had on board, as guests of the Navy, five members of the Icarat Club. Among the five, in addition to Barauna, were Amilar Vieira Filho, captain of the group, and Jose Teobaldo Viegas, a retired captain in the Brazilian Air Force [23].

On January 16 when the ship was getting ready to leave Trindade, these three friends were on deck. Barauna with his loaded Rolleiflex camera, the other two standing some distance away. Suddenly Vieira remarked on "a big sea gull" in the sky. Looking up, Teobaldo immediately shouted, "Flying saucer!" and Barauna snapped his pictures.

No other eyewitnesses have been found, even though the deck was crowded with sailors. The ship's dentist has been listed as a witness (in one document he appears as two persons, under two different versions of his name) but no newspaper yet examined mentions his story. Captain Bacallar, returning from his post as commander of the Trindade station, has also been listed as a witness, but


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

early that month [see Chapter 18], and centers at Itapu Fort.
The news award a flying saucer story [illegible] that was in-
cluded was received here with utmost reserve. There will be an in-
vestigation to verify the authenticity of the sightings and photos.
No officer or sailor from the N.E. Almirante Saldanha witnessed the
event." [20]

Immediately an international furor broke out. Were these pictures
indeed proof of extraterrestrial spaceships, or were they a hoax,
with the Brazilian President and the Brazilian Navy as victims?
Who were the witnesses, and exactly what did they report? In the
United States, high officials asked for copies of the pictures. An
editor of Look magazine asked Dr. Menzel to fly to Brazil to evalu-
ate the evidence, but later canceled the plan when the Rio office
advised that the photographs were generally considered fraudulent.
Public excitement in Brazil became so great that on February 23
the Naval Ministry released an official statement, distinguished by
its air of caution, which concluded:

"Clearly this Ministry will not be able to make any pronounce-
ment concerning the reality of the object seen because the photo-
graphs do not constitute sufficient proof for this purpose." [20]

The day after the pictures were published, the Almirante Sal-
danha which had been lying outside the harbor at Rio, received
orders to sail. Not until February 24, when the ship docked at
Santos, did newsmen have a chance to interview the officers and
crewmen who allegedly had observed the Trindade saucer and
could support Barauna's story. None of them, it turned out, had
actually seen the object.

The assistant Naval Attache of the United States, who was then
in Santos in connection with the visit of the U. S. Coast Guard
cutter Westwind, visited the Brazilian ship to collect information
about the Trindade saucer, but with little success. The commanding
officer stated that he had not seen the alleged UFO; he had seen
the pictures but refused to express an opinion on their authenticity;
he stated that his secretary might have seen the UFO but the secre-
tary, when questioned, preferred not to discuss the matter. The
executive officer said that he had not been on deck at the time of
the sighting, but that other persons might have seen the object.

During the next week arguments for and against the authenticity
of the photographs filled the Brazilian papers, and O Globo pub-
lished deliberately faked views of a "flying saucer"—a china plate
tossed into the air. A federal deputy in an official note to the Naval
Ministry deplored their amazing failure to procure sworn statements
from the officers and crewmen who were reported to have witnessed
the UFO.

In spite of the widespread and increasing skepticism, the weekly
magazine O Cruzeiro used the Trindade pictures for its lead story
in the issue of March 8. "Once bitten, twice shy," apparently; did not
apply to its editors, who seemed instead to adopt the principle, "In

FINAL GALLEY PROOF


- page 15 -

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 79-THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
ficers and crewmen who examined it allegedly agreed that it showed
the same Saturn-like UFO that had flown over the island. After the
return to Rio he made prints and enlargements and turned them
over, together with the negative, to the Brazilian Navy.
The question of authenticity arose immediately. Called down to
Intelligence headquarters for an interview, Barauna underwent a
four-hour interrogation concerning the pictures [19]. During the
questioning he was asked, "If you were going to make a flying saucer
appear on a negative, how would you proceed?" He replied, as he
later told a reporter, "Comandante, I am an able photographer,
specialized in trick photography, but I could not produce one that
would withstand close and accurate examination." [20]
In spite of this modest disclaimer, some of the photographic evidence clearly suggested fraud, and a strong difference of opinion
developed among government officials. Some accepted the pictures
as a genuine record of a flying saucer; others pronounced them
fakes. For several weeks the incident was kept secret, but when
eventually someone took the prints to the President of Brazil, further
concealment became impossible. Yielding to the persuasion of certain military advisers and newsmen, and against the advice of the
Naval Ministry, he released the pictures to the press.

The Brazilian Naval Ministry

The photographs were published on February 21, five weeks after
they were taken. Since the President had apparently accepted them
at face value, the Naval Ministry was obviously in a difficult position; through an unofficial spokesman it issued a statement notable
for its lack of enthusiasm:
"On the morning of January 16, 1958, over the island of Trindade, the crew of the school ship Almirante Saldanha sighted an
unidentified aerial object for a few seconds. A civilian who was
aboard the ship took some pictures of the object. The Navy has no
connection with the case, and its only connection with the occurrence was the fact that the photographer was aboard the school
ship, and came back with the ship to Rio." [20]
On the same day another Navy spokesman released a similar unofficial statement to O Globo:
"The...


- page 16 -

early that month [see Chapter IX], and sentries at Itapu Fort,
near Santos, on November 2 had reported a UFO that knocked out
the lights and electric plant.] With a weather balloon going up
daily, parachutes floating down at odd times, and sea gulls cruising
over the island, the advent of other "saucers" was inevitable. During
November and December several UFOs were reported by work-
men, none of whom were trained observers. Although neither Cap-
tain Bacellar, the commanding officer at the station, nor his officers
saw any unidentified objects, he radioed Rio to report the incidents
and investigated each story. Some he found to be false, some were
based on mistaken identification of gulls and balloons, and in oth-
ers the evidence was inconclusive.

Early in January 1958, when the Almirante Saldanha arrived on
schedule at Trindade, it had on board several civilian guests who
were to collaborate in various aspects of the research. Among them
was Almiro Barauna, a professional photographer. After several days
at the island, the ship prepared to leave for the return trip to Rio
on January 16. Shortly after noon Barauna was on deck with his
camera, waiting to film the departure. The sky was thinly overcast,
the sea was rough, and waves dashing against the ship and the
rocky shore created a noisy background.

According to the news accounts printed several weeks later, Cap-
tain Viegas, of the Brazilian Air Force, suddenly shouted "Olha o
disco!" [Flying saucer!] Hearing the shout, Barauna peered at the
sky and saw a luminous oval object moving swiftly toward the is-
land. Officers and crewmen on deck also observed the UFO, he
said, and interfered with his aim as they ran about excited. Never-
theless he managed to take six shots of the UFO as it approached
the island, disappeared behind a mountain peak, reversed direction
and reappeared at a lower altitude, retraced its course, and van-
ished with incredible speed against the horizon. The unknown had
arrived and departed in a period of about twenty seconds.

According to the news stories, the photographer had retired to the
ship's darkroom under the supervision of an officer to develop the
negative, and found that four of the six exposures showed the mys-
terious object. He was not able to make prints, he said, because
the darkroom supplies unfortunately did not include any photo-
graphic paper. However, he did exhibit the negative and the of-


- page 17 -

The Trindade Island Saucer

The most famous of all purported photographs of a UFO, the Trindade Island saucer, also came from Brazil. First published in Brazilian newspapers on February 21, 1958, the pictures showed a dark, rounded, crescent-shaped object in overcast sky. Above one peak appeared a startling image (much like the O Cruzeiro saucer of 1952) resembling the planet Saturn—a flattened sphere banded round the middle by a dark line that extended like a platform beyond the curved sides. According to the accompanying news stories, the UFO had flown over the island of Trindade and had been observed by the officers and crew of a ship of the Brazilian Navy. The pictures, taken by a photographer on board, had been examined and supposedly pronounced genuine by navy experts before being released to the press. Since a responsible military organization and a major world government thus seemed to accept the photographs as proof that flying saucers actually existed, the incident raised a storm of official inquiry both in Brazil and abroad. Then, within a few weeks, the storm abruptly subsided. Although no explanation was given, the object in the pictures was obviously considered no threat to our planet's security.

Although saucer enthusiasts regard these pictures as genuine evidence for the reality of UFOs, careful study of the facts strongly suggests that this case, which rocked the Brazilian Government and created a short-lived but world-wide saucer scare, was merely an unusually skillful hoax.

At first glance, the circumstances of the sighting seemed to be entirely clear and straightforward [13]. Trindade is a barren, mountainous island of about six square miles, some 600 miles from the coast of Brazil. Abandoned after the end of the Second World War, the island remained deserted except by sea gulls until October 1957, when the Brazilian Navy established an oceanographic post and a meteorological station there to carry out its research for the International Geophysical Year (IGY). To facilitate the oceanographic studies, the Navy also converted a training ship, the Almirante Saldanha, into a floating laboratory equipped with scientific apparatus and photographic darkroom. With a crew of about 900, the ship routinely traveled between Rio de Janeiro and Trindade Island on its duties for the IGY.

A major function of the meteorological station was the launching and tracking of weather balloons; they were painted red, inflated with hydrogen, and carried radio transmitters. Launched each morning, they were tracked by radio and optical devices to show the movements of the winds in the upper atmosphere. At a certain point (when the balloon burst, or at a prearranged signal) the balloon was released to the ground to be retrieved.

The Trindade station began operation in November 1957. Almost immediately, UFOs were reported over the island. (Brazil had not been immune to the flying-saucer epidemic that had begun in Texas)


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 2

THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
Published by
THE AERIAL PHENOMENA RESEARCH
ORGANIZATION
1712 Van Court
Albuquerque, New Mexico, U.S.A.

Copyright 1960, CORAL E. LORENZEN
Editor and Director

Information appearing in this bulletin may be
used by other UAPO research periodicals providing name and address credit is properly given
to this organization and periodical.

Coral E. Lorenzen, International Director and Editor
A. P. Brown, B.S.E. ......... Director of Research
Paul Fleetwood, B.S. Ch. E. ... Asst. Dir. Research
J. J. Lorenzen ............. Director of Public Relations
Gerald S. Clarke, Asst. Director Public Relations
Leonard W. Meeks, B.S.M. ......... Data Analyst
Lois Duke ........................ Secretary
John T. Hopf ......... Photographic Consultant
Oliver Dean ......... Photographic Consultant

SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVES
(The following listed individuals participate in planning and policy-making as Staff Members, in addition to coordinating investigative efforts in the areas indicated following their names.)

Dr. Olavo T. Fontes, M.D. ......... Brazil
R. Goya Ramos ..................... Sweden
Bernardo Passen ................. Argentina
Graham Conway ............ Eastern Canada
Joann Braye ............................. France
Horacio Gonzales Guatreaux ......... Venezuela
Peter E. Norris, LL.D. ............. Australia
Jun Ichi Takanashi ...................... Japan

SECOND ALASKA SIGHTING
IN THREE WEEKS
On the 11th of February a "flamebelching" object, tubular in shape, hurtled through Alaskan skies over Nome.
The silvery object was sighted later at
Unalakleet and St. Michael about 15
miles across Norton Sound from Nome.
This sighting, with more than the usual
amount of physical description of the
object, went out on the press wires. On
the 15th of February, a spokesman for
the North American Air Defense Command, Colorado Springs, Colo., confirmed
that "unidentified flying OBJECTS" were
seen over Alaska early on the 15th.
Although other wire stories revealed no
great amount of information, it seems
likely that at least one object was seen
on Sunday, the 14th, which would be the
object which triggered the initial story.

THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN

was assumed to have been an explosion.
Of added interest is the fact that Pete
Walsh, a Wion Alaska Airlines employee
at Nome, observed the object and said
it appeared to be a manned aircraft
traveling at tremendous speed about
2,00 to 3,000 feet above the earth, and
was monitored by two radar stations
near Nome. Although monitored by
radar, no estimates of speed were given
by officials. We cannot overlook the possibility that this object or these objects
may be Soviet aircraft, but if they are,
it is difficult to explain the close resemblance between these objects and the
object observed at Willoughby, Ohio, on
Thursday, 10 December. See page 3,
column 2 of The Bulletin for January
1960.

On the 6th of March, Mr. Walsh again
sighted an unidentified object in the
Nome area. In a telegram to Governor
William A. Egan, Walsh said that a
bright flash in the sky was sighted at
8:51 p.m., followed by an explosion.
After the flash, the bright object was
seen "drifting" to earth from the east.

March, 1960

reports are not releasable to the public.
However, although it is not possible to
reach any positive conclusions, we do
not believe that the phenomena observed
by the Reverend Gill and his party were
manned space vehicles. An analysis of
bearings and angles above the horizon
does suggest that at least three of the
lights were planets, e.g., Jupiter, Saturn
and Mars. Light refraction, the changing position of the planets relative to
the observers and the unsettled tropical
weather could give the impression of
size and rapid movements. (Signed)
Yours Faithfully, F. S. Lang." (Read
again the report of Mr. Norris and Reverend Gill and see if you can stretch
your imagination to the point where
Mars, Saturn and Jupiter will fly pell
mell across the sky at great speeds,
and with non-standing on them and varying, yet! There's something wrong with
the astronomy textbooks!)

Agencies in Disagreement
On Mystery Lights

Walsh told the governor. The Alaska Air
Command forwarded the report to NO-

A press release by UPI, datelined
March 8, revealed that the Air Force
was investigating reports of a mysterious stream of lights that flashed across
eastern U. S. on the 7th of March. According to the U. S. Defense Department,
the lights were seen as far north as
Lake Erie and as far south as Key West,
Florida.

RAD at Colorado Springs, Colo., and on
USAF headquarters and the Secretary
of the Air in Washington, D. C. "This is
more in the nature of an intelligence
item than an operations problem," the
spokesman said.

Air Force officials in Washington said
the lights were believed to have been
caused by a meteor. Missalemen at Cape
Canaveral, however, said the lights "definitely looked" like a satellite as it fell
back to earth and burned in the atmosphere.

The Associated Press report of the
latest incident also noted that the object
sighted in February was later listed as
a white hot meteor. Who listed it as
such, or how they arrived at that conclusion, was not announced, but the fact
that at least one of the objects sighted
in February was flying at low speed
was not explained. It could not have
been a meteor, if the description of the
speed is accurate. Also, the object observed in Alaska, was seen to ascend at
great speed, disappearing into the sky.

The National Space Agency in Washington confirmed the fact that Lunik III,
the huge Soviet rocket which put the
picture-taking satellite around the moon,
was expected to fall into the earth's
atmosphere in March.
But . . . officials at the Smithsonian
Astrophysical laboratory at Cambridge,
Massachusetts, which keeps track of satellites over the year, are launched, said that
the lights, which were reported by airline
pilots, Air Force pilots, state police and
control towers, had not been explained
by them—they simply couldn't explain
them away.
Observed through binoculars, the objects appeared to be fast moving balls of
molten substance, perhaps metal, which
were falling apart, and such spread and
as they proceeded into the southeast.
They were observed at Cape Canaveral
at 8:10 p.m., 16 minutes after they were
spotted over North Carolina. The display
at Canaveral lasted for three minutes
before disappearing into the blackness.
Or the night. Three minutes observed,
but since Smithsonian could track meteors, and since Smithsonian could

RAAF Statement on
Gill Sightings
Representative Peter Norris of Australia has forwarded a copy of a letter
from Squadron Leader F. A. Lang, in
answer to his letter of 25 January 1960,
requesting information to the RAAF's
conclusions about the Gill sightings (APRO Bulletin, Page 1, November Issue).
The following is the text of Lang's
letter of 22 February: "Dear Sir, Thank
you for your letter of the 25th January
1960. An officer of this Directorate has
investigated Reverend W. Gill's report
of U.F.O. activities in the Boianai area
of New Guinea, and copies of his findings have been submitted to proper au-


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN

ALAMOGORDO, NEW MEXICO — MARCH, 1950

Physical Evidence

NICAP SCORES
NICAP made national headlines on 27 Feb. with its disclosure of an Air Force Inspector General's Brief issued to all Commands on 21 Dec. 1959. The brief reads as follows:

"Unidentified flying objects — sometimes treated lightly by the press and referred to as flying saucers — must be rapidly and accurately identified as serious USAF business in the ZI. As AFR 200-2 points out the Air Force confirms with serious sightings is threatened. First of all, is the object a threat to the defense of the U.S.? Secondly, does it contribute to technical scientific knowledge? And then there's the inherent USAF responsibility to explain to the American people through public information media what is going on in their skies."

The phenomena or actual objects comprising the UFOs will tend to increase, with the public more aware of going-on in space but still inclined to some apprehension. Technical and defense considerations will continue to exist in this area.

APRO 200-2 outlines necessary orderly qualified reporting as well as public information procedures. This is where the base should stand today, with practical intelligence and legal safeguard by the commander and inspector.

Regarding UFO's — should rest with either Intelligence, Operations, or the Provost Marshal or the information officer — in that order of precedence, dictated by the limits of the base organization.

— A specific officer should be designated as responsible;
— He should have experience in intelligence techniques and also, if possible, scientific or technical background.
— He should have the authority to obtain the assistance of specialists on base.
— He should be equipped with binocular, camera, geiger counter, magnifying glass, and have a source for evidence in which to store samples.

What is required is that every sighting be investigated and reported to the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson AFB and that explanation be made available to the public.

Authorities Grab Photos;
Hopf Urges Vigilance
On Part of Members
Two instances in which private individuals succeeded in obtaining photographs of UAOs within the last few weeks came to the attention of the APRO staff.

On the fourth of March, Charles Morris, 31, an airplane instructor, obtained 19 feet of moving picture film of a formation of three disc-shaped objects over Dubuque, Iowa. Morris estimated their altitude as 20,000 feet, their speed at about 200 miles per hour. The objects were saucer-shaped, silvery in color. Morris gave the film to the Federal government "for processing and study," the UPI report stated.

At Grand Blanc, Michigan, Joe Perry, a pizza restaurant owner and amateur astronomer, shot a few pictures of the full moon in February. When the color pictures were developed, one showed, clearly silhouetted against the lunar disc, a saucer-like object, radiating a green tail, and with a dome. Mr. Perry showed the film around his restaurant, to customers and friends, and one individual said, "It's a flying saucer." Before long, two FBI agents dropped in, looked at the pictures, were noncommittal when looking at them, and in Perry's words, "They didn't seem to be interested until I showed this particular one, and then took the them jumped up." The agents took the photo showing the saucer, and several others. Perry said he hoped he has been of some service to the government, "but I hope I get that picture back," he said.

John Hopf, APRO's photo analyst, said in a recent letter to the staff: "This film will never be seen again — he might just as well have burned it up."

The rest of the staff joins Hopf in hoping members to keep a sharp eye out for any picture of a UAO. Inform the photographer that APRO will pay for the privilege of analyzing the film, and will guarantee that the original negatives will be returned, if requested.

MEMBERS —
Please Forward Address Changes!

On September 14, 1957, Mr. Ibrahim Sued, a social columnist for the Rio de Janeiro daily newspaper, "O Globo," included in his column the text of a letter he had received from a reader. Quote:

"Dear Mr. Ibrahim Sued. As a faithful reader of your column, and an admirer of yours, I wish to give you something of the highest interest to a newspaper man, concerning the flying saucers. If you believe they are real, of course. I also didn't believe anything said or published about them. But just a few days ago I had to change my mind. I was fishing together with some friends at a place near the town of Ubatuba, Sao Paulo, when I saw a flying disk. It approached the beach at an unbelievable speed, an accident seeming imminent — in other words, a crash into the sea.

At the last moment, however, when it was about to strike the water, it made a sharp turn upwards and climbed so rapidly in a fantastic maneuver. We followed the spectacle with our eyes, startled, when we saw the disk explode in flames. It disintegrated into thousands of fiery fragments, which fell sparkling with magnificent brightness. They looked like fireworks, in spite of the time of the accident — at noon. Most of these fragments, almost all, fell into the sea. But a number of small pieces fell close to the beach and we picked up a large amount of this material — which was as light as paper. I enclose herewith a small sample of it. I don't know any one that could be trusted to whom I might send it for analysis. I never read about an flying saucer having been found, or about fragments of a saucer that had been picked up; unless it had been done by military authorities and the whole thing kept as a top-secret subject. I am certain that the material will be of great interest to the brilliant columnist and I am sending two copies of this letter — to the newspaper and to your home." (Quote)

The signature was not legible.

Also filed had never written about the UAOs before. Dr. Olavo T. Fontes, APRO's Brazilian representative, read the letter in the column and decided to call Mr. Sued and attempt to at least view the particles. Four hours after a telephone conversation with the columnist, Mr. Sued and his brother visited Dr. Fontes visited Mr. Sued at his


- page 20 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 4                            THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN                            March, 19

NICAP...
[Continuation from page 1]
tion to the public be realistic and knowledgeable publicly that explanation will
be made only by the USAF Information
Service. We are confident that the job
of being experts in our own domain."

NICAP spokesman Vice Adm. R. H.
Hillenkoetter (Ret.), "behind the scenes,
high-ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about UFOs."

The Polar Satellite — 
What Is It?

For days in the early part of February
the whole world pivoted its collective
attention on the dark polar satellite which
had been detected by the United States
tracking system. Dubbed the "Black
Knight" by some, the unidentified object
was tracked in light, was tumbling in space,
and was not emitting radio signals. The
U. S. Defense Department said it might
have been a Russian "spy satellite."
which was denied by the Russians. We
tend to accept this as gospel because
Russians would be quick to claim any
space achievement in order to score another propaganda victory. APRO staff
members considered the possibility that
the object might have been a captured
natural satellite from the Canadian research orbit.

One by one the usual explanations were
ruled out until two remained: the Shell
of a rocket stage which had approximately polar orbit, or a UAO. The former
was the explanation picked out by the
Defense Department to explain away the
mystery object.

WHAT WAS NOT REVEALED WAS
the fact that the object had definitely
been tracked since the 4th of January, was one of two dark satellites in
polar orbits, both of which weighed in
the neighborhood of 15 tons each. The
agency from which APRO obtained its
information certainly should know that
the score is, and the leak of information
occurred during an attempt to coordinate
efforts at tracking the object. In fact,
APRO's information preceded that of the
newspaper release by several days.

Army Reg Concerns
Tracking Unknowns

The United States Army has in its current file of Classified Regulations,
which authorizes, in fact, urges, the tracking of any object successfully tracked
above 3000 feet altitude. This can hardly
be construed as pertaining to satellites,
since the Army regulation is designed to
large distance out in space, so it must
be assumed that the Army is watching
for high-flying unidentified aerial objects.

Mystery Flash and
Power Failure

A brew of clippings from various newspapers in the West revealed the information in early February that a strange
brilliant flash of light had been observed
by thousands in a four-state area.

On February 7 at 12:03 Mountain Standard Time, a flash of light which illuminated the cabin of a Western Airlines
plane piloted by Captain Richard Belew
of Salt Lake City was described as "very
bright," he said. "It started as a low
blue light, then came a blinding flash."
Belew's plane was approximately forty
miles south of Great Falls, Montana.

At Butte, Montana, the secretary at a
radio station observed that a noise like
several jets on takeoff, followed the flash.
The most curious thing about this story
is the newspaper report that a power
failure at the Atomic Energy Commission's reactor testing station in Eastern
Idaho, took place 21 hours later. Mack
Corbett, Director of Information for the
AEC station, took pains to inform newspaper men that there was no flash at the
time of the power failure, as had been reported. He then explained that the power
failure was believed due to a bird or
birds flying into the power line.

Amateur astronomer Floyd Rickords,
Hollywood, California, said he tracked a
red ball in the sky for nearly five minutes after a "bright flash" lighted the
room. "It seemed to stay stationary between two stars for three or four minutes," he said, "then took off with fantastic speed and disappeared."

Although there were no official explanations by responsible agencies, newspapers quoted a spokesman that he was
was made by a meteor.

APRO believes there are too many coincidences involved in this incident, including Rickords' observation, which took
place within a short space of time after
the flash over Utah, Wyoming, Idaho and
Montana, and the power failure at the
AEC station.

Shortly thereafter, strange things were
seen in the skies throughout the U. S.

Takanashi to Study
Ice Fall Data

Mr. Takanashi, our Japanese representative, has gone to the United States to
ice falls in the near future. He has asked
the United States staff to forward data
concerning airborne ice chunks to him
for study and correlation. He has additional theory in mind, and if members will
continue to forward information pertaining to this type of aerial phenomena to
APRO, he will be glad to forward related information.

Agencies...
[Continuation from page 3]
not explain them despite conjecture about
examining packets, we must then assure
that the formation of lights was probably a fleck of UAOs.

Notes and Comments

APRO mentioned in an Editorial in the
Cleveland Plain Dealer, March 6, in
connection with an article by John Ludi,
entitled "Secrecy About UFOs Is Overdone." We would like to give you
a detailed comment pertaining to the affair with both the APRO which is being
done by our Photo Consultant, John
Hopi. Not only tops in photography, I
has proved to be a first-class recruiter.

George Todd, columnist for the Valley News, Pasadena, Calif., was awarded
the Freedom Foundation Award. George was
not only a good friend of APRO but an
enthusiast and some of his comment
about the subject has been read in
the Congressional Record. A M
Keith L. Miller of Cheltenham, England claims he is building a saucer which
will be a "sort of anti-gravity machine
made up of copper and zinc plates the
are supposed to spin and draw the
power from the earth's magnetic
atmosphere." UFORG of Akron, Ohio, has predicted another excellent special
report, dealing with the sighting of several objects by American and Unite
Airlines pilots on 24 February 1959; the
report is comparable to the Fitzgeral
report and would be an important addition to any enthusiast's file.

A recent (9 February) news release out of 310
cow quotes the opinions of Soviet scientists relative to the possible
demolition of the Biblical cities, Sodom
and Gomorrah. At present stated he believes
present-day nuclear scientists should investigate possible radioactive deposits i
Biblical areas in question. He believes
the destruction of the cities was brought
about by space travelers, and that the
structure of Heliopolis, containing some
of the largest single pieces of stone ever
shaped by man, was used for a launch
site by these space travelers. Dr. Fred T. Haddock, the University of Michigan's astronomer, has announced that in a
contact incident intelligence being o
other planets will be made this spring
by several leading American astronomers. Using the most up-to-date scientific instruments, they will attempt t
intercept messages which may be transmitted from billions of miles out i
space.

For your copy of UFORG: "REPORT
ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OB
JECTS" mentioned above, send $1.50 t
UFORG, P. O. Box 232, Akron, Ohio.
Write for your copy and preserve
it in your local library.


- page 21 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

March, 1958                    THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN                     Page 3

Physical Evidence...
(Continued from page 1)

No. 15 Gil,* dated September 24, 1957.
"Spectrographic analysis of unknown ma-
terial. Protocol: 571/57. Origin: Ubatuba,
Sao Paulo. Sender: Dr. Olavo Fontes.
The sample received including two frag-
ments of metallic appearance, grey color,
low density, and weighing, each one,
approximately 0.6 g. Report of the an-
alysis of one of the fragments: The
spectrographic analysis showed the pres-
ence of magnesium (Mg) of a high degree
of purity and absence of any other me-
tallic element." Unquote. Signed, Luisa
Maria A. Barbosa, Chemical-Technologist
"N".

The analysis was made with a large
Hilger Spectrograph, Fontes, expecting
a more detailed report, questioned Dr.
Barbosa. Fontes: "Your analysis showed
the presence of magnesium of a high
degree of purity, and absence of any
other metallic element. Right?" Barbosa:
"Yes. I found all common and uncom-
mon spectrum lines of the element mag-
nesium. There was no other metallic
element in the sample, not even the so-
called trace elements usually detected
in the metallic samples."

In order to overcome any lack of basic
data, a second spectrographic analysis
to request a second spectrographic an-
alysis of the material, which was made
on 24 October, 1957, utilizing the same
Spectrograph.

Elson Teixeira, a former chemist at
the Laboratory who had worked there
for 15 years, did the second analysis.
He planned also a quantitative spectro-
graphic analysis, to determine concen-
tration of any impurity, but the unex-
pected absence of impurities of any kind
made a second analysis unnecessary.

A third spectrographic analysis of the
material has been done. The Brazilian
Army, after hearing about the case, dis-
patched Major Roberto Caminha to talk
to Dr. Fontes, who turned over a sample
of the material to the Army on the 8th
of November. Dr. Fontes was not in-
formed of the results of the test.

A small sample of the material was
sent to the Laboratory of Crystallography
at the Geology and Mineralogy Division
of the National Department of Mineral
Production, by Dr. Fontes. Dr. Elisiaro
Tavora Filho, a well-known scientist,
famous in Brazil for his pioneer works
in Crystallography since 1939, supervised
the X-Ray diffraction analysis. Examina-
tion of the material by X-Ray diffraction
showed that the substance was mag-
nesium, apparently absolutely pure. Pro-
fessor Tavora sent one of his assistants,
Dr. Augusto Batista, to the Mineral Pro-
duction laboratory to request a careful
re-examination of the spectrographic
plate.

pattern of the material by the Powder
method, using a powder camera of the
Debye-Scherrer-Hull type. The analysis
revealed that the substance was pure
magnesium, and the only "impurities"
was magnesium hydroxide (Mg (OH)2),
It was not, evidently, in the original
metal, appearing as an effect of the
explosion and fall of the burning mag-
nesium fragments through the atmos-
phere and into the sea.

A Geiger counter and an Atomic Scaler
were used to determine whether the frag-
ments registered any extraordinary
amount of radiation. No abnormal amount
was found.

This, then, concluded the tests which
Dr. Fontes obtained on the sample of
metal.

The most pure magnesium refined is
99.99%, and such complex and time-
consuming operations are required that
this final product, although still exhibit-
ing some impurities, is more costly than
gold. It cannot be produced for industrial
application, and is used for special uses,
such as to be employed as a "standard"
of purity, or for research purposes in
the understanding of the fundamental
properties of metals.

However, the purest magnesium ever
produced on earth still has impurities
which could be identified in the Spectro-
graphic analysis. The Ubatuba samples
showed none.

The ASTM standard of purity for mag-
nesium (ASTM A-170) shows, in the
spectrographic analysis, the following
impurities: Ca, 0.1%; and traces of Al,
Cu, Fe and Si.

In other words, the magnesium in the
samples analyzed, which was absolutely
pure, represents something outside the
range of present-day technological de-
velopments of our science. On the basis
of this study, it is highly probable that
the metallic chunks picked up on a beach
near Ubatuba, Sao Paulo, are really frag-
ments of a flying disc.

The object which exploded above the
beach at Ubatuba, Brazil was made of
100% magnesium, which is not within the
technology of our times. APRO rests its
case.

[Editor's Note: The documented report,
plus spectrographic film, X-Ray diffrac-
tion analysis film and Dr. Barbosa's re-
port and the chemist's report, are on
file at APRO's headquarters.]

Don't Miss...
the full story of APRO's attempt to get
the facts about physical evidence, to the
public; repercussions, phone-tapping, etc. "Expert" attempts to identify magnesium as con-
ventional space probe project. MAY


- page 22 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLR OPR 45 PD UFOB

- (A) CLEAR-ROUND (B) DIME (C) METALLIC GREEN (D) (2) (C) PARALLEL
- (F) FEET (F) NEGATIVE (V) NEGATIVE (H) NEGATIVE (I) NEGATIVE

- (A) MATCHING SKY WITH BINOCULAR (B) 45 TO 50 DEGREES TO THE
SOUTH (C) APPROXIMATELY 7 DEGREE IN THE NORTHEAST (D) EAST
FLIGHT STOPPED AND DISAPPEARED (E) DIMMED AND DISAPPEARED (F)

- (A) GROUND VISUAL (B) BINOCULAR (C) NEGATIVE

- (A) 13/0/1952 FEBRUARY 1953 (B) NIGHT

- PF 3127 0102-7 = 1802

PAGE TWO RJNFDN 10

- (A) [REDACTED] (M) FIFTEEN (15) CMM CMM
ALBUQUERQUE CMM NMEX STUDENT (2) NEGATIVE

- (A) CLEAR WITH MOONLIGHT (B) NEGATIVE (C) NEGATIVE (D) UNLIMITED
(E) NEGATIVE (F) NEGATIVE

Handwritten note at bottom:
The observer is a young boy who
is impressionable and with an
imagination which has no doubt
over active. He probably saw a
jet well west from the local base.

Prob A/C


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the page:

Page 6                                                                       THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN                                                                       March, 1960

Trindade...
[Continued from page 5]

[Rest of the text is a continuation of an interview or report about a UFO sighting, with questions and answers marked with "Q." and "A." The text discusses details of a UFO sighting near Trindade, involving Navy personnel and a civilian organization. The document appears to be discussing photographic evidence and interviews about the sighting.]

The text continues with detailed discussions about the object's appearance, size, movement, and photographic documentation. The document seems to be from the A.P.R.O. (Aerial Phenomena Research Organization) Bulletin from March 1960, discussing a UFO incident involving the Brazilian Navy.


- page 24 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

March, 1960                         THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN                         Page 5

UAO Sightings Over Trindade
By Dr. Van T. Houts, M.D.
Part II

The NE "Almirante Saldanha"
The UAO Photos Authenticated
by the Brazilian Navy

In early January, 1958, the ship "Almirante Saldanha" left Rio de Janeiro's harbor and proceeded toward the Island of Trindade with a crew of three hundred. That ship had been previously a Brazilian Navy oceanographic ship but had been converted into a hydrographic unit to be used for investigating connected with IGY research. It belonged to the Hydrography and Navigation Division of the Brazilian Navy and, since October, 1957, the ship had made several trips to Trindade, most of them connected with the Navy's oceanographic studies for the IGY.

Several civilians were aboard the ship this time, invited officially to collaborate with the Navy Ministry in the scientific studies which were underway at the Island. One man was Almiro Barauna, a photographer and former newspaperman who was working as a "free lancer". He was also an expert in submarine photography and had been invited to work in the field for the Navy.

After a routine trip the ship arrived at the Island and stayed there for several days. It was scheduled to leave for Rio on January 16. That day, at 12:15 p.m. when the ship was preparing to depart, a strange object was sighted simultaneously by a number of observers captured on the deck. The UAO came toward the Island at high speed, hovered briefly over a peak, disappeared behind it for a short time, and appeared again to move away toward the sea. Mr. Barauna was taking pictures of the ship's maneuvers at that moment. He spotted the UAO and got four pictures of it.

Let's review what happened as told in the witnesses' own words. Let's begin with Almiro Barauna's report. He was interviewed by reporter João Martins and his statements were published in the magazine CRUZEIRO (March 8, 1958). They are transcribed below:

[The rest of the text continues, but is cut off in the image]

The document also includes a map of Trindade Island showing various points like Principe Point, Tartaruga Beach, Desejado Peak, and Galo Crest Peak.


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 8                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 26 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

March, 1960                         THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN                         Page 7

Trindade...
(Continued from page 6)

[Rest of text continues as follows:]

showed me another photo which had been
taken by a Navy telegraphist-sergeant—
also at Trindade. A box camera had been
used. I was surprised, that photo showed
the same object seen in my pictures. It
was evidently the final proof. They told
me it had been taken some time before
my arrival at the Island." Unpublished.

ADDITIONAL REPORTS ABOUT
THE INCIDENT

When the curtain of secrecy around the
sighting was broken, the Navy General
Staff released special instructions forbid-
ding the ship's crew and Navy officers
to have any contact with the press on
the matter. The Navy authorities refused
at first to make any comment on the
incident. All military chiefs interviewed
by the press denied any knowledge of
the matter, or said that only Minister
Alves Camera was entitled to say any-
thing. Some Navy departments even tried
to show a complete lack of interest,
explaining that the pictures had been
taken by a civilian eventually aboard a
warship. On the other hand, the NE
"Almirante Saldanha" remained off Rio
de Janeiro's harbor and finally received
orders to leave Guanabara Bay "to make
another trip related with IGY studies."
This occurred on February 21, at a time
when newspapermen were making des-
perate attempts to reach the crew kept
aboard the ship. At the last moment be-
fore the ship's departure, it was divulged
that reporters were first to con-
tact the crew and get their reports on
the flying saucer. However, the permis-
sion was denied by a counter order, for
the Navy General Staff was against it.
New instructions were issued to sailors
and officers aboard the ship emphasiz-
ing that no contacts with the press were
permitted. That same day (Feb. 21), a
Navy spokesman called the press to say
that the Navy had no responsibility re-
garding the incident, and that no official
statement was to be released about it.
But he assured that the following information—with no official support—might
be published:

"On the morning of January 16, 1958,
over the Island of Trindade, the crew of
the school ship 'Almirante Saldanha'
sighted an unidentified aerial object for
a few seconds. A civilian who was aboard
the ship took some pictures of the object.
The Navy has no connection with the
case, and its only connection with the
occurrence was the fact that the photo-
grapher was aboard the school ship,
and came back with the ship to Rio."
Unquote (LETRA HORA, Feb. 21)

Another spokesman, from the Navy
High Staff Command, released the following statement to the newspaper O
GLOBO, the same day:

"The news about a flying saucer sighted over the Island of Trindade were
received here with almost reserve. There

No officer or sailor from the NE Almi-
rante Saldanha witnessed the event."

It was evident that the Navy authori-
ties didn't realize the incident was too
big to be concealed. Their desperate at-
tempt to give the impression that the
Navy had nothing to do with the incident
was a foolish move. To deny any con-
nection with the incident was a childish
thing. The "unofficial statement" should
not have been released. The press and
the public already knew enough to see
where the truth lay. On the other hand,
the strict orders which forbade military
people to give out any information on
the matter did not apply to civilian observers aboard the ship. They talked to
the press. Captain J. T. Viejas, from the
AF (ret.), was the first to confirm Ba-
rauna's report in a press interview on
February 22. His report is transcribed
below:

"I was on the deck. My friend Amilar
Vieira Filho suddenly called my attention to what he thought to be a 'big sea-
gull.' I looked toward it and was unable
to control my excitement, shouting: 'Flying saucer!' Mr. Barauna was 20 yards
away with his Rolleiflex, watching the
maneuvers. He heard my shouts and
came running—in time to take four pictures of the object. Other people were
also alerted by my alarm: a sergeant,
sailors, the ship's dentist (Lieutenant-
Captain Homero Ribeiro), and other persons. They all sighted the object. The
photographer Farias de Azevedo, who
was more distant, didn't come in time
to get photos.

"The first view was that of a disk
shining with a phosphorescent glow,
which—even at daylight—appeared to be
brighter than the moon. The object was
about the apparent size (angular diameter) of the full moon. As it followed its
path across the sky, changing to a tilted
position, its real shape was clearly outlined against the sky: that of a flattened
sphere encircled, at the equator, by a
large ring or platform. Its speed was
around 700 miles an hour at the moment
it disappeared into the horizon.

"The object was sighted at 12:15 p.m.
when the ship was preparing to leave
the area. It caused a tremendous ex-
clusión aboard. The Jarauna followed a
difficult route to operate his camera,
pushed and pulled by excited observers
around him. In fact, he was almost
thrown into the sea. He got so nervous
after the sighting that he needed more
than an hour to calm down and he almost developed the film. However, in his excitement he forgot to rewind the film
before opening the camera, and it would
have been ruined if he had not been
warned by an officer at the last moment.

"The negative were immediately developed by Barauna in the presence of
Com. Bacellar. The whole crew was
gathered outside, waiting with great


- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN

ALAMOGORDO, NEW MEXICO - MAY, 1960

EXCLUSIVE IGY PHOTO ANALYSIS

THE PHYSICAL
EVIDENCE STORY

Editor's Note: The following is a chronological record of APRO public release of information concerning the near-famous Tuctubatuba, Brazil. They are, to our knowledge, the only indisputable physical evidence which indicates the extraterrestrial nature of the unconventional aerial objects. On 19 March the following letter was mailed to Major Tucker in Washington:

We realize that it is unlikely that any positive action can be taken on the contents of this letter at your level but we are trusting that you will forward it to the proper agency. We feel, however, that it should be routed through you since it concerns directly a recent report issued by your office to the effect that the Air Force has no physical evidence indicating that any UFOs are real and extraterrestrial.

A release which you issued early this year, according to UPI, stated: "no physical or material evidence, not even a minute fragment of a sealed flying saucer, has ever been found." This statement, as it stands, is not true. However it is not our intent or purpose to belabor you concerning the accuracy of statement issued through your office. I have been associated through with Public Relations and long enough to understand that a Public Information Office bears the same relationship to military service as an advertising agency bears to its sponsor. The function of a public relations organ is to build the sponsor's prestige and sell the product.

The physical evidence, which the United States Air Force has been unable to acquire, is, in fact, a portion of an extraterrestrial vehicle which was witnessed by numerous witnesses. The grasp was arrested by material this case, however, is that we do not have to descend on the testimony of witnesses to establish the reality of the object. For THE MOST ADVANCED LABORATORY TESTS INDICATE THAT THE RESIDUAL MATERIAL COULD NOT HAVE BEEN PRODUCED THROUGH THE APPLICATION OF ANY KNOWN TERRESTRIAL TECHNIQUES.

It has been claimed by some sources that the United States Air Force has proof positive in its possession of the sort outlined above, and is deliberately withholding this evidence for reasons of its own. It has been postulated by others that the United States Air Force, through sheer bureaucratic incompetence, has failed to acquire or recognize such evidence even though such exists. We do not have access to sufficient information to warrant support of either position.

Instead, we humbly submit this proposition: The evidence which we have is available to the United States Air Force - not to be buried - not to be bickered about - but rather to be examined by scientific authorities acceptable to all parties concerned.

The press carried excerpts from the letter on the 11th, 12th and 13th, and on the 15th, one day after the date of the letter subsequently received by the Director, the press carried parts of Major Tucker's answer to APRO. The following is the answer which was dated the 14th and received on Thursday, 17 March:

Department of the Air Force, Washington, Office of the Secretary, 14 March, 1960. Dear Mrs. Lorenzeo: This is to acknowledge your letter of 9 March 1960 enclosing a photograph of fragments with are purported to be part of a "flying saucer" which exploded within the earth's atmosphere. The proper office to which this evidence should be submitted is the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. I am referring your letter to them immediately and would suggest that in the interest of time you submit these fragments to them at once with a covering letter. I would also suggest that you review their Aerospace Technical Information Division, Office of Information.

On the 17th, Mrs. Lorenzeo sent the following telegram to Major Tucker: Your proposal that APRO send the UFO residuals to ATIC for study must be respectively declined since AFR 200-2

Editor's Note: We will precede the conclusion of Dr. Foster's article on the IGY photographs with the following analysis of the photographs which was performed by APRO in our Photo Technical Lab by John T. Hool. Coupled with the documented physical evidence case in our files, we feel that our case for the extraterrestrial nature of the UFO is complete. The analysis follows:

The four photographs taken by Almiro Barana on January 16, 1958 are without doubt the finest record of a UAO to come into my hands. Although there can be no question of their authenticity they were taken, I have made a careful study of the 8 x 10 enlargements sent to me. I am satisfied that these enlarged prints and the blow-ups from them which I made for publication in the Bulletin show all or nearly all the detail that was visible in the negatives. APRO could not obtain the negatives.)

The data as previously published in the Bulletin is as follows - Camera: Rolleiflex, Model E, F2.8 lens. Exposure: F8, 1/125 second. Kind of film: Not stated. Time of day: 12:20 p.m. Weather: Bright overcast.

Six exposures were made in 14 seconds as determined by subsequent tests with the same camera and photographer. Two of these (Nos. 4 and 5) did not show the object as the photographer's aim was upset by the confusion on deck. (See diagram in the March Bulletin.)

I have carefully weighed this data against the actual appearance of the photographs and have reached these conclusions:

1. The general appearance of the sky, water, rock detail, etc., indicates that they were taken on an overcast day.

2. The density and contrast of the UAO is that of a solid object at a considerable distance from the camera under such lighting conditions. This was checked by comparison with many similar distant photographs of conventional aircraft taken under overcast conditions. This comparison also indicates a likely size of 120-24 feet as deduced from the studies and tests made by the Brazilian government.


- page 28 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 4                                                                       May, 1960

IGY Photo...
(Continued from page 1)

3. The object is real luminous or cloud-like as in many other UAO photographs.

4. The shutter speed of 1/25 second used would be enough to "stop" an object.

This several hundred miles an hour if it were far enough from the camera, as this one was. It is interesting to note that the outline of the object is quite sharp in views Nos. 2 and 3 where it had slowed down, but slightly blurred in Nos. 1 and 4 where it was going at a higher speed and the shutter setting was not high enough to freeze the motion.

I can see no evidence of a vapor trail or luminous halo as reported by some witnesses. This may not have registered due to overexposure of the sky background.

Had the shutter been set at 1/250 or 1/500 second, we would have had a much sharper set of pictures; however, Mr. Barauna should be complimented on his alertness and self-control in getting photographs as good as these under such trying conditions. Had he stopped to reset his shutter speed, we might not have had this valuable evidence at all.

UAO SIGHTINGS AT THE
ISLAND OF TRINDADE

By OLAVO T. FONTES, M.D.

Part III
The Official Attitude of the Brazilian Navy, Official Documents and Additional Evidence About the UAO Photographs Taken from the NE "Almirante Saldanha"

At the beginning of this report, it was said that the UAO photographs were taken at the Island of Trindade were proof, according to official statements, of the first official documented sighting that statement has already been presented to the reader; it was the Navy secret memorandum to the House of Representatives with the answers to the questions asked by Rep. S. Magalhães. Two other official documents shall be presented now.

The Navy Official Release and Other Official Statements

On February 22, 1958, under pressure of public opinion and the press, the Brazilian Navy Ministry was forced to issue an official release, admitting for the first time that a UAO had been photographed over the Island of Trindade, in the presence of members from the garrison of the NE "Almirante Saldanha". The document from the Navy Ministry was the following...

[text continues but is partially cut off at bottom of page]

through the press insinuating that the Navy Ministry has attempted to avoid the publication of facts connected with the appearance of a strange object over the Island of Trindade, this office declares that such information is without basis.

"This Ministry sees no reason to forbid the publication of pictures of said object, taken by Mr. Almiro Barauna" - Navy guest-in-the presence of a number of elements from the NE "Almirante Saldanha" garrison, aboard that ship from which the photos were taken.

"Evidently, this Ministry cannot make any statement about the NE "Almirante Saldanha" photos without over the Island of Trindade, for the photos do not constitute enough evidence for such a purpose." Unquote (Rio de Janeiro CORREIO DA MANHA, ULTIMA HORA, February 23, O GLOBO, February 24, etc., Sao Paulo O ESTADO DE SAO PAULO, February 23, 1958)

That same day, a Navy spokesman told the press that the authenticity of the photos taken aboard the NE "Almirante Saldanha" was now confirmed beyond any doubt, and that those who had rejected them as proof were entirely wrong. He also stated that the whole UFO problem was being investigated and, at the end, the Brazilian Navy would release a decisive report about it. (Rio de Janeiro CORREIO DA MANHA, February 23, 1958)

[rest of text continues but is partially cut off]


- page 29 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

May, 1950                     THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN                     Page 3

Physical Evidence...
[Continued from page 2]

blue-white, approximately the size of a
half-dollar held at arm's length, round,
and moving at very high speed. The
witnesses all agree that the object left
no tail or trail, but did make a sound
like a child's 'top with holes. The object
was reported as moving generally from
WEW to ENE and was in sight approximately four seconds. The authorities at
Biggs AFB conducted an investigation
to determine the cause. Analysis of
all the available information points toward this object as being a bolide. Carly
an hour which the sighting took place
is probably when the were no other
witnesses to the incident.

The Aerospace Technical Intelligence
Center is interested in any physical evidence or data which will assist in determining the cause of a UFO sighting.
Therefore, will you place forward a
sample of the material and technical
report concerning the Ubatuba Beach
case to ATIC for analysis and/or evaluation. Names and specific qualifications
of persons involved should accompany
the report.

A search of reference material in the
AMC technical library failed to reveal
the name of Mr. Ibrahim Sued, Dr.
Olavo T. Fontes, or any of the persons
mentioned in the article on the incident
carried in the APRO Bulletin.

ATIC files reveal no record of the New
Haven, Connecticut case referenced in
your letter. This case is approximately
seven years old and any information
which could be derived at this late date
would not be reliable. However, I would
suggest that you forward the residual
material for this case to ATIC and ask
them to analyze it. Sincerely,

J. Tucker.

It is obvious at this time that the Air
Force wants those fragments. There is
no doubt, also, that they would find some
way of burying their findings or finding
some way to clutter up the evidence
with extraneous comments and evaluations which would tend to discredit or
cast doubt upon the conclusions of Dr.
Fontes and the APRO staff.

Our informants at Biggs Air Force Base
and in El Paso indicate that the object
mentioned in our letter to Tucker, had
maneuvered over the El Paso area; that
it had hovered long enough to sately frighten
several individuals. The sound was not
that of a bolide or any other kind of
meteor. Even the description of the object
in Major Tucker's letter does not fit a
meteor. Yet the evidence has been "interpreted" to indicate that the object
was a meteor. On the basis of this, can
we entrust our previous hints of pure mass
measurement to the U. S. mails? Can we
alter the years of work we have put

AFB object a bolide? Meteor?
The Director, Mrs. Lorenzen, held a
Secret clearance when she was employed
by the Air Force at Holloman. If the
Air Force wants the magnesium body
enough, they might try an offer to furnish
transportation for the Director and two
other APRO scientific people to ATIC
or any testing lab for an analysis. The
Air Force claims it spends $10,000 on each
investigation—here is one well worth the
money. Reputable scientists have already
paved the way.

During the foregoing chain of events,
the Lorenzen home telephone, which is a
private line, was repeatedly under surveillance. Calls between Mr. Lorenzen
at his place of employment at Holloman
and Mrs. Lorenzen at the APRO office,
were monitored. When the final physical
evidence release went out to the press—
wires on the 13th of March, an editor
at Kansas City "killed" it, and it went
out without the AP byline, UPI waited
until the 22nd (probably checking with
science editors), then released it worldwide. The physical evidence story was
accepted well abroad, but in the U. S.,
editors restrained from too wide a use
of it, and it fell flat. We have labeled
this attitude "Brinksterism" because people have a tendency to want the facts
until they are confronted with them—
they come to the brink of the truth and
then turn their backs.

Most researchers would scream "censorship"—we have said in this time—here
will reiterate at this time—there would
have been censorship, but we just don't
know. A certain fear of confirmation of
the unknown element seems to play a
big part in this; perhaps we will never
know just how much.

We do know this: On the 22nd of March,
Mrs. Lorenzen was informed by a friend
that her 20" file at Holloman had been
opened. A 20" is the personal, confidential file of civil service employees
which contains the results of information
gathered by intelligence and security officers pertaining to personality, morality,
political convictions, police record, if
any, etc. and it is upon the basis of this
information that a security clearance is
issued.

Someone was visibly interested in personal information about the Director,
and that person had to be in the military, because only a qualified officer or
security agent has access to that file.
Was someone trying to find something
to use as a weapon against Mrs. Lorenzen
and APRO? Is it highly unlikely that
we shall ever have the answer to that
one, either. We can deduce, however,
that we will not receive any large amount
of cooperation from Major Tucker—his
hands are tied. We will have to "play it
alone," as it were, for several reasons.


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 6                                                                       May, 1950

Trindade Sightings...
(Continued from page 1)

was on the deck with his camera and, after the happening, was under a deep nervous excitement. I stayed at his side all the time, in order to watch him develop the film.

"—The film was developed in a photolaboratory prepared aboard, when Barauna was able to get his nerves under control—about an hour after the incident.

"—The AF Captain Jose Teobaldo Viegas (retired) went with him into the darkroom, holding a flashlight during the film's development, while I waited out side.

"—I saw the film immediately after it was developed, still wet, and—making a careful examination—I was able to determine:

"(a) that the pictures preceding the sequence connected with the object's passage corresponded with scenes taken aboard a few minutes before the incident;

"(b) that, in the pictures connected with the sighting, was visible, in different positions, an image looking like the object seen later on the copies—with details which only the enlargements made afterwards showed more clearly;

"(c) and that the two photos lost by Barauna because he was too nervous—or because he was pushed by other excited people around him—showed the sea and part of the Island's mountains.

"—The negatives referred to were sent by many people aboard.

"—Afterwards, in Rio, I called Barauna (as we had prearranged) and brought him twice to the Navy Ministry to warn Barauna against any publicity about the fact before the proper permission would be granted, and also that he would be informed as soon as the proper authorities decided to authorize the publication of the photographs.

"—The negatives were given by Barauna to Navy authorities but were later returned again to him, through myself.

"—On this occasion, however, I said he was free to use the pictures as he wished, under certain restrictions, for they be-

(continued on next column)

lieved—at least those that might contribute to a better evaluation of the whole case.

"They will be listed in the following pages.

The A.P.R.O. BULLETIN

ordinary significance of such a report, for the information included in it was the last piece of evidence we needed to prove that Barauna's photographs are genuine—and good enough to show that UAOs are real, i.e., some type of vehicle flying through our atmosphere.

Incidentally, the analysis of the photographs outside the Navy also confirmed their authenticity, as said before. Barauna's negatives were taken to the "Cruzeiro do Sol Aerophotogrammetric Service," one of the best equipped photolaboratories in South America. On the even of February 22, 1958, Mr. Stefano (the laboratory's chief and top photographic expert), together with a group of photo technicians, did a careful examination of the negatives. After several hours of rigorous tests, the commission came to the following conclusion: "It was established that no photographic tricks are involved. The negatives are normal." This written photo lab report was signed and sent to the Navy Ministry, where it was added to the UFO Secret Report which was later sent to the National Security Council. After discussing the accurate laboratory tests made in the Navy Photo Renaissance Laboratory and in the aerophotogrammetric lab, the top secret report concluded that both secret examinations had proven that the photos were authentic. On the basis of such an evidence, concluded the report, the sighting of an unidentified aerial object on the skies of Trindade could be positively established. But the available data were not enough to make sure that the object was, in fact, a flying saucer—nor they added other elements to make easy its identification.

(continued on next page)

immediately the copies requested.

By a curious "coincidence," an unexpected visit occurred a few days later. He came in a Pan American airliner, on February 26, to was Major General Thomas Darcy, the USAF representative in the Brazil U.S.A. Joint Military Commission for Defense. In an interview with the Press, at the Galeao International Airport, he said:

"The reasons for my visit to Brazil are connected with several things. One of them is related with the supply of airplanes and equipment for Brazilian anti-submarine defense. On this trip I am going to discuss with Brazilian military authorities several problems of interest to both countries. Also I will make a visit, of course, to Salvador AF Base.

I am going to discuss some secret matters, too."

The newspepermen then asked for his opinion about the Trindade sighting. His answer was the following:

"In the USAF we have a well-established viewpoint about flying saucers. We came to the conclusion that 85 per cent of these UFOs can be explained as natural phenomena of atmospheric origin. Regarding the other 15 per cent—the mystery still remains, and we prefer to withhold our opinions on the matter." (Rio de Janeiro O GLOBO, ULTIMA HORA, O JORNAL, etc., February 27, 1958)

(rest of text continues but is cut off in image)


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

May, 1960                                                                                                                   Page 3
THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN

Photo 1, top left, shows the object appearing Trinidad Island at low speed from the direction of the sea.

Photo 2, middle page, left, shows the object at the time it was behind Caio Crest.

Photo 3, middle page, right, shows the object shortly after it made a turn near Desejdo Peak.

The last photo, Photo 4, bottom right, shows the object flying at high speed as it leaves the vicinity of the island. This series is without a doubt the most detailed, informative group of UAO pictures ever taken. We are indebted to Dr. Pontes and Joao Martins for their efforts on our behalf, as well as to the editor of the magazine O Cruzeiro, for his cooperation in bringing these pictures to the field of UAO research.

THE FAMOUS
IGY UAO PICTURES
Reproduced on this page are the four excellent pictures of a UAO photographed by photographer Almiro Barana on 18 January 1958. This is the first time, to our knowledge, that a research organization has obtained first copies from the original negatives, along with independent analysis. For the full story, see exclusive UFO photo analysis, Page 1, and Dr. Pontes' carefully documented article dealing with these photos in the diary and March 1960 issue of the PO Bulletin, and concluded in this [text cut off]


- page 32 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

May, 1950                    THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN                    Page 7

Trindade Sightings...
(Continued from page 6)

the "Galo Crest," maneuvered in several directions, disappeared into the horizon, come back just a few seconds later. It then moved away at high speed and was gone. These sightings were interesting, but the real sensation had been the incident of January 16, because of the photographic evidence supporting it.

In the course of my personal investigation, I asked some friends in the Navy to verify the sergeant's story. They said the reports existed, but had been rejected due to the observers' lack of qualification and brief duration of the phenomenon. At my request, they also rechecked the radar report. They confirmed Barauna's report. According to the radar technicians, the ship's radar set had picked up a target flying at supersonic speed the day before Barauna's sighting, at about 12:05 p.m. The operator had tried to switch the set to automatic tracking, but failed, and the strange body was not identified. However, as they were not certain about flying saucers at that time, the radar technicians admitted the possibility of a defect in the set and rechecked it. They found that everything was normal.

Another bit of interesting information was reported by reporter Paulo M. Camara, writing in the newspaper DIARIO DA NOITE of February 23, 1958. He said: "I am going to tell you something about the flying saucer sighted at the Island of Trindade; something not yet published in the papers, I cannot vouch for it, but my source is the best possible."

Regarding the sighting of the flying saucer itself, what really made a deep impression on the Navy was the report that instruments, radio transmitters, and apparatus while the flying object remained in the field's proximity. The Navy decided to consider this a top-secret fact.

In Navy circles, it was not possible to obtain any information of the fact. All sources interviewed by the press refused to confirm or deny the information. At my request, my Navy friends also rechecked it. They confirmed the data but failed to get further details concerned.

The UAO Sighted from the
Tow Ship "Tridente"

(Continued with the press, Admiral Alves Camara, the Navy General Staff, and others) confirmed the fact that a UAO was sighted from the coast of Espirito Santo (State).

Regarding the public relations for the press, confirmed the information that this sighting was from aboard the Navy

sailors were the witnesses. (Rio de Janeiro CORREIO DA MANIA, February 23, 1958)

I must confess that I was not impressed when I read this information in the papers. Those who saw the first part of this review know that, in the beginning of my investigation of the Trindade case, I had received information about a sighting involving a Navy tow ship. Yet, according to my source, this ship was the "Trindade" and the incident had occurred on January 2, 1958, near the coast of Bahia. That press report was not corrected, I thought.

However, just a few days later, I saw again the name "Tridente". This time it appeared in an official document, the Congressional Inquiry approved by the House of Representatives (item 8) on February 27, which was already transcribed in the first part of this review. Now I was impressed. I rechecked my information but got the same answer. Yet something was wrong. I was inclined to believe that the discrepancy might be due to a confusion of names, for the lack of a better explanation. It was then that I was startled by some amazing information.

Someone told me that the C.O. of the "Tridente" had sighted the UAO, near the Espirito Santo coast, on the same day of the Barauna case—i.e., on January 16, 1958. The same source confirmed the other sighting too.

The next thing was to try to get more data on the "Tridente" sighting. I enlisted the aid of several friends and we tried to get an account of other UAO sightings on the Espirito Santo coast in that area. One of them was lucky and got a report about a similar object in that area.

The sighting had been witnessed by a physician, Dr. Ezio Azevedo Fundao, Director, Surgery Service, Pedro Ernesto Hospital, Rio de Janeiro, his father, wife, and two sisters. Dr. Fundao has a summer house on the Beach Coast Villa Velha, Espirito Santo, half an hour from Vitoria (the State capital). That night, the doctor's car was parked on a small road because the house, and was hit and practically destroyed by a truck. The whole family was awakened by the crash and went outside to see what had happened.

When everything was normal again, at 2:30 a.m., one of the doctor's sisters called the attention of the others to a bright object that hovered over the Rocky Islands, at a distance of about 200 feet from the observers and about 500 feet above the ground. It remained there, motionless, for about 10 minutes. It finally disappeared when it was covered by thick, low-flying clouds that moved across the sky.

That object's shape was exactly the same as the UAO to be photographed

appeared to be translucent, with a silvery shinin in the sunlight. The UAO's size was, according to the observers, like that of a "Corsair" plane. A beam of light was emitted from its bottom projecting toward the sea below. This searchlight was steady and moved from one side to another.

The object was too bright to be a lighted balloon. As the night was clear, its outlines were sharply defined against the sky. It was obviously a craft of some sort. It couldn't be an airplane because airplanes don't hover in one spot, and it was not atmospheric phenomena. The observers heard no sound and they were away from all city noises.

By a coincidence or not, the beacon at the Barra lighthouse, located at the same area, collapsed at the hour the UAO was sighted to reappear only fifty minutes later. By another coincidence, the Navy tow ship "Tridente" was within about two miles of the site that same night. From the ship's deck, the C.O. had spotted the object at approximately the same time.

We talked to Dr. Fundao about his sighting. He emphasized the fact that he didn't know what the UAO was, but he was sure it was something he had never seen before. He was also interviewed by reporter Joao Martins, and his report was published in the magazine O CRUZEIRO, of June 7, 1958.

The Last Sightings on the
Island of Trindade

After the happenings of January 15, 1958, the Brazilian Navy decided to set up special photographic equipment at Trindade. This camera project included automatic cameras with telephoto lenses which were to be kept ready to photograph any new UAO appearance, at any time. Technicians handling the equipment were to stay at their posts day and night—such a man being substituted by another every four hours.

I don't know if the system worked as planned. But I was informed that a UAO reappeared over the Island on March 7, 1958, in the daytime. One of the observers, a Navy doctor, tried to photograph it with his camera—but nothing appeared on the negatives.

The UAO was sighted again on October 1958, at 8 p.m. It was described as a luminous object, round-shaped and encircled by a bright, red glow, moving over the island for about 1 minute, then it moved away toward the northeast at tremendous speed and was gone. The details who saw it were not published in the report that was scared that the photographer was still in sight.

These sightings were not published in the papers.


- page 33 -

Here is the text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR DECEMBER 28, 1957

Constellations Shine
As the new year begins, astronomers prepare for the
events to come, including two solar eclipses and one lunar,
and the opportunity to study Mars as it approaches the earth.

By JAMES STOKLEY

WITH THE BEGINNING of a new
year, the winter evening sky is in its full glory. These are
shown on the accompanying map, which
depicts the sky as it appears about 10:00
p.m. near the middle of January. First
to rise in the east is the constellation
at the middle of the month and two hours
earlier at the north comes to a close.
No planets are indicated, as none are
visible during these hours, although Venus
will rise later, in the first part of
January.

Around Jan. 1, it sets more than two
and one-half hours after the sun. Until
then, Venus shines brilliantly in the southeast. However, it is rapidly drawing into
line with the sun, and will be nearly in
front of it on Jan. 28, in the position called
inferior conjunction. By then, of course,
it will be invisible. Since it goes below the
western horizon before sunset.

By the middle of February, as Venus
swings to the east of the sun, it will be a
morning star, rising before sunrise and
before sunrise. This is in the
southeast, and will be the brightest star
in the January evening. This is in the
constellation Ophiuchus, which lies
above the ecliptic. Move a little to the left,
and to the right, is the magnificent
constellation of Orion, the warrior, with
the three stars in a row that mark his belt.
Move the left, to the left, is Betelgeuse,
the bright red star. To the right, shines
the right, shines Rigel.

Aldebaran: Bull's Eye
will higher than Orion, and farther right,
in Taurus, the bull, with the ruddy star
Aldebaran that marks the animal's eye.
High in the east, in the constellation
Taurus, the first Gemini, the twins, is still
visible. We find Castor and Pollux in this
group, towards Canis Minor, is Canis Minor,
the lesser dog, with the star Procyon.
Continuing the line from Castor and Pollux
maps are prepared, stands Auriga, the
charioteer. In this is the bright star Capella,
noted only by Sirius among the stars now
visible.

Low, the horizon, is making its appearance
in the west, the constellation Leo, rising
and and shoulder, for his kind quarters
are still below the horizon. In the part
of the sky where Leo is rising, and partly
in the group, called Regulus, although
now Aldebaran and dimming yet its
light.

Mercury Rises Early
On Jan. 15 Mercury, which will then be
in Sagittarius, the archer, will be farthest
west of the sun, and will rise before sunrise.
Thus, for a few days around this date it
may be possible to get a glimpse of it near
the southeastern horizon at dawn breaking.
It will then be nearly twice as bright
as Sirius but faint to see because of the
brightness of the sky.

Total Eclipse of the Sun
The second eclipse of the sun will occur
on Columbus Day, Oct. 12. This is total,
with the moon completely covering the sun,
for more than five minutes at the most
favorable location. The path of totality,

(Continued on page 608)

[Note: The rest of the text is cut off at the bottom of the page]

The document also contains two star charts showing constellation positions, but as instructed, I have only transcribed the text.


- page 34 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 8                     THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN                     MAY, 1960

Trindade Sightings...
(Continued from page 7)

The UAO Sightings at the Island of Fernando Noronha Trindade, Noronha is another small rocky island in the South Atlantic Ocean between the Brazilian coast and the African continent. Unlike Trindade, it is placed along the route of the U.S. guided missiles fired from Cape Canaveral in the direction of Ascension Island. Because of this strategic position, the island was selected two years ago as the place for a U.S. guided missile and satellite tracking station. According to the military treaty between the two countries, the instruments set up over the island track high, fast-moving objects—the guided missiles and satellites—were to be operated by American crews and Brazilian technicians working together. As soon as the tracking station was built, it was put into operation together with the already existing tracking station at Rio.

Recently one of the Brazilian technicians working at the tracking station arrived at Rio to see his family. He stayed here for a few weeks. He told us a startling story. He said that the first UAO sightings over Fernando Noronha occurred the same day the station had begun its operations.

An ICRM had been fired from the Atlantic Missile Range in Florida, and as it soared up into the stratosphere and fell back to earth, the crews at Fernando Noronha were ready to record its flight. Suddenly a target was picked up on the radar screens. It was the rocket and the station started to track it. But a few seconds later another "rocket" was spotted moving along the same trajectory. Something was wrong. They had been called to track one rocket, but the radars had picked up two rockets. A radio message was immediately sent asking for an explanation. There was no explanation, was the answer, for only one missile had been fired. The radar operators said that the second target looked real, too, but it was "explained away" as a reflection caused by an inversion layer.

The "ghost rockets" continued to be picked up, however, almost every time a guided missile was being tracked by the station. Some of these fast-moving objects were not real too. They were tracked by the station. Some of these objects were sometimes a whole formation including three or four unknowns was sighted. Some of them followed the "rocket" they were tracking during the whole tracking sequence. But others changed course and went in another direction. And a few of these objects were completely lost to the tracking station.

In the light of the information about the UAO activities in the area of Fernando Noronha, it is not difficult to guess what they were doing over Trindade. Taking into account all of the evaluated data, it is evident that these UAOs are spy-ships. They are keeping every guided missile test range, satellite launching base, and tracking station around this world under close watch all the time. When they detected signs of activity on Trindade they started an investigation to discover what we were doing there. For some time, they probably suspected the new base to be somehow connected with our rocket and satellite tests. As soon as the above peaceful character of the meteorological studies performed there was established, the UAOs abandoned the survey—to concentrate on more important targets. Fernando Noronha is one of these targets. The UAOs are still being sighted there.

These conclusions are based on the facts—all of the facts related with the remarkable sequence of military UAO reports included in this review. You may accept or reject them. Yet, you cannot deny the fact that the evidence presented is more than enough to prove that UAOs are real objects. And if you are one of those who accuse UAO researchers of creating the mystery of the flying saucers, believing what they want to believe and rejecting all other possibilities, I have for you the unbiased opinion of Colonel Joao Adil de Oliveira, former head of the Brazilian Air Force investigation of these strange objects in the sky. If you cannot meet his challenge, then you shall have to revise your ideas on the subject. In an interview with the press, on February 23, 1958, he said the words that will be used to close this review. They are:

"It is impossible to deny any more the existence of flying saucers at the present time. Regarding the Trindade photographs, I see no reason for disbelief. Neither to admit that the photographs would dare to take the risk of a public expose of his fraud if it was the case."

(Continued on page 3)

Physical Evidence...
(Continued from page 3)

AN OPEN LETTER
TO APRO MEMBERS

[Rest of the text continues but is partially cut off in the image]


- page 35 -

UFO INVESTIGATOR JUL-AUG 1960

[The rest of the text is partially legible and would require careful OCR. Some sections are clear, while others are blurry or partially obscured. A full verbatim transcription would require multiple passes and careful comparison. Would you like me to attempt a partial transcription of the clearly visible text?]


- page 36 -

New Genuine UFO Photographs: Important picture taken at the mid-Atlantic island of Trinidad (Brazil) on January 16, 1958, by photographer on IGY vessel, certified by Brazilian Navy officials as not faked. Los Angeles takes movie of paired UFOs December 1 (similar to Tremonton film) and gets decent treatment from Air Force (from Max Miller's Saucers). Famous 1953 movie taken in Port Moresby, New Guinea, unearthed and published by Australian investigators: shows right-angle maneuvers.


- page 37 -

Photographic evidence towards the reality of "Flying Saucers" in 1960-61 was once again on the increase. The Brazilian Navy and Brazilian Congress re-confirmed positive proof that the "Saucers Exist" in 1960, when it confirmed the existence of photographs taken of a UFO near the Island of Trindade aboard the IGY Ship" Almirante Saldanha" by photographer [redacted] in January, 1958. This event was confirmed by hundreds of crew members aboard the ship and by many of the natives on shore. Brazil still remained the only country in the world that officially recognizes the existence of "Flying saucers" in 1960-61.

On January 18, the most famous of UFO photographs in early years, proved to be a series of four photographs taken of a same UFO in its flight path at Trindade Island, off Brazil in the Atlantic Ocean by a sailor [redacted], aboard a Brazilian Navy IGY survey ship, named Almirante Saldanha. The object appeared shaped like the Planet Saturn with rings around its middle. That makes this photo so unusual was that it resulted in Brazil becoming the first country in the world to officially recognize the existence of "Flying saucers". The strange object was seen on at least 8 different occasions, by at least 100 sailors aboard the ship, by dozens of persons on the island, twice through theodolites, as well as being picked up on radar on several occasions. Also it was photographed by a Navy sergeant on the island and seen close up on two occasions. Add to those facts, that the pictures were ordered released by the President of Brazil himself, and have been confirmed by both the Brazil Navy and the Brazil Congress and you've got quite a story.


- page 38 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top of document, partially legible]
... CASE
... March 14 to March 31 49 - Hill - Pollock

[Main body of text]
Finally, with reference to inside, I have presented concrete evidence that the pictures were well taken and show a moving UFO. Showing the admittedly fake photographs of flying saucers, his statement that he could possibly have faked the flying saucer damming is false. Any competent photo-expert could have done as well. I could do better. At his review we urge complete fail? Is reference to the record. Do you think this is completely fail?

[Note: Some words are partially obscured or cut off, so the transcription may not be 100% accurate]


- page 39 -

FEBRUARY 1958 SIGHTINGS

The document is a table listing UFO sightings in February 1958, with columns for Date, Location, Observer, and Evaluation. The table includes sightings from various locations such as Victoria, Texas; Camp Carson, Colorado; Albuquerque, New Mexico; Melbourne, Australia; Ostan, Iran; and many others.

The bottom of the page contains an "ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)" section with locations including Cambridge, Massachusetts; Japan, U.S.; Moro, North Carolina; and Naples, Italy.

Many of the observer and evaluation fields are redacted (blacked out), but some visible evaluations include:
- Balloon
- Insufficient Data
- Military
- Astro (METEOR)
- Aircraft
- Multi
- Other (COAX)

The document appears to be a summary page from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force systematic study of unidentified flying objects.


- page 40 -

Here is the text I can clearly read from the document:

[Left Column - Partially Legible]
... the self-proj will ...
an first at a point on the ...
of ... near ... this point ...
... This point, which is near ...
... the ... shadow of a ...
... and change eclipse, which is seen ...
... in Summa, possibly the ...
... of the sun in Chile, near ...
... at the sun in setting at a point ...
... pictures of the sun over straws ...
... in make now observations which
... be made at other times, or by how
... well. This, if in library that makes
... to blank where this clip will ...

[Right Column - Mostly Illegible]
1958 Mars will again ...
earth now at near as it did in Sept ...
... which it was only 35,000,000 miles ...
... such closer than it is now ...
... for every 780 days. That will ...
... 45,470,000 miles.

[Bottom of Page - Partial Time Table]
... Time Table for January

[Most of the right side of the document is very blurry and difficult to read with significant portions being illegible]


- page 41 -

Most of the page appears to be blank or extremely faded. There are some partially legible fragments of text along the left margin of the document, but they are too fragmented and blurry to confidently transcribe. The majority of the page is a white/off-white color with very little discernible text.


- page 42 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FOR CASE (INVESTIGATION ONLY)                                   11 Jan 53
                                                                 Vista, Calif.

Spcl. No. Flying Saucer - May 52

Between 10 and 11 pm Saturday
night.

In addition, many visitors have witnessed strange object phenomena.
One of them had the presence of mind to focus his 40-power telescope on the object and was able to give a complete description of what transpired.

He is P. K. Rothermell, of 335 Crescent Dr., a retired general contractor specializing in steam heat and trailer building.

To the Temecula, the object appeared only as a bright light, three or four times brighter than a star.

Mr. Rothermell with his telescope was able to give a more complete description.

Rothermell said that it hovered distinctly overhead for some time, then moved south toward San Diego. He estimated that it was from eight to ten miles high.

Then, after reaching a turning point toward the southern horizon, the object again stopped. Rothermell said, and he could see that the light was in the central portion of a cigar-shaped object.

Soon after it warped smaller objects, also lighted, sprang from one part of the craft. He said, and cited the "mother ship". He watched these for some ten minutes until a cloud came up to obscure his view.

The unidentified flying object was seen by members of the Vista Townsite Improvement Club, a group of aircraft believers who were also meeting at the time.

Dr. George Hunt Williamson, an anthropologist who was present, last five meetings of nine groups in the Los Angeles area.

LIGHTED OBJECT HOVERS
OVER VISTA, CALIF.

The report of five believers in flying saucers were swelled considerably on January 11, 1953 by the addition of the appearance of an unidentified flying object in Vista, with nearly a hundred members of the Vista Civic Improvement Club practically witnessing the object as it hovered closely over the club was holding a dance.


- page 43 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   24 January 1958
                                                                       Ohio (Class 1½)

UFO Sighting                Jan. 24, 1958                   5:30 A M - 5:48 A M

Painesville at 5:30 A M, going west at high speed and very bright with red light on object.

Painesville sighted object at 5:50 A M going south at about 5,000 feet, watched it between 2 - 3 min, very bright and no shape.

Cleveland, Ohio, 5:40 A M very bright and seemed to look like a large star, then separated into two parts with bright points and windows could be seen with a dim red light at the front.

[Hand-drawn diagrams with annotations like "Dim Red Light", "Windows", and "Red Light"]

Call was made to Mitchells Mills Rd, Geauga County of sighting of UFO in the Northwest, then moved to the southwest making a number of circles around the area in counter clock fashion coming over the southwest at passed over her home at about 1000 feet. Mrs. [redacted] called her neighbors, Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] who also watched the object.

[redacted] called her husband and children and they watched it from their front porch as it went over their home. It was traveling very slow and seemed to be tipping from side to side.

Sighting was also seen by patrolman Mehmoof the Chardon Police. When he sighted the object he turned off radio in his car, and his motor. He heard no noise from object at passed over the Shopping Center in Chardon.

Object was also sighted by patrolman [redacted] of the Kirtland Hills Police and a car from the Russell Funeral Home at 5:48 A M.

[redacted] stated that as the object passed over her home she could hear a humming noise from the object.

The object was very bright and odd shaped. Large at front part and tapered to the back. Had red light on front end. Looked like a large jet but did not have this one shape. Attached object with glasses and seemed to look like a fourth of July sparkler, but could see rows of windows.


- page 44 -

No. Case (Information Only)                                   30 January 1958
                                                                        between Arequipa Peru
                                                                        Lima

UFO Stalls Car Engines in Peru: On January 30 a Peruvian lawyer, Dr. [redacted] was driving from Arequipa to Lima with his wife and her brother. At 11:15 p.m. they were 220 miles north of Arequipa on the Pan-American Highway, when their headlights went out and the engine died. Then they noticed an object descending from the sky; when it reached a height of about 150 feet, it stopped and hovered. It had the shape of a "flying saucer," of "incandescent" (presumably orange-red) color. For 8 minutes it remained completely motionless, then disappeared into the cloudy sky. A truck and a bus going to Lima were also stopped. Dr. [redacted] said that in all three vehicles the passengers felt a nervous shock before the UFO appeared.--La Prensa (N.Y.), Feb. 1, 1958. (Same as France and Levelland, Texas; one assumes that a lawyer is not a hoaxer.)


- page 45 -

