PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
July, August 1958

2. LOCATION
Udine, Italy

3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual ✓ Ground-Radar

4. SOURCE
Civilian

5. PHOTOS
XYes   Not
Rec'd

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
VARIOUS

7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

8. COURSE
NE and SE

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
See card.

10. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Satellite
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation

11. COMMENTS
Motion, description conform to satellite observations. Repeated report indicates object identical and not a different one each time. Pictures taken but not forwarded with the report. Without exact times and tracking data, specific identification cannot be made. However object very likely a satellite.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 53)


- page 1 -

Project Blue Book
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

On 19 July, 1958 at 0300 hrs., 8 pm at the agency of San Nicola Contin in Udine, Italy, a S.O. was at the office of Capt. Malgari, in service over a C.R. area, near Udine, Italy, observing a flying object.

The object was sighted by an Air Force radar and seen by Air Force personnel.

I would like to know the following:

(a) What is the Air Force's conclusion with this incident?
(b) What was the exact number of witnesses?
(c) Why did an Air Force officer tell one of the civilian witnesses that it was probably an airplane and it could be better if he didn't tell anyone of the incident?

Sincerely yours,

4cm1s

VHIC


- page 2 -

20 JULY
CHICAGO

2 October 1961

Dear Mr. [redacted]

A thorough search of the UFO files at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio failed to reveal the two cases you refer to in your letter of August 7th.

The closest we could come to the area and date was a sighting that occurred at 2107 GMT, July 20, 1958. This object was observed from a civilian aircraft for approximately 5 seconds and the conclusion was that the individual was observing a balloon.

I hope that this information is helpful.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Director of CUFORP
Chicago 18, Illinois


- page 3 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-E/Major Friend                                                                     29 SEP 1961
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information (David Daughters)

TO:   Hq USAF (SAFOI-3c - Major Coleman)

1. Reference the attached letter to SAFOI from Mr. [redacted] dated 7 August 1961 requesting information on the USAF UFO program.

2. The cases referenced in Mr. [redacted] letter could not be found in the FTD files. It is possible that these sightings occurred but reports of their occurrence never got into Air Force channels.

3. The FTD files contained a Chicago sighting which occurred at 2107Z on 20 July 1958. This object which was observed from a civilian aircraft for approximately 5 seconds was concluded to be a balloon.

EDWARD H. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

1 Atch
Ltr fm [redacted] dtd
7 Aug 61.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Civilian U.F.O. Research
CHICAGO 16, ILLINOIS
KEYSTONE

7 August 1961

Major William T. Coleman
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division, USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Major Coleman:

I have long been trying to learn the outcomes of Air Force investigations of two UFO sightings in the Chicago area. After unsuccessful attempts to learn the results by writing to Air Force Headquarters, I sent a letter on Sept. 9, 1960 to Office of Information Services, Chicago.

On 22 Sep 60, I received a letter signed by Major Philip Salk, who said that my letter had been forwarded for necessary action. On 26 Sep 60, a letter from Lt. Col. Tacker stated that he had received the letter and was "checking the matter with the Fighter-Interceptor Squadron which was stationed at O'Hare Air Force Base during that period."

He further stated, "When we received the information, it will be forwarded to you." I have not heard a word since then.

A brief resume of each case follows:

(a) 4 Nov 57 - Elmwood Park, Ill. - Early morning. Police and fire personnel in a patrol car observed an object that glowed red-orange. The incident was immediately reported to O'Hare AFB and the witnesses were questioned by Air Force officers.

(b) 19 Jul 58 - Des Plaines, Ill. - early morning. Three men observed a bright red object as it passed overhead, hovered momentarily over O'Hare, then take off at high speed. The incident was immediately reported to Des Plaines Police Dept. The following day, one witness contacted O'Hare AFB and reported the sighting. Des Plaines Journal also contacted Air Force officials.

I would like to know the official conclusions in these cases in accordance with AFR 200-2, section 9.

In a letter to you which accompanied the July issue of our monthly publication, I requested a comment on our disagreement over the handling of sightings involving only one witness. I would still appreciate comment.

If a DOD news release on the subject has been released (in an earlier letter, you said sometime in August), I would also like to have a copy of that. Thank you.

[Signature area is blacked out]
Director of CUFOR

4/1


- page 5 -

Civilian U.F.O. Research
[Letterhead with address in Chicago 18, Illinois]

3 October 1961

Major William T. Coleman
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division, USAF
Pentagon Building
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Major Coleman:

On 10 June 1961, at your request, I sent you information regarding a sighting of an unidentified flying object over Rushville, Nebraska early in January, 1951. I would appreciate knowing, in accordance with AFR 200-2, section 5, the outcome of the official study into this sighting.

Would you please send me a copy of the latest DOD News Release on the subject?

On 7 August 1961, I requested information regarding two Chicago-area sightings (4 Nov 57, Elmwood Park 19 Jul 55, Des Plaines, Ill.) I have been trying to obtain information about these incidents for over a year. If I cannot get it through normal channels, I may be forced to seek assistance, as I have done before.

On 11 September 1961, I requested information regarding a series of UFO reports (30 Aug 61, 5 Sep 61) over Cincinnati, Ohio. I would like to know the official conclusion in this case, in accordance with AFR 200-2, section 8.

Major, I have a considerable amount of patience and I feel you are competent for the work you are doing. I hope you will provide the information requesting, thereby insuring that both these characteristics will remain unchanged.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
Director
Civilian UFO Research

4/1


- page 6 -

6 October 1961

Dear Mr.

In an earlier letter I replied to you concerning the sightings you mentioned in previous correspondence.

The latest Department of Defense release on the subject of UFOs is enclosed. I had forwarded you this release several month back. It will be several weeks before the new fact sheet is published.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Director, Civilian UFO Research
Chicago 18, Illinois


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

INFO ONLY                20 JULY 1958

Flying Saucer-Like Object
Reported Seen in N. Japan
SAPPORO, Hokkaido (Kyodo) — A flying saucer was back again in Japan today.

An object resembling a flying saucer was reported observed near the U.S. Chitose Air Base in southwestern Hokkaido Thursday night.

CHITOSE (UFT)— Air force 1st. Col. Van Hargole, Chitose Information officer, said daily inquiries that "no such incident occurred" were being investigated. However, that presumably regards some unidentified object from reporting an unidentified object.

A maintenance worker at the base claimed today he had seen the object at around 8:10 p.m. A man on duty at the base's central tower also reported seeing with the naked eye a reddish, star-like object moving north at a height of some 300 feet at the western end of the base.

U.S. Air Force radar was reported to have caught an unidentified object circling over the base and moving toward the south at around 8:20 p.m.

The U.S. Far East Command in Tokyo was immediately notified. Transportation Ministry Civil Aviation officials stationed at Chitose, said there were no aircraft from Chitose base in flight at the time.

He added that the weather was good. Therefore, he did not believe that an unnatural phenomenon.

In the second instance, an unidentified flying object had been reported detected at Chitose base. The last instance was in the summer of last year.

In Tokyo, a ceremony commemorating the third anniversary of the founding of the Japan Flying Saucer Research Society was held this afternoon at the Nambu Rosai Kaikan Hall in Otemachi.

Hajime Shimura, an expert on flying saucers, will give a lecture. Exhibitions of the strange objects reported to have been seen by people around the world will be on display at the hall. The hall is located about two-minutes walk from the Otemachi Station on the Keihin Line of the National Railway.


- page 8 -

1 - 11 AUGUST 1958 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                    OBSERVER    PHOTO    EVALUATION

*Aug    Phoenix, Arizona             -           -        Other (POOR PHOTO PROCESS)
*Aug    Central, New Jersey          -           -        Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
*Aug    Tacoma, Washington           Multi       -        Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
*Aug    Las Vegas, Nevada            -           -        Insufficient Data
*Aug    Salamanca, New York          -           -        Other (CHAFF)
*3      Spring Lake, Michigan        -           -        Insufficient Data
*3      Tioga, North Dakota          -           -        Astro (MARS)
*3      Dayton, Ohio                 -           -        Balloon
*3      Houston, Texas               -           -        Aircraft
*3      New York State               -           -        Insufficient Data
*3      Ponce City, Oklahoma         -           -        Insufficient Data
*4      Rapid City, South Dakota     -           -        Aircraft
*4      Fort Lavaca, Texas           -           -        Insufficient Data
*4      Marlboro, New York           -           -        Aircraft
*4      Troy Hill, New Jersey        -           -        Aircraft
*4      Malmstrom AFB, Montana       Military    Vis & RADAR    Astro (METEOR)
*5      Dayton, Ohio                 Multi       -        Aircraft (RADAR REPORT)
*5      Plumbrook, Great Neck, Levittown, New York    Military Mil & Civ    Aircraft (NAVIGATION LIGHT)
*5      Texarkana, Arkansas          -           -        Astro (METEOR)
*5      Shrewsbury, New Jersey       Military    Air/Vis  Insufficient Data
*6      Warwick Parrish, Bermuda     -           -        Insufficient Data
*6      Tripoli, Libya               Military    -        Astro (METEOR)
*7      Chalmette, Louisiana         -           -        Aircraft
*7      St Louis, Missouri           -           -        Aircraft
*8      Concord, California          -           -        Insufficient Data
*8      Wadsworth, Ohio              -           -        Other (BRASS TUBING)
*8      Flat Rock, Michigan          Military    (PHYSICAL S)   Insufficient Data
*9      Minot, North Dakota          -           -        Astro (METER)
*9      St Louis, Missouri           -           -        Balloon
*9      Roswell, New Mexico          -           -        Astro (METEOR)
*10     Trent, Texas                 -           -        Astro (METEOR)
*10     Uruguay                      -           -        Astro (METEOR)
*11     Collinsville, Illinois       CIOVI       -        Astro (METEOR)
*11     Arvada, Colorado             -           -        Insufficient Data
*11     Osel Island, Gulf of Finland Military    (RADAR)  Other (MISSILE)
*11     Ocean, New York              -           -        Insufficient Data
*11     Montauk, New York            -           -        Aircraft
*11     Erie, Pennsylvania           Coast Guard -        Aircraft (REFUSL OPR)
*11     Breckenridge, Texas          -           -        Astro (METEOR)
*11     Lincoln, Omaha, Nebraska     Multi       (Mil & Civ)   Astro (METEOR)
*11     Rock Springs & Rawlins, Wyoming   Multi  -        Insufficient Data

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                    SOURCE      EVALUATION

Aug     Universe                    Science News Ltr     -
1       Fayetteville, North Carolina    -       -
1       Portland, Oregon             Ltr        -
3       Washington, D.C.             Newclipping -
3       New Jersey                   Newclipping -

(Handwritten note at bottom: "in following folder")


- page 9 -

Country: Italy

Set 1/A, Card 1/1

Info Spec: DR/pop
Distr: USIA

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT: A luminous object flying about 450 kms above the earth at a speed of about 16,500 kms an hour was seen over Udine for the 12th time at 1950 hours local time on Aug. 19. The object was pursued by jets which took photographs of it. (Rome, ANSA, Aug. 20, 1958)

September 25, 1958

Country: Italy
Subject: Report of Unidentified Flying Objects
Source: Italian newspaper "ALTO ADIGE"
Flying Officer: Robert G. Lindsey, Major, USAF, AIRA

Set 1/A, Card 1/3

Info Spec: CR/KT/gw
Meter: 1A2a/1B1a/1B2g/1B3g/AF3-3 eye

UNCLASSIFIED
NG f: None
AF f: 1197640
Rpt f: DR-389-58
Agency: OAIRA, Rome, Italy
D.R.: 10 Sep 58
D.I.: 22 Aug 58
Eval: C-5
Ref: BAIR 460; AFR 200-2; A-2506 and Project SPACE TRACK as available

Entire Document

1. The following is a translation of an article which appeared in the 22 August 1958 issue of the Italian newspaper "ALTO ADIGE" (Bolzano):
A FLYING SAUCER IN THE SKY OVER UDINE

Udine, 21 Aug 58 - A mysterious flying object is periodically appearing in the Friuli sky. Many people, for some time, have been convinced that it is a "flying saucer."

The origin of this belief lies in the mysterious appearance of a luminous object in the sky above this region, which has taken place since last July under various forms, although with certain similarities. In July, in fact, the passage has been reported of a highly luminous object whose identification still remains a mystery. From 8 August, punctually...


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Set 1/A, Card 3/3                                Italy                                MG #, None
                                                                                        Rpt #, TR-389-58

which manifests itself rarely but which I could verify through pictures I took during the past few nights in those 7 minutes and 50 seconds, the constant time of appearance of the object.

The phenomenon of the "firefly", as many Udines have dubbed the luminous object, was, however, noticed by very many people whose testimony cannot be doubted. It was seen also at Grado by many witnesses, as the Reclamation Consortium of the Grado District, has stated. Furthermore, a group of amateur astronomers of Udine have succeeded in carrying out a most interesting experiment. Monday evening in the open country over a distance of 10 kilometers cameras have been placed which have photographed the object during its trip through the sky of Friuli. It appears through calculations based on trigonometry, that the height of the "firefly" is about 450 kilometers and its speed approximately 1.5 kilometers per second, equal to 16,500 kilometers per hour. Tuesday evening, at 9 p.m. the first "flying saucer" was peacefully crossing the sky of Italian territory. In flight, this special observation unit has its base in the nearby airport of Rivolto. It is believed that the experiment has photographed the object with the most sensitive cameras.

COMMENT OF THE REPORTING OFFICERS: This office has requested various observations located through channels. Truly, to furnish additional information on the sighting and possibly identify the object. The sighting was over United States satellites. March 12, 1959

Set 1/A, Card 2/3                                Italy                                MG #, None
                                                                                        Rpt #, TR-389-58

every night in the sky above Udine a silent flying object appears which, it is reported, emits an intermittent light of considerable intensity.

Both the first and second "flying saucer" were sighted and studied by Professor Dino di Colbertaldo, a teacher of the Milan University who in this season is living in Friuli, but the phenomenon, which takes place also over the city and villages of the area, was observed by almost the entire population.

The professor, in new studying the photographs taken with a powerful telescopic objective lens during the passages of the mysterious object a few nights ago, the first object which made its appearance in July, he explained, processed the sky at high speed from southwest to northeast and left a luminous track of a certain intensity, with very brief interruptions. The last object, instead, moves from northwest to southeast at a slower speed with very brief flashes of light and long periods of darkness.

"I discovered it on Friday", the Professor continues, "just while it was at the apex of its trajectory, and I followed it as far as the horizon. Monday evening it reappeared on the same route and with identical conditions of visibility, and the same happened on every subsequent night, with a regular advance of 12 minutes.

The peculiarity of the phenomenon," Professor Dr Colbertaldo added, "is in the fact that the luminous body, in addition to the fundamental progress forward, it is endowed with an irregular sign-wave motion and, at the same time, with a rotatory movement around an axis; finally, it also has another movement in a narrow spiral.


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

394

ASTRONOMY

Brilliant Sky Seen in July
An unusually brilliant display of stars and planets will
be seen in the southern sky during July. Jupiter will be the
brightest object, with the exception of the moon.

By JAMES STOKLEY

▶ TWO BRIGHT PLANETS, Jupiter and
Saturn, have joined with the stars of the
summer evening to make an unusually brilliant display in the southern sky.

These are shown on the accompanying
star map, which shows how the sky looks
at about 10 p.m. in the middle of July
and time (add one hour for daylight saving
time) at the first of July, and an hour earlier
in the middle of the month.

The most brilliant evening object, with
the exception of the moon, will be Jupiter,
in the southwest close to the star Spica
which is part of the constellation of Virgo,
the virgin. Spica is about a tenth as bright
as Jupiter.

Just below Jupiter is the south, you can see
Saturn, which is about a sixth as bright as
Jupiter. This planet is in Ophiuchus, the
serpent-bearer, just above Scorpius, the scorpion. The brightest star in the later group
is Antares, which is distinctly red in color.

Venus Brightest Star
The brightest star now visible surpasses
Saturn, but not Jupiter. This is high in the
east and is shown on the map of the northern half of the sky. It is Vega, in Lyra, the
lyre. Just below is Cygnus, the swan, with
bright Deneb, and to the right of this figure
is the bright star Altair, in Aquila.

High in the southwest, above Virgo, you
can find Bootes, the bear-driver, in which
stand Arcturus, These six stars, Vega,
Arcturus, Altair, Spica, Antares and Deneb,
are among the brightest stars on the astronomical scale of brilliance.

Among stars that are somewhat fainter,
although they are familiar, are those of
Sagittarius, the archer, seen in the south
near the horizon. This constellation resembles a teapot, with the spout to the
right, close to the curved row of stars that
form the scorpion's tail.

The big dipper, mainly of stars of the
second magnitude, hangs in the northwest,
near the Ursa Major, the great bear. The
north star, Polaris, is at the end of one of
the "pointers".

By following their line to the right, you
can locate Polaris, the polestar, which is in
Ursa Minor, the lesser bear. Further right,
in the same direction, is Cassiopeia, looking, and below is Cassiopeia, the queen,
marked by a group of stars forming the
letter W.

Another interesting although fainter constellation is shown directly overhead. This
is Hercules, named after the strong man of
mythical lore. Six of the stars of this group,
in the western part of the constellation, outline the very appropriate figure of a but-

terfly. The body runs east and west, with
one wing to the north and the other to the
south.

During July two other planets appear
later at night.

Around midnight Mars rises, in Pisces,
the fishes, and is recognized by its red color, as well as its brilliance. Mars is steadily approaching the earth, for a
relatively close visit of 45,000,000 miles in
November. On July 16 it will be at the
nearest point to the earth, about 34,000,000 miles away.

Venus is Early Riser
Venus, even brighter than Jupiter, appears in the northeast about two hours
before sunrise. And about July 26 Mercury
will be furthest east of the sun, remaining
above the western horizon after sunset for
a short time, but not long enough to be
seen easily.

At this time of year, soon after the beginning of summer, it is fairly late in the
evening before the sky gets really dark and
the stars can be seen in their full glory.
But, for the same reason, this is a good
time to observe the interesting but seldom
noticed appearance of the earth's shadow
after sunset.

It is generally known that, at an eclipse
of the moon, the edge of our planetary
shadow can be seen. Less generally well-known is the fact that every clear
evening you can see the shadow in the
earth's atmosphere.

After the sun has set, look in the opposite
direction, which is to the east, and you will
find at your local time of sunset, or a little after, a black line in the sky. But shortly, underneath the pink, there is a dark band, which gradually enlarges, as its upper edges climbs
higher. This is actually the shadow of the
earth, cast by the sunlight that is still shining
on the atmospheric haze in the east, making
it brighter; so below, where the earth shades

it, it looks darker. This effect appears
mainly in the tropics, up to a height
of 10 to 15 degrees above the horizon
last, and not in the stratosphere, at higher
levels.

Although this shadow gradually climbs
to the zenith, and then descends in the
west, it is not often noticed. There is
then there is a second shadow in the east
which repeats the phenomenon of the first.
The light rays that produce this are not
coming directly from the sun. They result
from the sunlight that is still shining in
higher parts of the atmosphere, beyond the
western horizon, on which the sun is still
shining.

Looking to the western sky in the early
evening before sunrise, you may see a
similar effect in reverse, with the shadows
starting high and descending to the horizon, finally disappearing completely as the
sun rises in the east.

There are some other interesting appearances in the sky at sunrise. Sometimes, far
from the sun, hidden behind clouds, or
even with the clouds behind the horizon.
These are the crepuscular, from "crepusculum" which is Latin for "twilight", rays.
Like searchlight beams, these rays are visible on account of the scattering of their light
by the atmospheric dust. At times they have
an irregular upper edge and the rays of sunlight shine through the gaps, toward you.
Like searchlight beams, these are visible
on account of the scattering of their light
by the atmospheric dust. They seem sometimes to converge, toward the sun, because
of perspective, like the parallel tracks of
a railroad.

Spectrums and the "Green Flash"
And then sometimes, just as the sun disappears behind the horizon, the last bit of
its upper edge that you see may turn momentarily a brilliant green. This is called
the "green flash."

What happens in this case is that the
long layer of atmosphere through which
the sun's light has to pass, on the way to
your eyes, acts as a prism, spreading out
the sun out into a vertical spectrum, red at
the bottom, with the blue, green, orange,


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Science News Letter for June 21, 1958

SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS

yellow, green, blue and violet, above. But
seems the sun presents the appearance of
a disc, the red from one part is mixed with
the green from another, and the spectrum
is not a very pure one.

At the last moment, before sunset, however, when only a thin slice of the sun is
still visible, this does not
part of the disc is
occur, and the spectrum becomes purer.

All this happens in the distance, beyond
the horizon. The red, orange and yellow
rays are bent downwards so much that they
do not get beyond the horizon, to your
eye.

The blue and the violet rays, which would
be on top, are absorbed by the great thickness of atmosphere through which they have
to pass, so they do not reach you at all.
This gives the sun its yellow color. Because the sun is about to show a green flash, just
before it disappears from view.

The same thing may happen as the sun
is rising, and the first bit to appear may
show this green color. But the effect is not
a common one; conditions have to be just
right for it to appear. That is probably
why, according to an old Scottish legend,
the person who has seen it would never
be deceived in love, for it was supposed to

give that person the magical power to look
clearly into one's own heart and into the
hearts of others!

Celestial Time Table for July

1 10:04 a.m.   Full moon.
3 3:00 p.m.   Earth in aphelion (farthest
             from sun in year)—distance
             944,900m miles.

8 6:00 p.m.   Moon in apogee (farthest from
             earth for month)—distance
             251,100 miles.

9 7:21 p.m.   Moon in last quarter.
10 10:00 a.m. Moon passes Mars.
14 1:31 a.m.  Moon passes Venus.
16 1:33 p.m.  New moon.
21 6:00 a.m.  Moon in perigee (nearest for
             month)—distance 221,610
             miles.

22 10:43 p.m. Moon passes Jupiter.
26 1:00 p.m.  Mercury farthest east of sun.
29 10:33 p.m. Moon passes Saturn.
    early a.m. Meteors visible radiating from
             constellation Aquarius.

Subtract one hour for CST, two hours for
MST, and three for PST.

Science News Letter, June 21, 1958

BULGE IN THE SEA—New world maps based on gravity research at Ohio State University show many irregularities in the earth's surface. Dr. Weibke
A. Heiskanen, supervisor of the Air Force-sponsored project, indicates a "bulge" which the study has revealed at the western end of the Mediterranean Sea.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                   19 JULY 1958
                                                              DES PLAINES, ILLINOIS

3. The incident on July 19, 1958, wherein two delivery men and a gas station attendant at Des Plaines, Ill. observed a red fireball that zoomed silently across the sky, hovered for a few moments over O'Hare Int'l Airport, then shot away like a bullet.

I sincerely hope that you can furnish me with the above desired details, and I thank you for your time and trouble.

Sincerely yours,

Public Information Division
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Our files do not reveal a sighting in the DesPlaines, Illinois area on 19 July 1958. We do have a report on the 20th of July 1958 in the Crystal Lake area of Illinois. This sighting was a balloon sighted.


- page 14 -

Civilian U.F.O. Research
DIRECTOR
CHICAGO 16, ILLINOIS
KEYSTONE 8-8238

9 September 1960

Office of Information Services
Department of the Air Force
226 W. Jackson Blvd.
Chicago, Illinois

Gentlemen:

I have been trying to learn the conclusions by the Air Force of two sightings of unidentified flying objects in this area.

Correspondence with Lt. Col. L.J. Tacker, Office of Information, Washington, has brought a statement that they were not reported to the Air Force at ATIC. Since the sightings were reported to officials at O'Hare AFB, an identification must have been made by those officials, therefore ending the reports to ATIC (as per AFR 200-2, section 9).

If, however, they were not identified and not reported, this would constitute a violation of AFR 200-2, section 4, paragraph a.

Information regarding these sightings follows:

(a) 4 Nov 1957 - Elwood Park, Ill.-early morning. Two policemen and a fireman in a patrol car saw and attempted to follow a red-orange object that, at a time, maneuvered at low altitudes. At one time the lights on the patrol car dimmed, apparently due to the presence of the object. This object was immediately reported to O'Hare AFB and the witnesses were questioned by Air Force officers.

(b) 19 Jul 1958 - Des Plaines, Ill.- early morning. Three men at corner of Lee & Algonquin, Des Plaines, saw a bright red object pass overhead, silently, hover momentarily over O'Hare, then take off at very high speed. Sighting was reported to Des Plaines Police at 0345 hrs, 19 July. (Record Bureau Number 3135). The following day, Des Plaines contacted O'Hare and reported the sighting. The Des Plaines Journal also contacted Air Force officials.

I would like to know the official Air Force conclusion in these cases in accordance with AFR 200-2, section 9.

Respectfully yours,
Director

4/1


- page 15 -

Project Blue Book
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

On 19 July, 58 at 0300 hrs., 3 men at the corner of San and Algonquin in Des Plaines, Ill. S.W. Mt. Olga, some 20.... 2NCh. High Clifting, however over the area in some 20 s. and 3 min. duration.

The object was also sighted by Air Force radar and seen by Air Force personnel.

I would like to know the following:

(a) What is the Air Force's conclusion in connection with this incident?
(b) What was the exact number of witnesses?
(c) Why did an Air Force officer tell one of the civilian witnesses that it was probably an airplane and it would be better if he didn't tell anyone of the incident?

Sincerely yours,

40m;ls

Chicago 16, Ill.
23 Jan. 59


- page 16 -

19 JUN 5-7 216

10 February 1959

Dear [redacted]

Your letter of 23 January 1959, addressed to the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, concerning the unidentified flying object sighting at Des Plaines, Illinois, has been referred to this office for reply.

The United States Air Force has no record of this sighting.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

[redacted] Avenue
Chicago 18, Illinois

[Additional markings at bottom of page are partially illegible]


- page 17 -

