PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
D.R. 11 Mar 58

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT unknown

5. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Distorted object made of plastic, rubber & metal floating in the water.

2. LOCATION
In the sea
Off coast of Taichung, Taiwan

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
Up 1 ft
Ground-Radar

6. PHOTOS
Yes Physical
No Specimen

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. COMMENTS
Obj is believed to be a valve of some kind.

9. COURSE
N/A

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Possibly some kind
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

Country: Nationalist China
Subject: BLITZ EVALUATION

Sat 1/1, Card 1/3

Info Spec: DE/rep
Distr: NF3-3 cys/LB/LElg

SUBJECT: BLITZ EVALUATION
TO: ACS/Intelligence
Headquarters, USAF
ATTN: ACIN-1A1
Washington 25, D.C.

1. Reference: Taiwan IR-159-58 dated 11 March 1958.
2. Transmitted with above is Inclosure #2, under separate cover, by an unidentified object picked up in the sea off the coast of TAICHUNG, Taiwan, and turned over to the Chinese Nationalist Air Force. The purpose and use of this object is unknown.
3. This object was loaned to this office for the purpose of identification with the understanding that the report of findings and object (Incl #2 to IR-159-58) be returned to the Chinese Nationalist Air Force.

[Additional markings on document include:
- "UNCLASSIFIED"
- Rpt #: 23246-A
- Rpt #: None Given
- w/incl 1 - IR-159-58 w/photos 1 thru 7-G
- Agency: American Embassy, Taipei, Taiwan
- D.R.: March 11, 1958
- Classification Cancelled]


- page 2 -

Set 1/1, Card 2/3                                   MO #: 2326-A
Nationalist China                                            Rpt #: None Given

4. It is believed that assistance to the CNAF in this matter could lead to possible release of other material which might come into their hands in the future.

Entire Enclosure
This report contains photographs and a descriptive drawing of an unidentified object picked up at sea by fisherman off the coast of Taichung, Taiwan. (JBL Annotation: See MO for photos of object)

The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page.


- page 3 -

Set 1/1, Card 3/3
Nationalist China                                UNCLASSIFIED

[A technical diagram of an object, labeled with letters from A to O, showing a 20" long device with various sections]

Materials Legend:
A, B - Black soft rubber
C, D, J - Milk White Plastic
F, G - Transparent Plastic
I, K, L, M - Aluminum Alloy
N, O - Black Rubber

2 Enclosures to Enclosure
1. 3x5 photos (numbered 1 thru 7) of object, 1 print ea.
2. Object as shown in above photos (sent direct to ATIC separately)
(4th) Annotation: Inclosure #1 received)

May 13, 1958

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO.                                                      SECURITY CLASSIFICATION (U step)

                                                               XL-157-53        OFFCL

SUBJECT: Request Necessary Info. & Initiate Analysis
FROM AFCIN-462Y                                               DATE 8 Aug. 1958     COMMENT NO. 1
TO: AFCIN-462Y
     ATTN: G.L. ARNOLD

1. This office is in receipt of attached docs of perpetuating to be UFO and carrying a classification.

2. No action can be taken to analyze or otherwise identify any alleged UFO without correlating data such as the time, place, circumstances, as well as the SOURCES names.

3. Therefore, request that action be taken to contact your SOURCE and obtain data required by the Department of The Air Force on all UFOs - by having him complete the official questionnaire in as much detail as possible, and return it to This Center.

4. A report of the parts indicates that the object, intended (apparently) as a repository and blank for some log files not vital to the record end not found to be part of the object is intended to be a "check a continuing place" The mass (or clgs.) supported now was designed for high-velocity entry or application.

5. During the past nine months the Air Force has recalled a number of similar objects (see attached photographs) which ATIC has found to be hoaxes and attempt fraudster. In these objects, it has pointed out the work of misery and misrepresent involved. Therefore, this is instituted a action to prosecute, where

[Bottom of form shows Form 96 and a note that it replaces NME FORM 96, 1 OCT 45, WHICH MAY BE USED]


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Incl: action is deemed warranted with the same WS
Federal Code applicable to the function of the FBI
which as follows: - - - any person
joining or suggesting - who have directly or indirectly
violate, solicit or otherwise violate the policy under
and function of the body politic (ie the U.S. Govt) in its
delegated agencies (the CIA form is then coming) in acting to
the best interests, welfare or security of its people - shall
be held liable to the fullest extent of the law with
fine and imprisonment up to - - - etc. etc."

6. Therefore, if in your opinion the person a source
(turning the object over to you to government investigation)
is only giving) is attempting to perpetuate a hoax, it was
suggested that this act be made known to this office,
together with the accomplished UFO government postmortem.

7. Would also like a statement indicating why the
object is considered to fall under the "fully" or
"usual" category, firmly establishing that this a
UFO, in contrast to a UFO (unidentified ground object)
or a UWO (Unidentified Water Object). The former is
the responsibility of the Army or local authorities, the
latter, that of the Navy in Coast Guard.

8. Your cooperation in this matter would be
appreciated. Our file has been reported on
the incident, officially.

Incls:
1. UFO - Stat. N/GG)
2. Memo
3. Official AF msg ltr
   Incl comments
   Photos + Rept. Cliff Pueblo House

[Signature appears at bottom right]


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED                                                                11 Mar 59

Hq FEAF, Taipei, Taiwan
Attn: AFFE-PD-T

1. Reference is made to object transmitted to this Center as Inclosure No. 2 to
(Rl)75-58, 4th Taiwan, for the purpose of identification and evaluation.

2. Of the personnel at this Center who have reviewed this object, no one has
been able to state conclusively that it is.

3. Several details tend to strongly suggest that it is a float, controlling a valve
or other control attached to the end of the cold rod. These details are:

    a. The polyethylene bottle generally forms a cross-mesh-net, sharp
    unbreakable flask, since it is a sealed container.

    b. Section (U) bore cartridge, insulation, etc., which could be used to
    provide connection with a mechanism, such as a valve, to be activated in accord with
    the float's motion.

    c. The hemisphere of sponge rubber (6) on the flat end of the bottle is
    evidently for protection of shocks and effects of blows as the float moves in its
    channel.

    d. The lower metal collar bears a black marking of white (6), joining a
    hermetic seal through which the rod might operate in another physical motion.

    e. The American of this inner plastic channel with its metallic parts is
    not known. It may possibly be a sign of adjusting the length of the rod (1) projecting below the float - or it may be a tri-purpose mechanism of some sort.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 7 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Hq 6964-58
Air Attaché, Taipei, Taiwan

Col Donald H. Prank, Air Attaché

6o. This evaluation is not intended to be complete by any means, but since no supporting information of value was received further analysis and identification cannot be made at this time. In case additional background information regarding the possible origin of the item becomes available, this Center could perhaps be of further assistance.

COORDINATION:

ATIC-XPD--------------------------
CHARGED to: Arnold                 DATE: ---------------

10 Apr 58
Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
ACIN-AIDO
Francis R. Jaeckel

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 8 -

