The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text output from the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
2. LOCATION
Collinsville, Illinois
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
4 Witnesses
4. SOURCE
D Air Visual
5. DATE-TIME GROUP
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object going faster than a jet, going approx. North, Green and white lights flashing, turn was instantaneous, Same down to ground. Possible meteor except the turn indicated would indicate this was not, through it was observed for over 1 minute. Could not determine actual size distance or altitude.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Possible Meteor
Possibly Balloon
Possibly Aircraft
Possibly Astronomical

11. COMMENTS
Possible "Meteor" except the turn indicated would rule this out, through it was listed as instantaneous. Insufficient data for evaluation. Unknown.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

To whom it may concern,

I understand it is the desire of the Air Force that persons who feel they have observed some unusual flying object make a report to your office.

On Aug. 10, 1958 my twelve (12) year old son had retired for the night and was lying in his bed looking out the window when he saw a "flying saucer". He is a very truthful and dependable sort of person and the manner in which he told us of his experience makes me feel sure that he was telling the truth. 

This sighting occurred about 9:30 P.M., the weather was fair, the wind about 5 to 10 miles m.p.h. and he saw this object for about 2 seconds. From the altitude at which he observed it, it appeared to be about the size of a smaller plane. It made no sound. It seemed round with sort of a bump on top. It traveled faster than any jet. He said it came straight down from a very high altitude, then made a 90 degree turn and flew north. It was an odd greenish white color with purple lights, possibly coming from windows.

Sincerely,

- page 2 -

The image contains a document cover sheet from Project Blue Book, labeled "COVER SHEET" at the top. The document appears to be about an "Unidentified Flying Object" case. There is no photograph visible in this image.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

COVER SHEET
DATE  SUBJECT
(U) Unidentified Flying Object
ROUTING
IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT
SAGIS-3 - Attn: Maj. Tacker 
FROM: AFOIN-4ER
COMMENTS (See reverse, if necessary):
1. There is very little information in this case to form a valid conclusion as to the nature of her sighting.
2. It is doubtful the young boy, living down and looking through a possibly dusty window, could be oriented enough to say the object turned north or south. The color of the object strongly suggests a fireball. However, the maneuver is apparently due to a slight oscillation in the object, as this could have been misinterpreted at this point. It is definitely a night case and the object appears to have been illuminated at this point.

(Signed)
ARVIN L. K. MILLER
Lt Col, USAF
AFOIN-4E

- page 3 -

