PROJECT 1007 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
Dec 1958

2. LOCATION
Incirlik AFB, Turkey

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 11/29/58

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-In Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
110 - 517.20

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
not given

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj of dull color, long & slender w/slow (probably jet trail pipe) in rear. No other lights. Obj was silhouetted against lights of city of Adana. Unable to estimate size, but appeared smaller than F-100. No tail or wing surface observed. Obj proceeded in Adana to Incirlik AB, then climbed rapidly out of sight.

11. COMMENTS
The maneuvers & description are characteristic of an a/c...

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☒ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY

22 Dec 58
Poland

Source: 1010th - SKG 6.3

Photo of UFO taken by Dr.
Stanislaw Kowalczewski
over Krynica-Murzyna, Po-
land, on Dec 22, 1958

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with a dark object in the sky, described as a UFO.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

XACTS
XSQX03SHQA237
PP RJEDS9
DE RJCZHQ 323
P 241922Z
TN COMDR 56 ARSO WHEELES AB LIBYA
TO CSAF WASHDC
UNCLAS USBL 758
COMDR ARSS (ATLANT) DET 3
3 AR SUPP
AFO COMDR 17 AF WHEELES AB LIBYA

There is also a "TELEPHONED TO" stamp on the right side of the document with some handwritten notes, and some handwritten numbers "2454" and "344x22" at the bottom right of the page.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

CONDR DET 1ST TUGLOG
CONDR ATIC WPASE OHIO

NICHOLAS EFTO/CIRVIS CITE 55 ARO 1-A-2 W CONTINUED
T THE 3 OF 6 DASH TWO THREE ONE FIVE ZULU THE AIRCRAFT OF GLOBRA CHARLIE
DASH FIVE FOUR SERIAL NUMBER TWO SIX SIX FIVE ONE FIVE EIGHT AIR RESCUE
SQUADRON CON ALTA PAPA OSCAR TWO THREE OF ONE WHILE FLYING IN THE
VICINITY OF INCIRLIK AIR BASE CON TURKEY CON SIGHTED AN UNIDENTIFIED
FLYING OBJECT ON UNIFORM PORTROT OSCAR WAS FULL COLOR CON NO POSITION

WHAT COLOR?

PAGE TWO RJZHO 323

OR OTHER LIGHTS CON BUT WAS SILHOUETTED AGAINST THE LIGHT OF THE
CITY OF ADANA CON IN BRIGHT MOON LIGHT PO OBJECT APPEARED RELATIVELY
LONG AND SLENDER WITH GLOW CON PROBABLY JET TAIL FIRE CON AT REAR
PD UNABLE TO ESTIMATE EXACT SIZE BUT APPEARED SMALLER THAN PORTROT
DASH ONE ZERO ZERO PD NO WALLS OR TAIL SURFACE OBSERVED PD FIRST
SIGHTED AT ALTITUDE OF APPROXIMATELY FIVE THOUSAND FEET CON AND
APPROXIMATE TRACK OF ZERO SOUTH ZERO DEGREES CON THE CIVILIAN
AIRPORT AT ADANA CON THEN PROCEEDED AT HIGH RATE OF SPEED OVER
CITY TO AREA OF INCIRLIK AIR BASE CON FLEW PARALLEL TO RUNWAY WHILE
PD ZERO CON THEN TURNED TO APPROXIMATE HEADING OF ZERO SIX ZERO
DEGREES AND CLIMBED RAPIDLY OUT OF SIGHT PD UNABLE TO ESTIMATE
TIME BUT ESTIMATE ONE ZERO TO ONE FIVE MILES AWAY THEN OBJECT
PUT OUT OF SIGHT PD INCIRLIK TOWER WAS NOTIFIED AND TOWER ADVISED
WHICH FRIENDLY AIRCRAFT IN AREA PD COULD CHARLIE ALFA WAS NOT
OPERATING NOTE:


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

516

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for November 29, 1958

ASTRONOMY

Winter Stars Shine
The December skies offer the astronomer much to observe: the brilliant planet Mars, several prominent constellations and the Geminid shower of meteors.

By JAMES STOKLEY

★ ALTHOUGH RAPIDLY drawing away from us, the planet Mars is still conspicuous in the December skies.
From a distance of about 47,700,000 miles on Dec. 1, it recedes to 67,200,000 miles at the end of the month. At the same time it stays in brightness a full magnitude, on the astronomer's brightness scale, that is, about 40% of what it was Dec. 1. But even then it will be a prominent object in the evening sky, one of the stars now visible.

The accompanying map shows the skies' appearance at about 10 p.m., standard time, on the first of December. By the middle of the month, the map will serve at 9:00 p.m., and at the end they will have the same appearance at eight o'clock. Mars is high in the south, in the constellation of Aries, the ram.

Now, the map and author's text point out several prominent constellations, containing many bright stars, that will be high in the south on midwinter evenings. This group is responsible for the brilliance of the winter skies.

Hyades and Pleiades

To the left of Mars stands Taurus, the bull, with a first-magnitude star that is distinctly red in color, named Aldebaran. This is part of the V-shaped star cluster of stars called the Hyades. Higher and to the right of the Hyades there is another and more compact cluster called the Pleiades. Here six cars can normally be seen with the naked eye, but use of a pair of binoculars will reveal many more.

Orion is one of the most prominent of all constellations. This is Orion, the only constellation visible from the United States that contains two stars of the first magnitude. These are Betelgeuse and Rigel, as shown on the maps. Between them are three stars in a row that form the belt of the warrior, the figure that the stars of Orion were supposed to form, as depicted on old maps.

Low in the southeast and east are two star groups representing Orion's dogs. Canis major, the greater dog, is now rather low, but the star Sirius, which is in this constellation, shines brightly. This is the one star that exceeds the end-of-the-month brightness of Mars. When Sirius is as low as it is shown here its brightness is somewhat dimmed by the amount of atmosphere that its light has to penetrate. When it is higher in the sky, it has a shorter path through the air, so there is less absorption.

The other dog is lesser Canis, Procyon. In it is the star called Procyon. Above it, partly on the map of the northern sky, partly on the southern, are Gemini, the twins. The two bright stars here are Castor and Pollux. Still higher in the northeast is Capella in the constellation of Auriga, the charioteer. And overhead, at the times for which the maps are drawn, is Perseus, the champion, with its bright star Algol. Its light is dimmed every few days as a darker companion passes in front of the brighter component, and causes a partial eclipse.

In the northwest there are still visible two stars that were prominent on summer evenings: Vega in the constellation Lyra and Deneb in the reason of their low altitude. Just above the horizon is Vega, all that is shown of Lyra, the lyre. Above it is Cygnus, the swan, in which Deneb is the brightest star.

The sun is also a star, the nearest of all, and its path is running through space, in the general direction of the star Vega. But as it goes, at a speed of about 12 miles per second, it carries the earth, as well as the other planets, along with it. Therefore it is not entirely correct to say, as we often do, that the path of the earth is an ellipse.

[The rest of the text includes descriptions of star charts and their symbols]


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR NOVEMBER 29, 1958                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                .

THE FIELDS

PHYSICS
H-Bomb Explosion Causes
Artificial Aurora

A HYDROGEN BOMB exploded high
in the air can cause a bright artificial
aurora.

The man-made auroral display was seen
by J. G. Keys, chief of the Upper Atmosphere Research Branch at the Naval
Greenwich Time on Aug. 1. At the same
time there was a sudden increase in magnetic activity at Apia.

A hydrogen bomb was exploded by U.S.
scientists high in the upper atmosphere over
Johnston Island on Aug. 15, 1958. The
aurora appeared that are seen in the tropics have
always been associated with severe world-
wide magnetic disturbances.

However, the Apia disturbance definitely
was not world-wide, Dr. A. L. Cullington
of the New Zealand's Department of Scientific and Industrial Research in Nature
said. (p 346)

Therefore, Dr. Cullington concludes
"There seems to be little doubt that the
unusual magnetic effects recorded at Apia
are related to this explosion and that the
man-made aurora was a manifestation
or artificial aurora due to a nuclear explosion in the upper atmosphere."

Since a study of the effects due to this
explosion may help understanding of the
magnetic disturbances, Dr. Cullington
called other stations in the Central Pacific to search further records for abnormal magnetic activity at the time.

Science News Letter, November 29, 1958

EDUCATION
Bent to Science Starts
In Home Before School

WHAT HAPPENS to a child while
being raised in the home may largely
determine whether he is likely to
be a scientist or go into some other life
work, persons at the Edison Foundation
Conference in Cincinnati learned.

Dr. Anne Roe, adjunct professor of
psychology, New York University, told
the conference that studies of scientists
in things and other people most interested
in people stem from the earliest experiences in infancy. The "thing" person can become
scientists and the "people" person develop
into a social scientist or a humanist.

Parents who want to raise their children
to be scientists, Dr. Roe advises, should
refrain from:
1. Treating them as overprotected "mothers'
children, giving them everything they

Suppressing natural curiosity by overprotection, such as stopping the handling of
things around the house due to fear of
breaking.

Not letting them follow the interests that
develop from their own attractions naturally.

While basic orientations toward science
and non-science do begin almost in the
cradle, schools do have a chance to reinforce science motivation and give essential
training. Dr. Roe emphasized. They can
help by giving children opportunities for
basic abilities to develop advantages of science.

Science education needs to do more than
discipline mind and impart facts, Dr. Roe
said. It should help children learn how a
scientist to give free play and also
be respectful of the method and spirit of
inquiry.

Science News Letter, November 29, 1958

PHYSIOLOGY
Low Temperatures Lessen
Kidney's Blood Flow

PROGRESSIVE induced reduction in
body temperatures probably causes a partial
decrease in the kidney's blood flow and
glomerular filtration rate.

This was reported by Dr. John H. Moyer
of the Hahnemann Medical College in Philadelphia at a meeting of the section on metabolism sponsored by the New York Academy of
Sciences. Hypothermic effects to body temperatures less than the normal.

Despite the decrease in glomerular filtration and renal blood flow during subnormal
temperatures, Dr. Moyer said, there is not
a proportionate decrease in the urine or medium excretion until the body is brought to
temperatures below 70 degrees centigrade
(about 70 degrees Fahrenheit). Below this
point urine volume and sodium excretion
are progressively reduced.

Reduction in kidney function is probably
not a result of the decrease in blood pressure
concurrent with hypothermia, since raising
the blood pressure with a special agent does
not affect the altered kidney function.

The study was conducted with Dr. Ralph W. Brauer of the Naval Radiological
Defense Laboratory in San Francisco told
how circulation in the liver is altered in
hypothermia. This is due to increased blood
viscosity and reduced blood flow from
cellular to intercellular resulting in
decreased liver volume.

Effects on the functional elements of the
liver, and Dr. Brauer, include changes in
secretory activity such as a sharp reduction
in bile flow.

Dr. Brauer, M. Berne of Western Reserve
University in Cleveland reported on the effects of hypothermia on the functions of the
heart. Contractility or myocardial heart tissue was not impaired in hypothermia, he said.

The report dealt with the effects of hypothermia. The reduction in coronary resistance is not large. A direct effect of cold
on the coronary vessels.

Science News Letter, November 29, 1958

MEDICINE
Blood in the Eye
Removed by Heart Drug

A DRUG used to treat certain heart conditions can help remove damaging blood
from the eye.

This is reported by Dr. Robert Stuckey,
University of California at Los Angeles
Medical School, who has been studying eye
hemorrhages.

The drug helps break down the blood in
the anterior chamber of the eye, which lies between the iris and cornea. Hyphema is the
occurrence when an object, such as a ball, hits
the eye, or following certain types of eye
surgery. If the blood is not absorbed, it can
linger for a long period of time, serious damage to the eye may result.

Dr. Stuckey was able to trace the course
of the blood in the eye by tagging red
blood cells with radioactive phosphorus and
found the red cells can leave the chamber
as whole red cells without hemolysis or
breaking up first. They leave in large numbers in the first two hours after the hemorrhage but slow down their rate of exit
considerably after that.

The drug, known as Dianos, a new addition to the Dianus group of drugs which
blood leaves the chamber by 21% over untreated control rabbits with hyphema. The
drug is being used to treat glaucoma.

Drugs which have been used to treat hyphema, such as those used in the past, are
being used less frequently.

Science News Letter, November 29, 1958

GEOGRAPHY
Sahara-Like Desert
Exists in South America

A DESERT in South America with moving sand dunes reminiscent of the Sahara
is described by Dr. Raymond E. Gist of the
University of Florida in a report to the
Smithsonian Institution.

Located in the Atacama region in northern Chile, this desert, which is as barren, modern, oil-rich Maracaibo, Venezuela, people live today very much as they
did on the Old World desert of Arabia in
the days of Abraham.

The desert extends for 1,000 kilometers
through this desert of Guajira, the Venezuelan and Colombian governments that
technically have jurisdiction have been
forced to recognize local laws and customs
and to grant a high degree of local cultural
autonomy.

The people, continuing to be Guajiros,
speak their own language, wearing their own
dress, and living their own mobile life.

As in most arid lands, rights to water are
more important than rights to land. And,
as in the Old World, water determines almost
a large part of the life of the people in carving their social patterns.

Science News Letter, November 29, 1958


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

of it; sea of winds, whirlpools, coastlines,
whales and plankton.

Laplace Transmutations—Philip Franklin
—Dyer; new ed., 360 p., publ. $4.75. Un-
abridged reprint of Fourier Method, first pub-
lished in 1908.

Lunar Altimeter—Efron—Wiley, 147 p., il-
lus., paper, $2.25. Introduces general reader
to the phenomena of reflection, refraction,
atmospheric transmission, and use of echoes

Louis Machines and Diagrams—Martin
Gardner—McGraw, 157 p., illus., $5. Traces
the history of logic devices and probes their
future.

Modern Science Quiz Book—Anne Orth
Epple and Lewis E. Epple, Jr.—Holt, 51 p.,
illus., $1.50. 650 questions and answers in
various fields of science. Ages 10 to 16.

Experimental Research—John S. Burlew, 
George Rees—Whitaker House, 152 p., illus.
by John Tappich. $3. Leads children to observe
and do their own experiments at home without
laboratory equipment.

Made Moon—Lee Freeland and Robert Wells,
preface by John B. Pigeon—Prentice Hall, rev.
ed., 246 p., illus., $3.50. Comprehensive popu-
lar explanation of the principles of rocketry
and the Minitrack tracking system.

Soviet Writings on Earth Satellites and
Space Travel—Ari Sternfeld and others—
Collet's, 252 p., $4.50. Translations of Rus-
sian stories on space science and the three sput-
niks, in English.

Space Travel—Willy Ley—Guild Press,
(Simon & Schuster), 244 p., illus. by John Pol-
hemus, $4. Fourth and last of Adventure in
Space series.

Structural Conversions in Crystalline
Systems and Their Importance for Geologi-
cal Processes—Wilhelm Eitel—Geological
Soc. of Am., 153 p., $4. Monograph on some of
the results of research in structural conversions.

The Structure of Arithmetic and Alge-
bra—May Hickey Muria—Wiley, 224 p., $5.90.
Fundamental concepts explained for the non-
technical reader by a teacher of secondary
school mathematics.

These, Etc., Planets—Anita Hewett—Ster-
ling, 33 p., illus. by Anne Marie Jaus, $2.50.
Easy-to-read children's book about the habits
of planets.

Trends in Genetic Analysis—G. Pontecorvo
—Columbia Univ. Press, 145 p., illus., $4.
Covers lectures reappraising the theory of
the gene.

Trends in Focus on the Uses of Learning and
Teaching in Today's College—Russell M. Coop-
er, Ed.—Univ. of Minn. Press, 117 p. $3. Is-
sued on papers presented at a conference on ed

(Continued on page 350)

TELLS HUMIDITY AT A GLANCE
It tells you just what the humidity is
from 10% to 100% by a simple
glance at the Humidity Chart. Hu-
midity from 10% to 50% by day or
night. Pocket & 5 Humidity Chart and
book of instructions complete only
$1.00

Best Book
Contest 158

$1000 Cash Awards plus $202 royalty. All types of
manuscripts. Entries free. Send for rules and details at
once. PAGEANT PRESS, 101 Fifth Ave., N. Y. 3


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

nearly circular. Actually we are moving in
a helix, a three dim sinusoidal figure like that
of a spring, or a corkscrew. However, rela-
tive to the sun, the paths of the planets
are ellipses.

Mercury, innermost planet, travels around
the sun nearly 30 miles per second, while Pluto,
not distant, has an orbital velocity of a
little less than three miles per second. The
earth's speed is 185 miles per second, and
that of Jupiter slightly more than 15.

Because of this, the apparent motions of
the planets in the sky, against the back-
ground of distant stars, is a combination of
their movement and ours.

"Retrograde" Mars

On Oct. 1, Mars was close to the Hyades,
the little group in Taurus in which Alde-
baran is found. Now it is well over towards
Aries. That is, apparently it has been mov-
ing toward the west, although actually all
the planets move around the sun, and the earth has
come past Mars, which will cause this backward,
or "retrograde," movement. On Dec. 20,
it will be stationary; after that it will re-
sume its "direct" motion, toward the east.

About Dec. 13, there will be a favorable
opportunity, if the skies are clear, to observe
meteors, or "shooting stars," of the Gemini
shower. They will be seen to best advantage
after midnight, when perhaps as many as
40 an hour may be detected. These will
come from the constellation of the Gemini, hence the name. Actually, there
grains of sand, are moving in parallel r-ths
around the sun in a huge swarm, which
we encounter every December. Sometime
the bright moon may interfere with them.
This month, however, the moon is new only
three days before the date of the maximum.
It will therefore set early in the evening,
and be well out of the way before the hours
when the Geminids are at their best.

Celestial Time Table for December

DEC PST
2    9:45 p.m.   Algol (variable star in Perseus)
3    8:23 p.m.   at minimum brightness.
8    7:00 p.m.   Moon in last quarter.
9    10:00 p.m.  Mercury in inferior conjunc-
                 tion (between earth and sun).
13   early a.m.  Meteors of Gemini shower
                 visible.
17   4:00 p.m.   Moon, farthest, distance 251,-
                 000 miles.
20   5:38 a.m.   Algol at minimum.
        7:00 a.m. Saturn in same direction as
                 sun.
21   11:50 p.m.  Moon passes Mars.
23   3:40 a.m.   Winter solstice—winter begins
                 in Northern Hemisphere.
25   8:17 p.m.   Algol at minimum.
        9:53 p.m. Full moon.
29   9:00 p.m.   Mercury farthest west of sun
                 before sunrise for a few days
                 about now.

Subtract one hour for CST, two hours for
MST, and three for PST.
Science News Letter, November 29, 1958


- page 8 -

No Case (Information Only)                                1 December 1958    (Saucer News)
                                                                   Southern California

FOUR IN TRUCK CHASED BY UFO: Four Los Angeles teen-agers driving near the Mexican border in southern California were started last Dec. 1st by a giant sphere with flashing green and red lights, which chased their pickup truck 45 miles along the highway before it finally gave up and flew away.

Before it left, however, it blasted the truck with a white ray, which one youth reported their watches stopped functioning of the dials on the instrument panel, and blurred the paint on the truck. Connie Malasa, 13 - one of the four - described the light as "an unearthly shade of green." The police to whom the incident was reported disagree with the claim that the truck paint was blurred. Said one of the police, in making his report, "Anything can happen, but this is improbable."


- page 9 -

No Case (Information Only)                                                   10 December 1958 -
                                                                                       Floydada, Texas

(Saucer News)

near Floydada, Texas, on the evening of Dec. 10th, when a glowing, oblong
light was observed by several watchers. One of them, W. R. Williams, said that
he watched the light moving in circles, at about a 100 foot altitude, 1/4 mile
away. It was visible for 30 minutes, and was taking about 10 seconds to com-
plete each of its weird circular revolutions.


- page 10 -

