Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
September 58 0100Z

2. LOCATION
Washington, D.C.

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 Minute

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NE

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT
Temp. 75
Duration on rules out satellite. Probable aircraft. No data presented to indicate sighting could not have been caused by an a/c

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object looked like star. Started to move. Flight to NE.
Duration 1 minute. (est.) Altitude 8,000'. Stationary. However, without exact time, date, location, correlation with satellite missing (can be made)

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show when you first saw the object (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

While I was watching the "star" it moved slightly to the west (my right); then I saw it in silhouette, as it were, a tiny spark of light moving away from the star cluster and moving across the open sky in a seemingly northerly direction; however, some change in the light made me realize it was coming, in my direction, i.e., N.R.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _____
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
ADDRESS: As of March 1/65:    Washington    6    D.C.
                            City    Zone    State

TELEPHONE NUMBER (office):    AGE 48    SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Occupation: legal secretary - have good sight and hearing.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
late    January    1965 - in response to an article in the paper inviting reports on UFO sightings, I wrote for the first time to "Operation Blue Book".


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    10th     Feb.     1965
                                               Day      Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I had been sitting for about 10 minutes on the 2nd floor balcony of my then home on Cathedral Avenue, Washington, D.C., between 8-8:30 p.m. onenight in mid to late September, 1958 (a week, I read later), when there had been a flurry of reports of UFO objects sighted). A number of times I had glanced at a cluster of stars in the southwestern sky) Finally, for no particular reason, my gaze fixed on one of the most beautiful of these and I stared at it steadily for a long time, at least a minimum of a minute. Then, considering the length of time I had had it under observation, I was shocked to see it move slightly to the west (my right) and then, as I watched it, 7 or 8 seconds, continue across the sky in an apparently N.W. or northerly direction. Some increase in the light, however, made me realize it was coming in my direction. (northeasterly) and I jumped to my feet in great excitement (like an Indian spotting the first sail on the horizon) to watch it pass. It came up fast through the night like a small lamp and passed swiftly and silently almost directly overhead, at the height, I thought, of a commercial plane. I tried to discover some outline of the object, some smaller lights along the side, or the sound of a motor, all with negative results - it just sped by with a kind of characteristic motion of its own.

At the time, I thought it must have been some airforce "secret device" or a plane so high in the stratosphere that I could not catch the sound of its engines but I suppose now it was a satellite or perhaps Sputnik I that the Russians put up in 1957), although at the time I did not associate with a sputnik - it seemed too close at hand, and there were no reports or timetables in the paper of its passing. It was extraordinary but not frightening - have you any idea of what it was precisely that I saw?


- page 4 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

FTD (TDMSA)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
9 March 1959

Washington, D C                                Northwest #614

Dear Miss

The sighting which you reported to the Air Force of an object observed in September 1958 is similar to many observations of satellites or aircraft. The duration of one minute is more consistent with an aircraft. The duration of flight and the appearance are also in accord with a satellite observation.

Without an exact time and date we cannot rule out an observation of the Sputnik satellite. However, the data presented is more in accord with an observation of a high flying aircraft. Also, the passage of time prevents an attempted identification of a specific aircraft flight.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

OFFICIAL FILE COPY


- page 5 -

Washington 6, D.C.
January 28, 1965

Project Blue Book
Information Officer
HQ USAF (SAF-OIEP)
Washington, D. C. 20330

Dear Sirs:

Although I am late in bringing this to your attention, I saw an object in mid or late September, 1958, for which I would appreciate an explanation, if you have one.

At the time I saw this object, I was sitting just at nightfall on the upper balcony of my (then) home off the Sheraton-Park Hotel. I was gazing in a southwesterly direction at the lights of planes coming in to National Airport and also at two or three stars that were rather low in the southwestern sky. Finally, my gaze fixed on one brilliant star, like the Evening Star, and I stared at it for a full minute or longer. Suddenly I was astounded to realize that it was not a star but moving light coming in my direction. I jumped up, I might say, great excitement because I felt I was looking at something extraordinary and that it would pass directly overhead. As it came nearer, I strained my ears to catch the sound of a motor or some outline of the object to which it was attached. However, it just came on swiftly, powerfully, and silently at about the speed of a fast plane. There was nothing more than the light, which did not appear to increase in size as it came toward me or cast any illumination out from it, nor did it have a tail as a comet would have. Once it passed over head, the roof of the house shut it out from view and it disappeared in a slightly northeasterly direction. I could not say whether it was a small light that had passed at about the height of a plane, or a much larger light but very far away in space.

The following week, I read in the newspaper that there had been quite a flurry of reports of unknown objects sighted that particular week in which I noted this light. I have always been a scoffer at the "little men from Mars" people. However, there was not a full moon at the time - if any, it was in the first quarter - to illuminate a passing object, but it might have been the Sputnik the Russians launched in 1957 still circling the earth. What troubled me about this light was whether it would be a hazard to aviation but then I decided it would be just as much a hazard to the planes of a foreign power, so that could not have been its purpose.

Very truly yours,

[Signature redacted]


- page 6 -

Washington 6, D.C.

Project Blue Book
Information Officer
HQ USAF (SAF-OIP)
Washington, D. C. 20330


- page 7 -

4 February 1965

Dear Miss

In order for the Air Force to evaluate your report of an unidentified flying object, the attached PID Form 164 should be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office. The Air Force will evaluate the report, and you will be advised of the findings.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
PID Form 164

Miss
WASHINGTON 6, D.C.
(as of March 1, 1965, my address
will be)
Washington 6, D.C.

SAF-OIPB
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
WASHINGTON, D. C. 20330


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Third or fourth week of September, 1958
Day                Month                Year

2. Time of day: 8-8:30
                 (Circle One):    A.M.    or    P.M.
                                 Hours   Minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One):    a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

(Circle One):    a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Postal address is blacked out]
City or Town: Washington            State or County: D.C.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
1 - from the time I realized it
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    By recollection
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright          a. Bright - i.e., not cloudy but not moonlit.
b. Cloudy          b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):    a. In front of you    d. To your left
                b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD CT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

(Circle One):
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Like a star when first sighted, then as it approached more like a small lamp of the kind used by railway men to signal.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank lines]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) (when first sighted only...)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?   Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up/slow down at any time?   Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?   Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?   Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?   Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?   Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?   Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?   Yes   No   Don't know

* It just moved away from the star cluster - the words "speed up and rush" aren't appropriate as I fire it.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how? It was in sight continuously from the time I had been looking at it as a star, then began to move across the sky, first like a bright apart, but as it approached nearer more like a small lamp. It disappeared beyond the roof above me so I could not follow its flight from the back.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No sound - it moved very silently.
b. Color - White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

Since I saw it first as a star, I think it would have been entirely covered by a match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

There is nothing I can draw - as I said, I saw it first for a considerable length of time as a bright star - then as it approached nearer, it appeared to lose some of its sparkle and became more like a small lamplike light speeding by.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included showing a star cluster, a trajectory line, and "My position"]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? The speed of a very fast jetfighter.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? AT a plane's height

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes    No        e. Binoculars        Yes    No
b. Sun glasses       Yes    No        f. Telescope         Yes    No
c. Windshield        Yes    No        g. Theodolite        Yes    No
d. Window glass      Yes    No        h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

First, a star like the Evening Star, but as it came speeding in my direction it became more like a small lamp without dazzle or radiating beams, like a street lamp of the globe variety, seen several blocks away, or as a railway worker's signal lamp.


- page 12 -

