The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from a Project Blue Book record card that provides information about a reported UFO sighting in Lincoln, Nebraska on July 11, 1959.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 11 Jul 59
2. LOCATION: Lincoln, Nebraska
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: ground-visual
5. PHOTOS: none 
6. CAT: not given
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: not given
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
9. COURSE: information not submitted
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: information not submitted
11. COMMENTS: Thistogether the film there bright spots of varying shapes and intensities that were undoubtedly caused by reflections of waterous objects on & within the vehicle which the photographer was riding.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows an official file copy of a document from Project Blue Book.

AFOIN-12/2/54 Friend/so/69216/typed 30 Mar 60
UFO FILE

Indianapolis, Indiana
Dear Urs x

As you requested, the film you loaned to the Air Force is being returned to you.  Since the film was lost of the file, and for your cooperation and interest.

Sincerely,

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

COORDINATION:
Col. Doran [maybe Doran or /Doran], 24 Mar 60
Lt. Colonel [maybe AE] s/30 [30?] /60

- page 2 -

There appears to be no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a memorandum for the record regarding a report about a UFO incident related to a Northwestern Airlines accident on March 17, 1960. The text describes the informant's account of the incident and the actions taken by the Air Force and the Federal Aviation Administration regarding the matter.

MEMO FOR RECORD
21 March 1960
Mrs. [ information redacted ] of Indianapolis, Ind., called to inform Major Friend that she had in her possession a movie film taken 11 July 1958, of a UFO which could possibly shed some light on the Northwest Airlines accident of 17 March 1960. Mrs. [ information redacted ] said that she had not reported the film earlier because she did not want any undesirable publicity, her husband was against it, and she did not know to what agency to make the report.
Mrs. [ information redacted ] requested that her husband not be informed of this contact with the Air Force. Maj Friend was asked to visit her home in Indianapolis for the purpose of getting this film. Mrs. [ information redacted ] said that she would rather not mail it for fear of her husband learning of the transaction. Mrs. [ information redacted ] also requested that she receive no publicity as a result of this call or the film.
The informant further stated that the Indianapolis Star of this morning (21 March 60) carried a story stating that the left and right wings of the ill-fated Northwestern Airliner had appeared to hit something prior to the explosion. Mrs. [ information redacted ] contacted Mr. [ information redacted ] of the Aviation Safety District Office and he advised her to report the information to ATIC.
Mrs. [ information redacted ] is employed in the audit division of the State Employment Security Office. Her address is [ information redacted ], Indianapolis, Ind., Telephone [ information redacted ].
Maj Friend contacted Mr. [ information redacted ] of the FAA in Indianapolis and passed to him the above information. Mr. [ information redacted ] advised that a memo to the Civil Aeronautics Board at Glenco, Ill. would be appropriate follow-up action.

ROBERT H. FRIEND, Major, USAF

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a document page that appears to be a memo for record regarding a reported UFO sighting in the Evansville, Indiana area on March 17, 1960. The text of the document is as follows:

MEMO FOR RECORD

Mr. [redacted], Newscaster, Evansville, Ind., called and informed Maj Friend that he had been advised by a representative of the Aerial Phenomena Research Group of Seattle, Wash. that a UFO was observed in the Evansville area on 17 March 1960. Mr. [redacted] wanted Air Force confirmation of the sighting. He was advised that the Air Force had no record of a sighting on 17 March.

It is interesting to note that 17 March is the date of the Northwest Airline disaster in the Evansville area. Cause for this accident has as yet been undetermined. It is possible that the APRO wishes to attribute this accident to a UFO.

[signature]
ROBERT M. FRIEND
Major, USAF
AFOPR-1122

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely a trip report or related information.

The text in the document is as follows:

"LES COMMENT NR. 1
The attached trip report is forwarded for information.
ROBERT J. FRIEND
Major, USAF
AFOO"

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TRIP REPORT
Name of Travelers: Friends, Robert J., Major, USAF
AFRIV-UCC Aerial Phenomena Group
Date of Trip: 22 March 1960
Place, Name, Location: Indianapolis, Ind.
When Contacted: 21 March 1960
Reason: Mrs. [redacted] of Indianapolis, Ind. called ATIC and informed Major Friend that she had in possession a film of an unidentified flying object which she believed was related to the Northwestern Airlines accident of 17 March 1960. She requested that the film be shown to ATIC in an effort to determine if it was connected with the accident.
Results: Mrs. [redacted], as a member of the AFRIV-UCC Aerial Phenomena Group, visited Mrs. [redacted] at her home in Indianapolis. Mrs. [redacted] cautioned Major Friend that she wanted no publicity connected with this film in any way whatsoever. She especially cautioned against contacting the Air Force in an effort to determine the cause for the accident when the film was viewed in the home of Mrs. [redacted] at her request, and while it showed a flight-near an aircraft, which may have been a reflection, the projection was too small for any positive identification. The film, when viewed as to why she had it, indicated that it was due to her husband's ridicule of her impressions, which led her to show it for publicity, and ignorance as to what agency within the Air Force to contact. She further stated, however, that in view of the Northwestern Airlines tragedy of which she had heard, she was anxious to have the Air Force in an effort to help determine the cause for the accident ascertain the contents of the film.
2. Mrs. [redacted] presently is employed by the Audit Division of the State Employment Security Office, however, it was determined that she was on sick leave as a result of a near nervous breakdown. She appeared very emotionally and intelligent, but very enthusiastic in her discussion of UFOs.
3. Mrs. [redacted] also claimed that a wing of the ill-fated aircraft was recently found some distance away from the main scene of the crash confirming her belief that it was sheared off by a mid-air collision with some other type of craft. Contact was made with PAIC, Indianapolis, who confirmed that this was the case.

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with commentary text about an aircraft incident. Since there is no photograph present, I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output the text found in the document.

the fact that the aircraft wing was found some distance from the main crash area; and although it is unidentified, it is believed that this was the first incident in this air tragedy, but we know that this was included in the report to ATIC under the BLUE BOOK program. The aircraft has been turned over to ATIC for analysis.

Comments:
This is not the first incident in which air tragedy has been attributed to conditions with UFOS. More notable incidents have been attributed to structural failure).

The FAA at Indianapolis, and the Civil Aeronautics Board at Chicago, DOD have been provided with the information contained in this report.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an official document from the Air Technical Intelligence Center of the United States Air Force regarding a UFO film.

OCR output:

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-4E22

SUBJECT: UFO Film

TO: AFCIN-4E2A

1. It is requested that the attached roll of 8mm film be analyzed. This film was turned over to ATIC by a witness in Indianapolis, Ind. The film study was taken in Lincoln, Nebraska.

2. The witness has indicated that the film contains an unidentified flying object flying near an Air Force aircraft at Lincoln AFB. She has further indicated that the information on the film might be useful in determining the cause of the Northwestern Airlines disaster which took place 17 March 1959.

3. If this information contained in this film is considered worthwhile, it is further requested that a copy of this strip be made. The witness has requested that either a copy of the original be returned to her upon completion of analysis by the Air Force.

4. The camera used was a Brownie. The witness only remembers that it was taken in bright sunlight, probably in the morning, and she doesn't remember the lens setting.

/s/ RICHARD R. SHOOP
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4E22

1 Atch
Roll 8mm film

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AFCIN-1522/Sgt Bolleau/amo/69216/22 Mar 60
UFO FILM

Civil Aeronautics Board
6127 West Cermak Road
Chicago, Ill.                                           24 MAR 1960

Gentlemen:

1. The Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center received from a member of the public on 11 March 1960, film of an unidentified flying object taken 11 July 1959, which could possibly be the same as the one shown to members of the FA in Indianapolis and passed this information to him.

2. The Air Force is presently investigating the incident reported by Mrs. ---------. 

Sincerely,

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

COORDINATION: 
WILLIAM M. RABORN
1 LT, USAF
23 MAR 1960

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document page from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

Text from the document:

Memo, AFCIN-4E2, 23 Mar 60, "UFO Film" (Let Ind (AFCIN-4D4))
28 March 1960
TO: AFCIN-4E2

1. The attached motion picture was carefully reviewed, but was unable to disclose any undisplayed flying objects. Throughout the film, however, there are bright spots or reflections and intermittent white lines which are undoubtedly caused by reflections of and on various objects on and within the atmosphere in which the photography was riding. Information inside the lens system when a camera is used on a bright sun-shining day, as the photographer has mistaken these defects in the photography caused by excessive reflected light for a UFO.

2. A copy of the film was not made. It is suggested that the original be returned to the sender.

WILBER PRICE, JR.
CHIEF
AFCIN-4D4

- page 10 -

