The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a record card for a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 14 Jul 58
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1430 - 5:30 A.M.
3. GMT: 11/09302
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
5. LOCATION: Xenia-Bellbrook, Ohio
6. TYPE OF OBJECT: as three (3)
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 hr
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: OBJ which appeared as a bright star and often appeared as three lights.
9. CONCLUSIONS: Astro-check made--Venus.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs or images, it appears to be a typed document containing text describing a UFO sighting.

MEMO FOR CASE FILE - 15 JULY 1958, XENIA, OHIO
SUBJECT: Telephone Interview of Source - Mrs. [redacted]
After two days of attempting to contact this person, reached at 10:30 A.M.
a. Object in sight from about 4:30 to 5:30 A.M. 
b. Was not sure of direction but believed to be East Northeast (LIN 93 degrees) at that time. Wx conditions such that it appeared highly magnified.
c. Object looked like a very bright star - often appeared as three lights. 
d. There were clouds in the area during the last half of the sighting and lights faded out when clouds moved in front of it.
3. She asked if anyone else reported it. Replied that nothing unusual reported by local radar, flights in the air (B-47), GOC or other persons.
4. Checks and analysis: As object was reported in same position for 25 hour - Astro check made - see par. 2 b. above.

GEORGE F. GREGORY
Captain, USAF

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Text from the document:

U.F.O.

15 July 1957
Near Xenia, Ohio
The object was emitting a pulsating light and was observed to be hovering, at times, about 100 feet above the ground. It was moving at a velocity that was about 50 mph. It appeared to be approximately 30 feet in diameter.
At one point, the object seemed to divide into two smaller objects, one of which then returned to the main object, while the other continued on a separate course. 
The witness claimed that a car's motor was affected as the object passed overhead.
(name redacted), Xenia, Ohio, phone (redacted) the reporter.

Case Summary Information:
(name redacted)

What was doing at 9:52 in the evening with a friend of someone.

- page 3 -

