The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project blue book record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 4 Feb 58
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes 0 No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: NA
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
A small balloon, half plastic & half fibre, was sighted in Indiana by 3 hunters. It eventually got entangled in the power lines above the field.

12. CONCLUSIONS:
0 Was Balloon
X Probably Balloon
0 Was Aircraft
0 Probably Aircraft
0 Possibly Aircraft
0 Evidence of Disturbance
0 Possibly Astronomical
0 Other, (Explain) Case for Evaluation

The device was found to be a weather balloon for remote measurements of the strength of the earth's horizontal magnetic field.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing a device that was picked up on the Ohio River in Indiana. The document provides details about the device, including that it was likely carried to a high altitude by a balloon and then transmitted field strength measurements. The text is signed by G. T. Gregory, Capt. USAF, ATIC-24.

Device Picked Up on Ohio River in Indiana
ATIC-24
4 Feb 58

1. This device is a magnetometer for remote measurement of the strength of the earth's magnetic field. The pending elements being supported by a pendulum measured the strength of the horizontal component of the earth's magnetic field.

2. It was probably carried to a high altitude by a balloon and then transmitted field strength measurements by telemetry to a ground station.

G. T. GREGORY
Capt, USAF
ATIC-24

The above item returned to
5th District OSI
With evaluation
5 Feb 58

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text that appears to be an excerpt from a project blue book UFO report document.

The text reads:

The Device is a magnetometer for remote measure ment of the strength of the earth's magnetic field. The sensing element being supported by a pendulus mounting shows that it measures the strength of the horizontal component of the earth's magnetic field.

It was probably carried to a high altitude by a balloon and then transmitted field strength measurements by telemetry to a ground station.

White
4e2d

- page 3 -

