Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 10 December 1958
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: Local 12:23 AM
GMT: 10.1.1959
5. PHOTOS: □ Yes □ No

2. LOCATION: Cleveland, Ohio
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: □ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar □ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar
6. SOURCE: Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-5 seconds
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Oval, silvery obj seemed to be traveling quite fast. It was about 20 ft long. This was also the diameter of its height through the center was about 20 feet.

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: -

11. COMMENTS: Observed through window. Covered 300 yds in .5 secs. During daylight. Rpt. demonstrates witness letter. Witness has had previous rpts & is a "saucer fan".

12. CONCLUSIONS:
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
    a. Clear sky
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds
    e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
    a. No wind
    b. Slight breeze
    c. Strong wind
    d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
    a. Dry
    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Snow
    e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
    a. Cold
    b. Cool
    c. Warm
    d. Hot
    e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
    10      Dec     1958
    Day     Month   Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
    (Circle One) Yes     No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
    (Circle One) Yes     No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
    (Circle One) Yes     No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text in this section is partially illegible]


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _______ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? 5000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] Ct. Rd. Cleveland, Zone 16 State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
What is your present job? Student
Age 16     Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school ✓     e. Technical school
b. High school ✓      (Type)
c. College           f. Other special training
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 24   Dec.   1958
                                          Day   Month   Year


- page 3 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: Oct. 24, 1958

[Handwritten text]:
I was in a classroom, sitting out the window, when I saw a shiny silver object pass through my field of vision. I followed it as far as I could until another portion of the building to my right obscured my vision. I saw one object for a few seconds on the object. I looked at the clock in the room and it was 10:25 A.M. Eastern Standard Time. I told the student teacher one of my sightings but he did not seem interested. I was sitting at a large window in my east-facing north. The class was engaged in some activity. The object passed the view of the room as soon as it went out of my sight.


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can see in the image:

90°
Zenith

225
SW

270
W

315
NW

180
S

135
SE

90
E

45
NE

0
N

The image appears to be a diagram showing a spherical projection with compass directions and angles, with a stylized cityscape or landscape at the bottom of the sphere.


- page 5 -

464

Dear Sir:

At 10:25 a.m. on December 10, 1958, I saw an U.F.O. I was looking north and the object was traveling east. It was an oval, silvery object and seemed to be going quite fast. It crossed an arc of about 60 degrees in approximately 3.5 seconds. I estimate its altitude at 500 feet. It was about 30 degrees above the horizon. This was its length was about 50 feet. Its diameter was about 20 feet. Its height through the center was about 20 feet.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature and other identifying details are redacted/blacked out]

Cleveland 22, Ohio


- page 6 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

18 December 1958

Mr [redacted] Road
Cleveland 22, Ohio
Dear Mr [redacted]:

We are in receipt of your letter postmarked 11 December 1958, in which you report the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

The information which you have submitted is very limited in nature. It would be appreciated if the attached questionnaire be accomplished in as much detail as possible and returned to this Center.

Sincerely,

1 Incl:
ATIC Fm #164

H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components


- page 7 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. You are will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
10 1958
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:
(Circle One)   A.M. or P.M.
Hour    Minutes

3. Time zone:
(Circle One)   a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One)   a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Cleveland 22    Warren/14 Hts    Ohio
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.
Hours    Minutes    20    Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain    c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One)   a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight    e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. If you saw this object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)   a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right    f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 53)


- page 8 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One)   a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One)   a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?   b. Several blocks away?   c. A block away?   d. Several yards away?   e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   (No)   Don't Know
Yes   (No)   Don't Know
Yes   (No)   Don't Know
Yes   (No)   Don't Know
Yes   (No)   Don't Know
Yes   (No)   Don't Know
Yes   (No)   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
[No additional text written]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
[No additional text written]

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One)   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other [blank]


- page 9 -

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: [text is partially illegible]
    b. Color: [text is partially illegible]

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an elongated oval/elliptical object with an arrow indicating movement to the right]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): 
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember
    e. Other: [blank]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The bottom section is blank]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

(Circle One): a. Head of a pin   g. Silver dollar
               b. Pea             h. Baseball
               c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
               d. Nickel          j. Basketball
               e. Quarter         k. Other
               f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
      a. Certain         c. Not very sure
      b. Fairly certain  d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? It was obscured by clouds. Faded from view.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

I would make it of aluminum. It would be oval, 30 ft. in length and 16 ft. high. An object as the closest I could come to a common object which resembles it.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near or airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over countryside?
g. Other ________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South
b. Northeast         f. Southwest
c. East              g. West
d. Southeast         h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South
b. Northeast         f. Southwest
c. East              g. West
d. Southeast         h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South
b. Northeast         f. Southwest
c. East              g. West
d. Southeast         h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 358 degrees.
b. From horizon 35 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 7 degrees.
b. From horizon 25 degrees.


- page 12 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 13 -

