PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
27 August 1958

2. LOCATION
Old Bridge, New Jersey

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
26/0200Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual   □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual     □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 hours

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj observed near the NE horizon. Had erratic movement, fm side to side for short distances, as well as displaying & reappearing in the same location. Very bright. Occasional circular movement.

11. COMMENTS
Planet Mars appeared on the NE horizon at the time of sighting. Description of obj is of a planet viewed through unusual atmospheric conditions in industrial areas or when inversions are present.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

August 28, 1958

Technical Intelligence Branch
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Fairview, Ohio

To Whom It May Concern:

Last evening about 9:00 a few friends and I were observing an object in the sky for about 3 hours. We would like to know what it was.

Our location is Central Jersey, and the object appeared not very far above the North East horizon. It seemed to follow the same pattern of movement, going from one side to the other, covering a short distance. It would appear in the same place and disappear in the same place. It was very bright. Once it seemed to move in a complete circle.

We are all very curious and anything you can tell us would be appreciated.

Thank you.

Sincerely,
(Mr. & Mrs.) [redacted]
Old Bridge, N.J.


- page 2 -

OVER SHEET

Subject: Unidentified Flying Object

To: SAFIS-9, Attn: Major Tucker
From: AFOIN-4DL

Date: 4 Sept. 1958

Comments:

1. There is very little information in Mr. and Mrs. [illegible] letter on which to base a valid conclusion. However, the following is submitted on which to base a reply:

a. At 9:00 P.M. EST, 27 August 1958, the star Alpheratz, which is a second magnitude star, was in the northeast, approximately 30 degrees above the horizon.

b. At 9:00 P.M. EST, same day, the planet Mars was just beginning to appear above the northeastern horizon.

c. In an area where there are a lot of exhibit trucks of all types, as in the observer's case, the heavenly bodies appear to play all sorts of tricks.

d. It is the opinion of this office that the observers were looking at one of the bodies mentioned above.

Signed:
H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-4E

1 Incl:
1. Ltr dtd 28 Aug 58


- page 3 -

17 September 1958

Dear Mr. and Mrs. [redacted]

This is to acknowledge your letter of 28 August 1958 concerning an unidentified flying object observed by you at Old Bridge, New Jersey, on 27 August 1958.

There is insufficient data on which to base a valid conclusion. However, the following is offered as a possible solution:

At 9:00 p.m., EST, 27 August 1958, the star Alpheratz, which is a second magnitude star, was in the northeast, approximately 30 degrees above the horizon.

At 9:00 p.m., EST, same day, the planet Mars was just beginning to appear above the northeastern horizon.

In areas such as central New Jersey where industrial haze or exhaust fumes are present in the atmosphere, heavenly bodies can be mistaken for unconventional or unidentified flying objects. Therefore it is quite possible that you observed either the planet Alpheratz or the star Mars on that date.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. and Mrs. [redacted]
Old Bridge, New Jersey


- page 4 -

