PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
4 December 1958

2. LOCATION
Dayton, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 05/0430Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes ☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not given

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
not given

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Flash of light accompanied by a muffled roar. An orange sphere, size of grapefruit to the west. Object was above trees and houses, but not high.

11. COMMENTS
Description is typical of lightening; however, witness should be familiar with this phenomena. Case evaluated as insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

December 4, 1958

Dayton, Ohio

My husband and I had just retired at 11:30 P.M. It was raining. Our home faces north and three bedroom windows are on the north facing the front yard. One window is on the west. Cafe curtains cover the lower half of the windows and the upper parts are exposed. I first noticed a flash of light through the west window and thought of lightning although there was no sound. Soon, there was a second flash accompanied by a muffled retort and my husband and I went to the west window. A third flash and retort came as he reached the window before I did. I had the impression that the light was more intense than the first time. My husband says that he saw an "explosion" in the west. By the time I reached the window a fourth flash came, and I looked out the front windows and saw a great flash of light--orange-yellow with pink at the extremity. Since I looked north I did not see the object in the west. This "exploded" again when I saw the flash in the front yard. I looked west after the flash and observed an orange sphere about the size of a grapefruit in (or beyond?) the area of the Paul Welch homes. The object was above the trees and house tops but not high in the sky, rather more on the horizon. It glowed orange in color between "explosions". After the fourth flash, or "explosion", it glowed three or four seconds, then disappeared. It did not move away or grow dim, but went out as one would turn off an electric light bulb. The object did not change size except during the "explosions"--then the brilliance extended it's size about ten fold. The terrain falls sharply in the west, beyond the Welch homes so one would assume this object to be either air borne to be seen or be on the top of some object in the Welch area. I could not see a path of light from the object to our yard. It seemed like light being shot as a bullet, leaving the object and exploding in the yard. The ac-


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

companying noise came from the area of the object. The "explosions" were about ten to fifteen seconds apart. At first, we thought some electrical line was shorting in back of our neighbor's home until the "explosions" were seen. A call to Dayton Power and Light on the morning of the 5th disclosed no electrical disturbances or service calls in this area, and WAAFB was not testing night photography on the 4th of December.

Signed:
[Signature redacted]
Dayton 27, Ohio


- page 3 -

