The image does not contain any photographs or illustrations. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text contained in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
2. LOCATION
LAREDO, TEXAS
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Local 1:15 a.m.
• Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS
• No
6. SOURCE
•Military
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2-3 SECONDS
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
TWO
9. COURSE
10. CONCLUSIONS
•Probably a meteor
11. COMMENTS
A CIGAR-SHAPED OBJECT WAS PICKED UP AT A RANGE OF 5-8 NAUTICAL MILES & AT 152 NAUTICAL MILES AT A HEIGHT OF 64 NAUTICAL MILES. THE TARGETS LASTED FOR A TOTAL OF 22 SECONDS.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
INTERIM LETTER REPORT
CONTRACT NO: AF30(602)-1713

UNIDENTIFIED TARGET OF AN/FPS-17(XW-2) RADAR MISSION 164

I. INTRODUCTION
The AN/FPS-17(XW-2) radar at the Laredo Test Site, Laredo, Texas was in operation on 11 October 1958. The expected target was 1958 A 2, the instrumented portion of the third Russian satellite, Sputnik III. A target was observed, but the characteristics of the intercept would make one believe that the object observed was not the one expected. Other possible explanations are discussed below.

II. CONCLUSIONS
The object observed was most probably:
(a) a meteor showing both a head echo type reflection and a specular type reflection from the trail, or
(b) two meteors occurring in the same portion of space at very nearly the same time.

III. ANALYSIS
A. FACTS RELATED TO THE UNIDENTIFIED TARGET
The known facts related to the intercept of this unidentified target are:

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The image appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book report, containing text that describes the details of a radar observation made on October 11, 1958 near Laredo, Texas.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

(a) the target was observed on 11 October 1958 beginning at 07.57 GMT, lasting until 07th 22m 12.09s, an overall duration of 28.0 seconds.

(b) the data derived on film recordings of the radar signal consisted of two unusually distinct sections. The first section lasted for approximately 0.75 seconds, showing a range change from 14h mn to 17.3 mn. The second portion began where the first left off and lasted for approximately 1.22 to 1.67 mn. In that time, absolute range as indicated here is accurate to within 5 mn, but relative to each other they are accurate to within 2 mn.

(c) the target was observed in three or four beams being energized as follows:

Beam 1 Low           No target
Beam 2 Low           0721:hh.3 to 0721:03.0
Beam 1 High          0721:hh.5 to 0721:55.5
Beam 2 High          0721:hh.0 to 0721:22.0

* May have entered prior to this time, but beam was not restricted because of Beam Switching.

(d) No doppler frequency information was available because the range gate was not set to cover the 504 to 1178 mn which would alarm the Lincoln Coded Pulse doppler system.

(e) An intercept of the Russian satellite, 1958 ?2 had been expected at about 0732 at a range of 700 to 900 mn.

(f) No other targets were observed by the radar between 0701Z and 0806Z.

B. POSSIBLE TARGETS
A signal such as that received by the radar could, at first glance, have been reflected from any one of the following:

- page 3 -

The image contains a photograph that is described as "A rocket launched from the vicinity of the White Sands Proving Grounds." There are no other photographs in the image.

UNCLASSIFIED
(a) A rocket launched from the vicinity of the White Sands Proving Grounds.
(b) A satellite passing through the beams in a north-easterly direction.
(c) A meteor or meteors.
(d) Some unknown and unexpected objects.
C. INTERPRETATION OF THE FACTS
A knowledge of the location and path of the observed object is desirable if one is to distinguish between the above possibilities.
The range of about 170 and would position the observed object somewhere in the vicinity of the White Sands Proving Grounds. The observation of the object simultaneously by three of the four beams energized allows us to estimate the angular coordinates more exactly than if reflections were seen in only one beam. If the possibility of side lobe reflections are neglected, the object observed must have been at an elevation angle between 3.5 and 4.5 degrees and an azimuth angle from the radar between 312.5 and 313.5 degrees.
Conversion of these radar coordinates to a more meaningful form places the observed target probably within 5 nmi of a point in space defined as follows:
Origin: at the Air Force Missile Development Center, Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico
Coordinates: West 10 nmi
South 2 nmi
Height 6 nmi
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text only.

UNCLASSIFIED

The path (direction and speed) of the target cannot be resolved to any great degree of accuracy. The sudden appearance of the signal in three beams indicates that the object suddenly appeared at this position in space and didn't gradually move into one beam and then another. The target should be considered as two separate parts, that which lasted for 0.75 seconds and the other, which had a duration of 28 seconds in Beam 2 High. The first target had a range rate of change of about + 25 mm/i per second. The second target had an average range rate of change of 0.2 mm/i per second. 

The accompanying photographs show that the signal died out of Beam 1 Hi before it died out of Beam 2 Hi. This could be explained by the passage of the target from one beam into the other, or by a decrease in the strength of the reflected signal. If the target were closer to the center of Beam 2 Hi, we would expect to get the stronger signal in that beam.

D. ELIMINATION OF POSSIBLE TARGETS
Consideration of the facts available indicates that several of those objects listed as possible targets would not give rise to a signal such as that received.
(a) A rocket launched from the White Sands Proving Ground would have reached an altitude of 4 or 5 low beam about 20 to 40 seconds before it was seen in the high beams, and normally is seen for longer than 28 seconds. No such phenomena as that demonstrated by the early portion of the target has been observed on previous rockets launched at White Sands.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document containing text describing observations and characteristics of satellites or meteors.

Text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
(b) Only one satellite was known to have been in the vicinity at the time of observation. This one should have passed through the beam over 200 mni to the northeast about 15 minutes later. The observed object is not likely to have been this satellite, but they are seldom far enough off in either position of the orbit or close of passage for this observed object to have been the satellite.
4.0-3 Previous observations of satellites of north-south direction have shown material rate changes. Objects which have also gradually moved into Beam 1 and then Beam 2, which is not the case here. No satellites in orbit come so close to the earth as the indicated 6h mm, if they did, they would soon fall out of orbit or burn up in the atmosphere.
One should note that there may be several pieces of satellites in orbit which nobody is keeping track of. These pieces could, at times, be observed, and the changes of range of 25 mm per second are not characteristics of satellites intercepts.
(c) The observed target height, 6h mm, is in the meteor band. A very sudden appearance of a strong signal is characteristic of meteors. This appearance of the signal is possible in the case of a meteor. Although there is much yet to be learned about meteors, meteors, it is known that not all meteors in a beam are detected by a radar. There are requirements regarding the orientation of the meteor trail with respect to the radar beam which must be met.
When, too, the exact height at which a meteor trail becomes detectable varies. Either one or both the orientation of the trail and the ionization formation, could explain why the meteor was not seen until such a time as it reached a position which the beam.
The first portion of the observed trail might well have been from the so-called meteor head, thus giving us the very high rate of change or range (the meteor head moves with the speed of the meteor itself). Meteor velocities vary over a wide range, but they may be as high as various that range rate of change observed.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page does not contain any photographs, but rather includes text describing the report. 

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

This report has been reviewed and is characteristic of reports received from the Laredo Test Site since 1948. This report does not contain any information which would indicate the presence of any unconventional aircraft.

IV. RECOMMENDATIONS

Two possible sources of information pertaining to this target have not been approached as yet. The first of these is the White Sands Proving Ground. They ordinarily notify the Laredo Test Site of any objects they plan to fire which may pass through the radar screen. 

The absence of any firings on 11 October 1958 should be verified by contacting the unit stationed at the White Sands Proving Ground.

The Harvard College Observatory has two camera recording pictures at meteor tracks which occult in the vicinity of the White Sands Proving Ground. There is a possibility that they would have observed any meteors, or other phenomena which occult visible light, at the time and location of this unidentified target.

EXCISION:
3 November 1958

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The page contains a table or chart with numerical data, but no photograph is present.

Text from the document:

UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT SIGHTING REPORT
In October 1957
THE SIGHTING TOOK PLACE ON 7 OCTOBER 1957
AT ABOUT 3200 HOURS
NEAR LAREDO, TEXAS
WEATHER: VERY HAZY, MOON PARTLY CLOUDY
WIND: NW, 10 KNOTS
TEMPERATURE: 70 DEGREES F

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image, only text.

UNIDENTIFIED TARG  
(4 OCTOBER 1956) (W-2)

Time: 20:30 -

Range: approach (upper controur 3,000 ) 
Range: minumun (lower controur 2,000 ) 

speed: estimated 1200 mph

Altitude: 45,000 feet

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 9 -

