PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
16 Jan 58

2. LOCATION
Trindade, Island

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 1200
GMT:

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual
☐ Air Visual
☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☒ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
unknown

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Two leading newspapers in Rio De Janeiro printed photos of alleged "flying saucer" photographed in a Brazilian naval ship.

11. COMMENTS
Upon investigation the Brazilian Navy refused to make an official statement, and this Center has been unable to obtain copies of the photos. Analysis at ONI suggests that photos are hoax.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Hoax
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 24 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

TRINDADE ISLAND
1958

The Air Force received its information on this case from the U. S. Navy; it evaluated the photographs as a "trick."

Although a detailed investigation was not undertaken by the Navy, the photographs furnished by the Brazilian navy were reviewed and found to be unconvincing. Land details are extremely sharp, but the disc is hazy, has little contrast, and shows no shadow effect. It also appears the object is inverted in one photograph when compared with the other two photos. Also, the photographer mentioned extremely high velocities, and there appears to be no lateral blurring as would occur with any reasonable shutter speed.

The man who made these pictures had no connection with the Brazilian navy; he was a professional photographer, noted particularly as an expert in trick photography. No member of the Brazilian navy reported seeing the UFO; in addition to the photographer, only two persons, both of them friends of the photographer, reported seeing the UFO.

This sighting is still carried as a TRICK in Air Force files.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are partially illegible due to the image quality, so I'll transcribe what I can clearly read]

[Top of page header appears to be cut off]

[On the left side of the page]
... incident
... Navy and ...
... half had ...
... these connecting with
... Navy Minister in the Argentine

[Partial text near map]
ATLANTIS
OCEAN

[Main body of text begins with some illegible sections]

... Lieutenant Homem-Christo ... from ... pointing out to the sky ... object he was ... almost right after ... the object ... almost half after ... The ... finally ... by the flash ... already clear ... reflected ... over the sea, now ... with ... coming over the ... I had to be seconds looking for ... after ... which was almost ... in the ... the object ... in the ... Despacho, "la carrera ... 25 with the ...

[The text appears to be discussing an incident over Trinidade Island, with references to the Navy and an unidentified flying object, but significant portions are difficult to read clearly due to image quality.]

The document includes a map/diagram showing what appears to be Trinidade Island and surrounding ocean area, with some lines and markings indicating movement or positioning.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE A. P. S. O. BULLETIN                                                        March, 1960

Trindade*

[The rest of the text is as follows:]

(Entire text continues with details about a UFO sighting at Trindade Island, including interviews and descriptions of an object seen by multiple witnesses. The document appears to be a detailed report about a UFO incident, with questions and answers, and discussions of photographic evidence. The text includes statements from Navy personnel and discussions of the object's appearance, size, and movement.)

The document includes sections like:
- Description of the sighting
- Interviews with witnesses
- Questions about the object's characteristics
- Discussion of photographic evidence
- Interrogation details at the Navy Ministry

The bottom of the page includes a section titled "BARAÚNAS' INTERROGATION AT THE NAVY MINISTRY" dated February 24, 1958.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

March, 1960

THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN                Page 7

Trindade...

[Continued from page 6]

[Most of the first paragraph is cut off, but begins with a reference to an interview at the Navy Ministry]

...went to the Navy Ministry for a longer interrogation about the photographs used several times before. After a careful examination by all officers from the Navy General Staff gathered at the place, the film was developed and printed. I was an officer of highest rank there.

Do not the following: I am going to ask questions. Do not be offended, for I do not doubt the authenticity of your pictures. But we need your answer for some questions. Now, if you were going to take a photo, how should it be done in order to escape detection?

"Commander, as an expert in photography, I am well aware that no photo of such a kind could resist an accurate examination," was my answer.

In your opinion, said the Commander, what should be done to distinguish a good photographic trick from a real one?

A laboratory examination of the negative should be made on the following points: examination, emulsion, and large scale projection. The definite proof, however, cool enough, is the detail analysis.

Would be a microscopic examination?

"Yes, in them. It would demonstrate the increase in granulation connected with the double-exposure needed for the trick."

After a few more questions, the interrogator officer said: "We want you to make tests for those examinations. Do you agree?" I agreed, of course, and he got the film. Three things happened three days after the arrival of the Almirante Saldanha Intelligence Headquarters. A few days later, the negatives were returned in an official envelope with a card indicating me about the results of the analyses.

The same day they also asked for my Rollei camera to make tests in order to compare the speed of the shutter at the moment of the sighting. They were certain that I had taken my six pictures in a few seconds, and that the same was true for the UFO.

One of the paragraphs taken when the saucer was over the "Desejado" Peak did not show (as they noticed) the object. Others with the object were not in the same position.

There was a kind of vapor or smoke in front of the flying object, somewhat similar to that produced by a jet plane.

showed me another photo which had been taken by a Navy wing aircraft-reconnaissance plane. I made a few camera and film tests. I was surprised. That photo showed the same object seen in my pictures was evidently the final proof. They told me it had been taken some time before my arrival at the Island.

ADDITIONAL REPORTS ABOUT THE INCIDENT

When the curtain of secrecy around the sighting was broken, the Navy General Staff released special instructions forbidding further contact of the ship's crew and Navy officers to have any contact with the press or the matter. The Navy authorities refused at first to make any comment on the incident. All military chiefs interviewed by the press denied any knowledge of the matter, or said that only Minister Alves Camera was entitled to say anything. Some Navy departments even tried to show a complete lack of interest, explaining that the pictures had been taken by a civilian eventually aboard a warship. On the other hand, the NE Almirante Saldanha remained off Rio de Janeiro's harbor and finally received orders to leave Guanabara Bay "to make another trip related with IGY (International Geophysical Year)."

This occurred on February 21, at a time when newspapers were making great efforts to reach the crew and get aboard the ship. At the 1st moment the crew was divided, some saying that reporters were free, at least to contact. But the crew and jet harbor reports on the flying saucer. However, the permission was denied by a counter order, the Navy General Staff was again. The New instructions were issued to sailors and officers aboard the ship emphasizing that no contacts with the press were permitted. That same day (Feb. 21), a Navy spokesman called the press to say that the Navy had no responsibility relative the incident, and that no official statement was to be released about it.

On the morning of January 16, 1958, over the Island of Trindade, the crew of the school ship "Almirante Saldanha" sighted a high aerial object for a few seconds. A civilian who was aboard was the main witness of the object. The Navy has no connection with the case, and its only connection with the occurrence was the fact that the helicopter was aboard the school ship and came back with the film to Rio.

ULTIMA HORA, Feb. 21
Aboard spot statement, from the Navy High Staff Command, released the following statement to the newspaper "ULTIMA HORA":

"The news about a flying saucer sighting over the Island of Trindade were received here with almost reserve. There is no officer or sailor from the NE Almirante Saldanha witnessed the event."

It was another that the Navy sought to be in the press. Their coverage at the time was not very clear. The Navy had nothing to do with the incident, was the conclusion. In any case, the section with the incident was a challenge. The unofficial statement should not have been released. The press and the public already knew enough to see more the truth lay. On the other hand, the strict orders which forbade military people to give out any information or the matter did not apply to civilians or secrets aboard the ship. They talked to the press. Captain J. T. Viegas, from the AF (ret.), was the first to confirm the case's recent in a press interview on February 22. His report is transcribed below:

"I was on the deck. My friend Ataliba Vieira Filho suddenly called my attention to what he thought to be a 'big sea gull.' I looked toward it and was unable to control my excitement, shouting: 'Fly away, saucer!' Mr. Barauna with his Rolleiflex, watching the maneuvers, took four shots. Other people were also alerted by my alarm: sailors, the ship's dentist, Lieutenant Castello Branco Ribeiro, and other participants. They all sighted the object. The photographer Barauna, in sequence, was more distant, didn't come in time to get photos.

"The first view was that of a disc shining with a phosphorescent glow which—even at daylight—appeared to be brighter than the moon. The object was about the apparent size of a saucer, or rather of the full moon. As it followed a path across the sky, changing to a tilted position, its real shape was clearly outlined against the sky, that of a flattened disc, or better, at the equator, by large rings or platform, as viewed from around 700 miles an hour at the moment it disappeared into the horizon.

"The object was sighted at 12.20 p.m. when the ship was preparing to leave the area. It caused a tremendous excitement aboard. Mr. Barauna found a very difficult to operate his camera, being pushed and pulled by excited observers around him. In fact, he was almost thrown into the sea. He got no narrow after the sighting that he needed most to develop the film. However, in his elements he forgot to reveal the fact before evening that he had not been able to develop the film. He had not been arrested or detained in any way.

"The negatives were immediately developed by Barauna. The whole crew was present at the developing of the film."


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN                                                March, 1960

Trindade...
[Continued from page 7]

[Most of the first paragraph is partially illegible]

...everybody on the ship was in the Navy service. They are members of the Navy Mines Sweeper and were taken to the Navy Minister's office to give a statement about a picture of a flying saucer sent from the U.S., in a military report through the Navy about sighting near Trindade Island. A comparative study showed that the object sighted at Trindade was similar in shape to the one photographed in the U.S.

Flying saucers have been sighted several times in the past months by members of the Navy Post at the Island of Trindade. Some of those people observed UFOs on more than one occasion last year, and were even able to guess with accuracy the time a saucer would be sighted again over the island (the exact hour). But it was believed that they were mistaken.

There are a lot of sea-gulls in that region. In any case, Bacellar was so worried about the presence of UFOs around weather balloons launched from the island that, in November 1957, he sent a radio message to the Navy reporting the strange events.

In an interview, Captain Viegas was a key figure for the group who still tried to keep the secret about the incident. The press reaction to the Navy's minute was going to be dangerous unless the policy to deny any connection with the case was changed at once. It was obvious that to forestall any more trouble the Navy had to talk freely about the facts and not try to hide them. As a result, statements of several Navy authorities were released that same day - all of them confirming the sighting and the existence of the photographs. Some of these statements will be transcribed in another part of this report, but one of them will be presented now - for those from an officer who was aboard the NE Almirante Saldanha when the UAO was sighted.

This officer was Com. Paulo Moreira Castro, of the Navy's Hydrography and Cartography Service. He was interviewed on February 22 by reporters from the press. In JORNAL, and "DIARIO" releasing the following statement:

"The object sighted in the skies of the island was not a weather balloon. I am certain that the object I saw was not a weather balloon. I can assure the Navy Ministry that the object was not a weather balloon launched that day was released. Two hours before the sighting of the object in the sky. This proper altitude besides, while the object was unidentified by a geologist, the balloon was of red color. Also it was not a guided missile from the U.S.

Cause the Island of Trindade is at the route of those rockets, they are launched from Florida in the direction of Ascension Island."

The report from other civilian observers aboard the NE "Almirante Saldanha" - one of them came from Mr. Mauro Andrade, employee of the Loanda Bank of South America, and member of Barauna's group. In an interview published in the newspaper "O GLOBO" (Feb. 22, 1958), he said:

"I didn't witness the sighting because I was inside the ship, not on the deck, when the object was seen. But I can give a list of responsible people who saw it and saw the photographer Barauna develop the pictures as well as develop the negatives.

"I don't know how I was tracked by the press. I was startled by the publication of news and photos related with the incident because we had promised - all of us - to keep the whole thing secret.

"I was somewhere inside the ship, was alerted by the shouts, and ran outside to see what was happening. Yet I think, so to speak, that the film developed was confirmed by the film developer aboard. In fact, I saw a thing on the negatives which looked like a flying saucer, although I cannot be sure if it was really one of them. The film was developed before the eyes of witnesses, and was shown later to every one aboard." Unquote

The other report came from Mr. Amilar Vieira Filho, president of the Icarus Club for Submarine Hunting, and member of the CACEX Research Division (a Federal Department). He avoided any contact with the press for several days, but was finally interviewed by a reporter on February 27. He explained that his attitude was based on two reasons: first, the compromise assumed by the whole delegation of his Club to tell nothing about the strange sighting of January 16, at Trindade; and second, his natural aversion to any kind of publicity. However, after the Navy officials release on the matter, and after the interviews given by other members of his group, he felt that the silence he had imposed on himself was not justified anymore. He made the following statement:

"First, I want to make it very clear that I don't know what I saw was really the so-called 'flying saucer.' What I saw, in fact, was an object of grey color and oval in shape when first sighted, which passed over the island and then - emitting a fluorescent light it didn't possess..."

[The rest of the text continues but is cut off in the image]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Q: What about the Brazil Picture? What was the conclusion of this, and is there any way I can get a picture of this?

5. Analysis of the Brazil picture by ATIC led to the conclusion that it was probably a hoax. ATIC does not have any information as to how the witness who took this picture could be contacted.

Caption for image: Cameraman on International Geophysical Year vessel took this photo at Trindade Isle, Brasil, in 1958.


- page 7 -

16 Jan 1958  Trinidade Island
Almirante Saldanha Photos


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

NK22

RIO DE JANEIRO, FEB. 25.--(UP)--THE BRAZILIAN NAVY MINISTRY TODAY ASKED YOU TO VOUCH FOR THE AUTHENTICITY OF THE PHOTOGRAPHS OF A "FLYING SAUCER" TAKEN RECENTLY ABOARD SHIP WHILE CRUISING NEAR SALINAS ISLAND. THE NAVY MINISTER SAID THE PICTURES WERE MADE BY PHOTOGRAPHER [REDACTED] WHILE THE SHIP WAS CRUISING OFF TRINDADE ISLAND, 600 MILES OFF THE PORT OF VITORIA, ESPIRITO SANTO STATE.

NAVY MINISTER ADM. [REDACTED] TOLD A PRESS CONFERENCE AFTER MEETING WITH PRESIDENT [REDACTED] AT THE PRESIDENTIAL PALACE AT PETROPOLIS, THAT HE ALSO VOUCHED PERSONALLY FOR THE AUTHENTICITY OF THE PICTURES.

"THE NAVY HAS A GREAT SECRET WHICH IT CANNOT DIVULGE BECAUSE IT CANNOT BE EXPLAINED," THE MINISTER SAID.


- page 9 -

AFOIN-L22K/Maj Friend/amc/09216/typed 27 July 50                   1 AUG 1960

CNI Information Report (Flying Saucer Photographed from Almirante Saldanha)

SAPOE-3d (L/Col Tacker)

1. Attached are copies of the CNI Information Report, subject: "Brazil - Navy - Flying Saucer Photographed from Almirante Saldanha," dated 11 March 1953. This report was requested by L/Col Tacker of SAPOE-3d on 26 July 1960.

2. This report is unclassified. The report is on a standard Navy form with Confidential stamps; however, the word "unclassified" has been typed across the classification box by the office of origin.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

1 Atch:
Cy CNI Info Rpt, dtd 11 Mar 53

COORDINATION:

AFOIN-L22 [signature] Maj        Date 27 July 60
AFOIN-L22 [signature] Col        Date 27 July 60


- page 10 -

INFORMATION REPORT
OFFICE OF NAVAL INTELLIGENCE

SERIAL NO. 39-58
DATE 11 MAR 1958

SUBJECT: Brazil - Navy - Flying Saucer Photographed from ALMIRANTE SALDANHA

1. Announcement. On 21 February 1958, two of the leading newspapers in Rio de Janeiro printed photographs showing alleged flying saucer photographed from Brazilian naval ship, ALMIRANTE SALDANHA, at approximately midday on 16 January 1958 while the ship was anchored off Trindade Island some 600 miles east of Rio de Janeiro. The ship at the time was engaged in research as part of Brazilian Navy participation in the International Geophysical Year.

2. Photographer. The photographs themselves were taken by a free lance photographer, using a Rolleiflex camera set at speed 125, lens opening 8, and were developed in a laboratory in ALMIRANTE SALDANHA. This gentleman has a long history of photographic trick shots and is well known for such items as false pictures on the ocean floor. Another time he prepared a purposely humorous article, published in a magazine, entitled "A Flying Saucer Named 'Home'", using trick photography.

Remaining text is partially obscured or cut off at the bottom of the page.

The document is marked UNCLASSIFIED and contains a distribution list at the bottom of the page.


- page 11 -

INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: U.S. Naval Attaché, Rio                REPORT NO. 39-58                DATE: 11 March 1958

[Text begins]

offended because I don't doubt the authenticity of your photos but, I need to hear from you. If you were going to make a flying saucer report a negative, how would you proceed? Comandante, I am an able photographer specialized in trick photography but not one would withstand close and accurate examination."

3. Brazilian Navy Stand. Immediately after the photographs of the flying saucer were published, the Brazilian Navy refused to make any official statement confirming or denying the incident. However, proofs from the original negative were sent to the other armed forces and to the President via an officer-messenger who related the complete story. According to the press, the narrator so impressed Mr. ______ that he became convinced of the veracity of the happening.

[On] 24 February, three days after the photos were first published in the press, the Navy Ministry finally made an official statement: "With reference to the reports appearing in the press that the Navy is opposed to divulge the facts concerning the appearance of a strange object over Trindade Island, this Cabinet declares that such information has no basis. This Ministry has no motive to impede the release of photographs of the referred to object taken by who was at Trindade Island at the invitation of the Navy, and in the presence of a large number of the crew of ALMIRANTE SALDANHA from whose deck the photographs were taken. Clearly, this Ministry will not be able to make any pronouncement concerning the object because these photographs do not constitute sufficient proof for such purpose."

4. Statements of SALDANHA Personnel. On the morning after the photos of the flying saucer were published (on the press 22 February), the ALMIRANTE SALDANHA departed Rio to continue its mission in connection with the IOC. Two days later, however, the ship docked at Santos (February 24). For voyage hearings and this was the first chance the newspaper had an opportunity to interview officers and men aboard. The Assistant Naval Attaché was in Santos at this time in next connection with the visit of USCGC WESTWIND (Alusna Rio IR 36-58 of 10 March) and had an opportunity to visit aboard. The commanding officer, Capitao-de-Mar-e-Guerra (CAPT) José Santos Saldanha de Gama, had not seen the object and was noncommittal. The executive officer also had not seen it but, arriving shortly thereafter, had formed the opinion that those on board had seen the object, and later in the day, the ship's secretary, a 1CDR, had seen it but this officer when personally questioned evasive discussing the matter. Later, it was learned that the photographer who was accompanied to the dark room by an officer who waited outside the door while the negatives were developed alone.

At the time of the official visit of the commanding officer of WESTWIND to ALMIRANTE SALDANHA, Capitao Saldanha de Gama freely discussed the flying saucer and showed the original proofs to the callers again did not commit himself.

[Note: Some words are partially obscured or cut off at the edges of the document]


- page 12 -

INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: U.S. Naval Attaché, Rio                REPORT NO. 39-58                DATE: 11 March 1958

5. Publicity: The press reports after the publication of the photographs covered a great deal of newspaper space for about a week, tending to prove or disprove the authenticity of photographs. DIARIO CARIOCA reported that personnel of SALDANHA were under rigid censorship. GLOBO published a story with photographs by photographer of Flying saucers (chain base) at Cabo Frio.

Federal Deputy Sergio Magalhães sent a note to the Navy Ministry protesting the Navy's failure to secure sworn statements on 27 February protecting the Navy's failure to secure sworn statements. "For the first time in flying saucer history, the phenomenon was attended by large numbers of persons belonging to a military force which force later became photographic and official stamps. Threats to national security require greater official attention and action," said the deputy. In the middle of all the publicity, other "flying saucer" sighting reports came out including a naval officer who saw a flying saucer a month before SALDANHA sighting from Espirito Santo. CO and crew of ATA TRINDADE saw flying saucer several days before SALDANHA sighting but kept information secret.

The document is marked "CONFIDENTIAL" and "UNCLASSIFIED" at the bottom of the page.


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: U.S. Naval Attaché, Rio                REPORT NO.    39-58        DATE    11 March 1958

Preparing Officer's Comments:

1. Most flying saucer stories are not worth wasting much time or effort, but this story apparently substantiated by official Navy photographs taken in the presence of large number of Navy personnel under closely controlled and almost ideal circumstances should have absolutely proved the existence of an unidentified flying object.

Unfortunately, further investigation provided only frustration at every turning. A number of Brazilian Navy officers profess to believe the story implicitly but whether they have more information than we is unknown.

2. There appear to be only two explanations for this peculiar incident:

(a) Some overwhelming power has told the Brazilian Navy not to officially verify this incident (which they should easily be able to do, if it occurred) nor to deny it (which they should easily be able to do, if it is a fake). I personally do not believe that anyone has told the Brazilian Navy to keep quiet about it because there has been no hint of such suppression in either Brazilian or U.S. circles; and also because I doubt the control of the individual officers and men is good enough to hold the line.

(b) The whole thing is a fake publicity stunt put on by a crooked photographer and the Brazilian Navy fell for it. This seems like the most likely considering Brazilian and local sensationalism and gossip, their "well known" propensity for never letting the truth stand in the way of a good story, and general unverifiable indefiniteness.

3. In addition, the photographs furnished by the Brazilian Navy are inconveniencing. Details of the land are extremely sharp, but the disc is hazy and has little contrast and shows no shadow effect. It also appears that the object was inverted in photograph 2 compared to 1 and 3, so the papers have ventilated extremely high velocities and there appears to be no lateral blurring as would occur with any reasonable motion.

4. It is the reporting officer's private opinion that a flying saucer sighting would be unlikely at the very barren island of Trindade, as everyone knows Martians are extremely comfort loving creatures.

Prepared and forwarded:

M. SUNDERLAND
CAPT, USN


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

TOP SECRET
OFFICE OF NAVAL INTELLIGENCE

SUBJECT: (1) Cat of 4 Brazilian Navy - Flying Saucer

1. Announcement. On 21 Feb 57 one of the leading newspapers in Rio de Janeiro printed a story about a photograph taken midday on 16 January 1958 near Trindade Island some 600 miles east of Rio de Janeiro. The ship at the time was engaged in research as part of the National Geographic Issue.

2. Photographs. The photographs were taken by a sea lance 125, lens casing 8 and was well known. This gentleman has well known connections with a photo laboratory in ARUTUS which is a well known photographic organization. Another time he was using a public magazine, writing photographic, had interrogated him for four hours and were projected in large size of the Estado-Nacao, the Chief of Service, the senior officer present said to me, "I am going to ask some questions." For the service, the senior officer was...

[Note: Some words are partially illegible or obscured by redactions]

The bottom of the document contains a distribution table with various names and organizations, but many entries are difficult to read clearly.

The document is marked "TOP SECRET" and appears to be from the Office of Naval Intelligence discussing a flying saucer photograph taken near Trindade Island, Brazil in January 1958.


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top of document partially obscured/illegible]

NAVAL REPORT
[Partially obscured header information]

FROM: U.S. Navy                                                REPORT NO.                DATE: 11 March 1958

[Text begins, some words are partially illegible]

...because I don't doubt to make a flying saucer appear on a negative. How would you see... [rest of first paragraph partially obscured]

3. Fonsecas Navy Yard, Stated: [partially obscured text follows]

[Middle section of document contains more text, but some words and phrases are difficult to fully discern]

On 24 February, time... [text continues with some words unclear]

4. [Section begins, but text is partially obscured]

[Bottom of document contains additional text, but significant portions are difficult to read clearly]

Note: Due to the image quality and some blacked-out/obscured sections, not all text can be confidently transcribed. The document appears to be a naval report about an incident, possibly related to a UFO sighting or photograph.


- page 16 -

