Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 1007 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
    30 September 1958

2. LOCATION
    Milan, Indiana
    Muncie, DC & Hills burg, Ind.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
    Local
    GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
    Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
    □ Yes
    ■ No

6. SOURCE
    Civilian R. Wilton

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
    2 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
    one

9. COURSE
    SE to NW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
    Obj, about half the size of the moon, making, whirring sound as of a thrown baseball w/a loose cover, Obj was round, white and appeared to be breaking up.

11. COMMENTS
    In view of all the data in this case, the logical conclusion is that all witnesses sighted a meteor which made an unusually deep penetration into our atmosphere.

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 16 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn diagram showing object motion with "Disappeared" and "Appeared" labels]

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
N/C

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
g. Silver dollar
b. Pea
h. Baseball
c. Dime
i. Grapefruit
d. Nickel
j. Basketball
e. Quarter
k. Other
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Disappeared in the low

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

As I have never seen anything like it before, I can not think of anything to compare it with.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying near a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other in car list

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was learning for work at the hill and in part of this should not the car was not at of the house, so naturally watched it as I was it.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 e. South
b. Northeast             f. Southwest
d. Southeast             g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 e. South
b. Northeast             f. Southwest
c. East                  g. West
d. Southeast             h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North                 e. South
b. Northeast             f. Southwest
c. East                  g. West
d. Southeast             h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 110 degrees.
b. From horizon 20 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 70 degrees.
b. From horizon 20 degrees.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

The rest of the page consists of instructional diagrams showing how to mark the position and height of an observed object in the sky.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
3 0 9 1958
Day    Month    Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
MY WIFE, INDIANA

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
NO OPINION


- page 5 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
[Handwritten note appears to be partially illegible]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
[Handwritten note appears to be partially illegible]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted/Blacked out]
ADDRESS [Partially redacted] Milan, City Zone 2, Indiana, State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted/Blacked out]
What is your present job? MECHANIC
Age 37 Sex MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school X
b. High school X
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
f. Other special training [Handwritten note appears to be partially illegible]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13 Sept 1957


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: 130 Oct 1958

This thing that appeared in the sky was bright yellow. It first was oblong, then almost round, then changing again, and finally disappeared in a through some trees. I had turned it off like a light. There was a small green object, with no light, on the ground watching. I first noticed it when the body, turned a low kind of second of two and then went out. They also were a bright green. I didn't see anything like stillness that would give a burning object show did the green light give off any illuminating effects at all, time. It was just there and glowing.

It was this object to become object giving off a bright green light. I have never seen anything like this before and probably never will again.


- page 7 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much Information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication which might permit your personal identification. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
CA September 1958
(Day, Month, Year)

2. Time of day: 4:30
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
3 miles northwest of Milan (R.I.) MILAN INDIANA
(Nearest Postal Address)     (City or Town)    (State or County)

Additional remarks: This is a night of flying practice "type"

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
                                Hours   15-20   Minutes   15-25   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
    a. Certain    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky:
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight     e. No race of daylight
             c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object:
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (15 OCT 54)


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)
b. Several blocks away
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or exploded
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
[handwritten text appears to say: behind a tree]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
[No additional text]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other

Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: ___________
b. Color: Bright green - Dazzling bright light

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trail or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch shows two oval/circular objects, with an arrow indicating movement to the North]

Notes near sketch: About 3 pieces, 1 date fell behind a tree within horizon. Ascending and spinning. Might have vapor trail. Might clear up later to complete description.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharpely outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Bottom section is blank]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other: ________________

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: ________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Just what a day was, waiting to go to work. We both saw it before he got to the car.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____160° (toward east)
b. From horizon ____30 degrees. about

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____70 degrees.
b. From horizon ____30 degrees. about


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

COVER SHEET

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Gatherburg, Md.)

TO: SAFIS-3, Attn: Maj. Tacker
FROM: AFOIN-1E4

DATE: 29 October 1958

COMMENTS:

1. The object sighted on the morning of 29 September 1958, at Gatherburg and Washington, D.C. was also seen and reported by witnesses as far west as Pittsburgh. The description, direction of motion and time were all in agreement.

2. The description of the object and possible sound is typical of a meteor which has made an unusually deep penetration into our atmosphere. The observatory at Georgetown University received several reports of this object and their conclusion was that 15 was a meteor. The description given by some witnesses that there was more than one object indicates breakup or burnout of the meteor.

3. The ATIC conclusion is that all witnesses saw the same meteor, and that small differences in the description of the item be attributed to the short time of observation, excitement of the witnesses, and a change in appearance due to breakup and the approach of burnout.

H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-4E

The document is a cover sheet for a UFO sighting report from Gatherburg, Maryland, dated 29 October 1958, with routing and routing information sections left mostly blank.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at its end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its largest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length:
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object with which you are familiar that would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten notes are present but partially illegible in the image]


- page 13 -

Page 4

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

The page contains two sketches with instructions for marking the position and height of an observed object in the sky, with directional labels such as "EAST", "SOUTH", and "WEST".


- page 14 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
30     Sept     58
Day    Month    Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list names and addresses of others present:
[Blacked out text] my husband

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
A looked, on my place, maybe
my husband says might have been a sputnick


- page 15 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
Three times as fast as a jet, or 1500 m.p.h. approx.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? Homemaker
Age 33 Sex Female

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school ✓
b. High school ✓
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
(Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 66 Oct 58

Page 8


- page 16 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

DATE Oct. 11, 1958

Sighting of a green light in the
East'l sky 20 to 30 degrees above the
horizon. The light traveled in a straight
line for 15 to 25 sec. and was
went out. -
at Milan, Indiana.


- page 17 -

UFO Sighting (Gatherburg, Md.)

SAFIS-3, Attn: Maj. Tucker                                     29 October 1958
AFCIN-444

1. The object sighted on the morning of 29 September 1958, at Gatherburg and Washington, D. C. was also seen and reported by witnesses as far away as Pittsburg. The description, direction of motion and time were all in agreement.

2. The description of the object and possible sound is typical of a meteor which has made an unusually deep penetration into our atmosphere. The observatory at Georgetown University received several reports of this object and their conclusion was that it was a meteor. The description given by some witnesses that there was more than one object indicated a breakup of the meteor.

3. The ATIC conclusion is that all witnesses saw the same meteor, and that small differences in the description of the item be attributed to the short time of observation, excitement of the witnesses, and a change in appearance due to breakup and the approach of burnout.

                                                                H. K. GILBERT
                                                                Colonel, USAF
                                                                31 Oct 58


- page 18 -

Telephone Report from Capt Trombley
Base Ops Officer @ Greater Hq-
Amherst 45000 Ext 3104

Mr [redacted]
Currently working for West Point Eng-
Company National Penn.
29 Sept 58 @ 0535- While driving on
Turnpike sighted bright object
Moving NW @ 300 - 400 miles/hr.
Reports item on ground. Capt Trombley to
Pin pointed and make investigation.

Mt Lebanon, near Pittsburg
Paperboy [redacted] old reported a
Shimmering blue-white object -
@ approx. 0530 28 Sept 58. Got
Trombley yet to talk to this boy.

[redacted]
Reported seeing a blue-white
Object approx. 16 dia. low
And moving at high speed -
Split into two pieces and
Disappeared or struck ground.


- page 19 -

Control Tower Operator
At Electric Pitt Akron (C-c)
Reported in Bulletin 8-16
Person Moving From Nu to W.
Capt Trombley Has Not Yet
Talked to This Man.

Related Facts -
Direction - Pittsburg and
Washington, D.C. - Same.

Time - Pittsburg and D.C.
Same.

Description - Pittsburg and
Washington, D.C. - Enough
Alike to be Same Sense.

Capt Trombley to Make a Complete
Investigation in Accordance with AFR 200-2
Will Keep AFCIN-464 Informed by
Telephone of Any Important Developments.
Formal Tele-Type Report Has Been Forwarded.


- page 20 -

REPORT (TELEPHONE)

MARTINSBURG, WEST VA

SIGHTING 29 SEPT 1958 0452 EST
TWO BRIGHT LIGHTS - CROSSED
AIRPORT SE TO NW
NO NOISE -
OBJECT SPLIT INTO 3 LIGHTS
AND DISAPPEARED
OBJECT WAS MOVING HORIZONTAL
AT APPROX 500'

SAME AS DC & PITTSBURG


- page 21 -

FACTS -
DET 10 REPORT (TELETYPE)
SCT PAGES

1. DISCOUNTED GLOW ON GROUND -
FOUND TO BE A FLOODLIGHT
ON A BARN. GLOW WAS
SEEN AGAIN AND REPORTED
ON MORNING OF 30 SEPT.

2. DOUBT WAS PERSISTENT FOR
FROM 45-60 SECONDS:
TOWER OPERATOR AT ANDREWS
WAS ABLE TO CALL THE ATTENTION
OF THE WEATHER OFFICER TO
THE OBJECT, TURN OUT
THE OVERHEAD LIGHT, SIT
DOWN AND OBSERVE OBJECT.
OPINION OF THIS OBSERVER
IS THAT THE OBJECT BURNED
OUT - GOING FROM ORANGE
TO GREEN - WHILE TRAVELING
NORTH OR N.W.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

COVER SHEET

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Gatherburg, Md.)

TO: SAFIS-3, Attn: Maj. Tacker
FROM: AFOIN-MEL
DATE: 29 October 1958

COMMENT NO.: 424/Y/Sgt Bellew/ac/6-9216/Blg 828

1. The object sighted on the morning of 29 September 1958, at Gatherburg and Washington, D.C. was also seen and reported by witnesses as far west as Pittsburg. The description, direction of motion and time were all in agreement.

2. The description of the object and possible sound is typical of a meteor which has made an unusually deep penetration into our atmosphere. The observatory at Georgetown University received several reports of this object and their conclusion was that it was a meteor. The descriptive data by one witness that there was more than one object indicates breakup or burnout of the meteor.

3. The ATIC conclusion is that all witnesses saw the same meteor, and that small differences in the description of the item be attributed to the short time of observation, excitement of the witnesses, and a change in appearance due to breakdown and the approach of burnout.

H.K. Gilbert
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-42


- page 23 -

UFO Analysis Sheet

Location: WASHINGTON, D. C. TO PITTSBURGH, PA.

Date: 29 September 1958

Hour (Z): 09252

WX: Clear - Unlimited Visibility - Slight Breeze

Description: Round, flaming or burning very bright. Faint possibility of a tail. Possibly associated with a roaring or fluttering sound.

Direction of Motion: SE to NW at high rate of speed.

Satellite: Coordinated and ruled out. - Time and direction wrong.

Astronomical Phenomena
Meteor, Comet, Planet etc.
Description of object and possible sound points to a meteor which made an unusually deep penetration into our atmosphere. Observatory at Georgetown University had several reports of the sighting and their conclusion was that it was a meteor.

Radar Analysis (AFCIN-4E1): No radar data.

Natural Phenomena
Ball Lightning, etc.
Large area over which this sighting took place. Singular type of occurrence. Weather conditions at the time makes it highly improbable that this was a natural phenomenon.


- page 24 -

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.   Description of flaming or burning round object
rules out balloons. Object seen from Washington, D. C. to Pittsburgh at approximately
the same time indicates a speed much greater than any of todays aircraft.

Other:   No information concerning an errant missile.
The light which was seen on the ground near Washington, D. C. was definitely
determined to be a floodlight on a barn.

Evaluation of Source Reliability: The number and consistency of reports of this incident indicate the information to be both relatively accurate and reliable. Twelve
different persons from Washington, D. C. to Pittsburgh, PA, sighted this object.

Analysis and Conclusions:
In view of all the data in this case, the logical conclusion is that all witnesses sighted a meteor which made an unusually deep penetration into our atmosphere.
The skid-associated report from Pittsburgh indicates possible remains of the item
on the ground, but as yet still undiscovered.

This object was seen at Washington, D. C. and Pittsburgh at approximately the
same time (possible minute differential depending upon the accuracy of the watches
in determining the time). The speed necessary to accomplish this would be approximately 7,000 knots. The description of some witnesses that there was more than one
object indicates the possibility of breakup and burnout of a meteor.


- page 25 -

HEADQUARTERS
2253D AIR BASE GROUP
United States Air Force
Greater Pittsburgh Airport
Coraopolis, Pennsylvania

BO

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Transmitted herewith, in accordance with AFR 200-2, dated
5 February 1958, AFR 200-2A, dated 3 July 1958 and 11th Air Sup-
plement number 1 to AFR 200-2, is the report subject as above.

1 Incl
Ltr, Subj, Unidentified
Flying Objects, dtd 23 Oct
58, w/1 incl.

ROBERT E. FANCHER
Colonel, USAF
Commander

27 OCT 1958


- page 26 -

HEADQUARTERS
2230 Air Rescue Group
United States Air Force
Greater Pittsburgh Airport
Coraopolis, Pennsylvania

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, dated 5 February 1953, AFR 200-2A, dated 3 July 1958 and 11th Air Force Supplement number 1 to AFR 200-2, the following is submitted.

2. On 29 September 1953 between 09252 and 09352, three different sightings were made in the area surrounding Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

First Report
a. (1) Circular
   (2) About size of grapefruit
   (3) Pale Blue
   (4) Two (2)
   (5) In Trail
   (6) Negative
   (7) Negative
   (8) Negative
   (9) Negative

b. (1) Motion of bright lights in the dark sky.
   (2) Approximately a 15° angle from position of person reporting.
   (3) Estimated 2000 feet altitude.
   (4) Same as above.
   (5) Straight and apparently level flight path.
   Trailing object appeared to overtake lead object then lead object appeared to increase in speed.
   (6) Disappeared behind a house. Objects were traveling on an approximate heading of 310° to 320°.
   (7) Two (2) or three (3) seconds.

c. (1) Ground Visual
   (2) Negative
   (3) Negative

d. (1) 09252, 29 September 1958
   (2) Pre-dawn

e. (1) Mount Lebanon (Southern suburbs of Pittsburgh)


- page 27 -

Mount Lebanon, Pittsburgh, Pa.

Reliability - Good

Second Report
a. (1) Round
   (2) About size of green fruit
   (3) Pale Blue
   (4) One (1)
   (5) Negative
   (6) Negative
   (7) Negative
   (8) No active
   (9) Negative
   Object appeared to be disintegrating - had places falling off.

b. (1) The light moving against a dark sky.
   (2) Approximately 1000 feet high and three miles distant
   from observer
   (3) Approximately 1000 feet high and 5 miles distances
   (4) Appeared to be on a straight course of 310° to 320°
   descending slightly
   (5) Appeared to disintegrate
   (6) Three (3) or four (4) minutes

c. (1) Ground - Visual
   (3) Negative

d. (1) 0930Z, 29 September 1958
   (2) Pre-dawn

e. One quarter mile west of the highway 22-30 clover leaf off the Penn-Lincoln Parkway west. Observer was parked in front of the Tastee-Freeze ice cream stand.

f. [Name redacted]
   Works for Pennsylvania Rail Road as a Pipe fitter.
   Reliability - good

Third Report
a. (1) Looked like head of 75 MM shell.
   (2) Size of 75 MM shell at arms length.
   (3) Enclosed in a blue-green tinted flame.
   (4) One (1)
   (5) Not applicable

(2)


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

(6)    Negative
(7)    Left a blue trail with a greenish tint about
        50-60 feet long. Fire was color of kobalt or greenish then on fire.
(8)    Negative
(9)    Negative

b. (1) The fire trail crossing the sky was tinct a dark
        buckground.
   (2) 500 to 600 feet above the ground travel in 330
        to 403 miles per hour.
   (3) Descending on a two (2) degree angle.
   (4) Object traveling on a mean course approximately 312
        to 320 degrees.
   (5) Object appeared to break in air into ten (10) or
        twelve (12) pieces.
   (6) Three (3) to four (4) seconds.

c. (1) Ground - Visual
   (2) Negative
   (3) Negative

d. (1) 093152, 29 September 1958.
   (2) Pre-dawn

e. (1) Three miles east of the Allegheny Tunnel on the
        Pennsylvania Turnpike.

f. Mr. [redacted]
   Pa.
   Sales Engineer, Corrosion Engineering Products Division
   Reliability - Good
   Class of 1939.

g. (1) The weather at the times of all sightings was reported
        as clear by all observers.
   (2) United States Weather Bureau at Greater Pittsburgh
        Airport reported the following:
        0700E surface wind calm 6000-310/10, 16000-290/19,
        16000-290/31, 20000-290/67, 30000-270/65, 50000-270/52, 80000-250/09.
   (3) Negative
   (4) 15 miles +, zero in fog patches in lower areas.
   (5) None
   (6) None

h. (1) Negative

i. (1) Negative

j. (1) None reported

(3)


- page 29 -

Information so specified. The provisions of the National Security Council Implementing Directive for Executive Order 11652 shall be applicable in the case of documents containing information requiring continued protection under these guidelines.

2. Guidelines for the declassification or extended classification of information concerning intelligence sources and methods shall be reviewed annually and personally approved by each Head of the Department or Agency concerned. Initially these guidelines will apply to all such information originated on or before 31 December 1946. In order to facilitate the systematic review requirement imposed on the Archivist of the United States under Executive Order 11652, these or later-developed guidelines may be provided to the National Archives and Records Service as needed.

3. A major purpose of any classification or declassification review is to make available to the general public the maximum amount of data consistent with the obligation to safeguard national security and interests. These interests include the protection of sensitive intelligence sources and methods. Such intelligence is identified as that classified intelligence, the unauthorized disclosure of which could lead to counter-action (1) jeopardizing the continued productivity of intelligence sources or methods that provide intelligence vital to the national security, or (2) offsetting the value of intelligence vital to the national security.

"Sources" can be identified as the origins of information and "methods" as the ways by which intelligence data and/or intelligence sources are developed. In many cases, sources and methods are inseparable.

GUIDANCE

1. GENERAL

a. If, upon review under these guidelines, it is determined that a document must remain classified but much of the information therein could be declassified provided certain limited portions were excised, such as those which identify sensitive intelligence sources and methods, this fact should be noted. This will enable the Archivist to provide sanitized versions of otherwise classified documents to the public provided they are otherwise releasable under the law. However, care should be taken to ensure that the sanitization of a document does not change its meaning.

- 2 -


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112
APPROVED 1 NOV 1958

United States of America

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Subject: Unidentified Flying Objects

AMS Region: Greater Pittsburgh Area, Pittsburgh, Pa.

Date of Report: 23 October 1958     Date of Occurrence: 29 September 1958

Basic Letter: HQ, USAF, Captain, USAF

1 Basic Letter

Distribution:
1 copy to 14th Air Force

UNCLASSIFIED

(At bottom of document)
THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C.,
SECS. 783 AND 794. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

AF FORM 112—PART II                    AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM Greater Pittsburg Airport            REPORT NO.
        Canonsburg, Pennsylvania           Unidentified Flying Object

1. On the morning of 29 September 1958 between *252 and *252 hours sightings were made of unident. fld fly in obj/cts.

2. The first reported sighting was made by [redacted]. It was reported that two pale blue, circular objects traveled in the vicinity of the east to northeast on approximately a radius of 20 to 30 degrees. The objects were traveling at a high rate of speed. Approximately 2 to 3 seconds after the first sighting, the objects were gone. The objects were in view approx 2 to 3 seconds. The location of the sighting was in the Mount Lebanon district of Allegheny, ...

3. The second reported sighting was made on a Pennsylvania railroad track when the observer, who was on his way to work, saw the object. He was parked approximately 200 feet from the tracks. The object was found and pale blue in color and appears to be disintegrating with pieces falling out. Southwest to northeast. It was visible for about three to four minutes. The sighting was made at 0352.

4. The third sighting was made by a salesman from the Koppers Chemical Company of Patrons, Pennsylvania. This sighting was not visible to the observer was traveling northwest on the Pennsylvania Turnpike at 0323, five miles east of the Allegheny Tunnel, which is approximately ~>75 air miles east of Pittsburgh, Pa. The observer reported the object at 50-60 feet above ground level, in the head of a 75 M shell. It was envelope in a blue, green tinge around it. The object was 50-60 feet long. At one point no noise was heard. The object was visible three to four seconds. The object was between 310 to 320 degrees.

5. A field trip was made by helicopter to the area mentioned in paragraph 4. The persons flying in the area were in a concrete area, however no one had seen or heard anything unusual during the period.

6. It is felt by the investigating officer that there was definitely something in the area, however no person will be continued as to what it was or where it came from.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 32 -

k. Base Operations Officer. A field trip was made on
Tuesday, 30 September 1958 to determine the exact spot a UFO object
was seen on the Penna. Turnpike. The spot was located however we
were unable to get off the Turnpike to talk to the people living in
the area. On Thursday, 2 October 1958, the Army Support with a
1-21 Helicopter and we proceeded to the area. Four different families
were contacted with no results. A search was conducted but
nothing was found.

it is the opinion of the reporting officer that time was
definitely a group of unknown objects in the area, however, as to their
origin, composition and mode of propulsion, no comments can be made.

1 Incl
AF Form 112
Copies furnished
OFO, 11th AF

[Signature]
Capt. SAF
Base Operations Officer


- page 33 -

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
WEATHER BUREAU
Cincinnati 2, Ohio

October 3, 1958

Dear Mrs.

Thank you for your interesting report on an
unidentified flying object, but we have no idea what
it could be.

We are forwarding your letter to the Air Force
at Patterson Field, where investigations of such objects
are made.

Yours very truly,

Meteorologist in Charge, Acting

EGSten
cc WBAS
cc USAF,Dayton


- page 34 -

Text found in the document:

21 Sept 58
0925 Z

LEGEND
• WEATHER BUREAU PILOT BALLOON
✦ WEATHER BUREAU PILOT BALLOON AND
RAWIN
◊ AIR FORCE PILOT BALLOON
◊ AIR FORCE RAWIN
◇ NAVY PILOT BALLOON
✛ NAVY RAWIN

J.A.L. 1 (157)

The image is a map of the United States with various symbols indicating locations of weather balloon launches by different agencies (Weather Bureau, Air Force, Navy) across the country.


- page 35 -

RA211
TCZCSOBSS9ZCKOC026
OO RJEDSO
DE RJEDJQ 290
O 291113Z
FM FSC OLMSTED AFB PA
TO RJEDDN/COMDR EADF COLORADO SPRINGS COLO
RJEDS(VOMDR AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CTR WPAFB OHIO
RJEZHO/ASS T CHIEF OF STAFF INTELLIGENCE HQ USAF WASH DC
RJEPH(OFFICE OF INFO SERVICES HQ USAF WASH DC
RJEYSN/COMDR 32ND AIR DIVISION SYRACUSE NY

BT
UFO REPORT
IDL TWR OPERATOR PLT TWA629 AND PLT EASTERN AIR LINE 834
OBSERVED A BRIGHT LIGHT BETWEEN IDL AND PBM AT APPROXIMATELY 800FT
HEADING IN A WESTERLY DIRECTION. AT WHICH TIME THE OBJECT EXPLODED
INTO THREE PARTS AND DISAPPEARED. INFO
RECEIVED FROM NY ARTC AT 29/1035Z. MDT FS
BT
29/1115Z SEP RJEDKO

NNNN


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

ACTION BY UNIT COMMANDER

[Most header fields are blank]

REMARKS:
Object is giving off a whitish light, and travelling at a high rate of speed. No estimate as to be at a height of 2000 feet in a downward slanting direction. The object was visible for three or four seconds and it seemed like a piece fell off, and the light went out. It was his opinion that the object was a meteorite.

On 29 September 1958 the Harrisburg State A/P who advised no aircraft was in the vicinity at the time of the reported incident. The A/P manager advised that no object was sighted in the vicinity by his tower personnel.

On 30 September 1958 interviewed the light tower operator who described the object as giving off a white light, and travelling at a height W.S.W. He stated a piece seemed to drop away from the object which was travelling at a high rate of speed after which the light vanished. He stated at the time the sky was clear and there was no reported A/C in the vicinity. It was his opinion that the object was a meteorite.

On 30 September 1958 interviewed an employee of the harriburg Yards who stated at 0530 on 29 Sept 58 he saw a lighted object traveling in the sky at a fast rate of speed. The object was traveling up river and gave off a whitish light. He described it as being cone shaped with a small end and to the right of the opinion that he saw the object from two or three minutes. He saw a piece drop off and the object passed from his view behind several box cars and he did not see it again. He was unable to state the height of the object and stated he heard no unusual noise. The object seemed to be traveling in a slanting direction towards the earth and was about the size of an automobile.

On 1 Oct 58 interviewed a by telephone who stated on the morning of 29 Sep 58 about 0520 he was driving on the road between Tremont and Pincgrove, Schuylkill Co., Route #125, when he noticed an object in the sky between two mountains. This object resembled the fuselage of an aircraft with windows along the side. The front windows were brighter than the rear windows, and sparks were coming from the rear of the object to estimate two speeds to be the same as a prop driven A/C. The object was traveling between the two mountains at about the same height as the mountains. He estimated the time he saw the object was about one minute, and when he stopped his car to alight, he was between some trees and failed to see the object again. Upon alighting from his car he did not hear any sound resembling a running engine or other motors. He stated a vehicle was stopped ahead of him but he did not know who the occupants were. It was a clear night with no cloud and the moon was in plain view. The mountains were west and west and the object was traveling due north.

[Bottom of page has a government printing office notation]


- page 37 -

COPY

INCIDENT REPORT

DATE: 29 Sep 58
CASE/COMPLAINT NUMBER: 24-54-281

TO: Chief, Security Division                FROM: (Unit/Headquarters) Investigation Section

NATURE OF SUBJECT: UFO

INCIDENT: UFO Sighting over Harrisburg, Pa.

On 29 September 1958 he had received several calls regarding a flying object sighted in the sky in the vicinity of Harrisburg, Pa. He requested a preliminary investigation be conducted to determine the nature and authenticity of the reports.

On 29 September 1958 interviewed A/2C Howard Neely, Tower Operator who stated he was on tower duty at 0530 this date when he noticed a lighted object moving in the sky traveling WSW in the general direction of Harrisburg State A/P. He described the object.

Reporting Officer: CLAYTON A. MC HENRY
Signature: /s/ Clayton A. McHenry

AF FORM 49 (REPLACES GO FORMS 578, 581, AND 582 WHICH ARE OBSOLETE IN THE USAF)


- page 38 -

Mysterious Object
Seen Flying Over
City Early Today

At least a score of persons reported sighting a mysterious flying object in the Harrisburg skies early today.

But as usual, there was no official identification of the object, nor could anyone determine where it came from or where it went. Olmsted Air Force Base at Middletown had five reports of the brilliantly lighted object, but officials pointed out there were the usual differences in describing its color, shape and direction. In addition, more than a dozen persons called The Evening News to inquire about it.

According to most reports, it flew from north to south at about 5:30 a.m. Some described it as a blazing, white triangle, trailing sparks. Others said it had the shape of a barrel. Another said it had no distinguishable shape.

Olmsted officials said it could have been a jet or a meteorite.

At the bottom of the page, there is a handwritten note: "Incl #1"


- page 39 -

Here is the text from the document:

Supt
HEW

Aug 2, 1958

Dear Sir:

On Mon. morning Sept. 29 at approx 5:45 AM, as I was out being toward my barn I saw a large, clear light in the sky moving with a high rate of speed from east to west.

It appeared to be a mile or so distant and possibly 500 ft high.

As I watched it seemed to divide into two-light and then in turn divided again, with two lights leading the other two. They did not have nor alter course while doing this.


- page 40 -

I apologize, but the text appears to be handwritten in cursive script and is difficult to read with complete certainty. While I can see there is writing on the page, I cannot confidently transcribe the full text without potentially introducing errors. The writing appears to be in English, written in a flowing cursive style, but the specific words and sentences are not clearly legible to me.


- page 41 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

manufacturers in plane parts

If you should not wish to
contact me from usual by time
exchange. Please home drop
except Saturday again Sunday.

Sincerely, your.

[Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty, so I've transcribed them as best I can.]


- page 42 -

August 2, 1958

Dear Sir:

On Mon. morning, Sept. 29th at approx 5:45 A.M. as I was walking toward my barn I saw a large blue light in the sky moving at a high rate of speed from east to west.

It appeared to be a mile or so distant and possibly 500 ft high.

As I watched it seemed to divide into two lights and these in turn divided again with two lights ahead of one. They did not pause all course while doing this. When this maneuver was completed nothing visible remained. There was no vapor trail and no sound.

The whole sighting did not last over four seconds.

That same afternoon I read the enclosed piece in the Erie paper.

I told the incident to some of the fellows at the shop where I work and one of them (an ex air force pilot) advised me to write to you people about it. I have nothing to do this account. I am white, male, 53 years old. I work at a small shop at Corry, Pa. which manufactures airplane parts.

If you should wish to contact me I am usually home evenings. No home days except Saturday and Sunday.

Sincerely yours,
/s/

C
O
P
Y


- page 43 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

21 October 1958

Dear [redacted]

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your letter of 2 October 1958 concerning your sighting of an unidentified flying object on the morning of 29 September 1958 at approximately 6 a.m. near Columbus, Pennyslvania.

We have received a number of letters concerning this same sighting and the local newspapers featured this sighting from Frederick, Maryland, to Pittsburg, Pennsylvania.

An Air Force team has completed their investigation and has forwarded all the facts concerning this sighting to the Air Technical Intelligence Center for analysis and evaluation. Preliminary results indicate the object was a meteorite which broke up in the earth's lower atmosphere.

Again, thank you for your interest in this matter. Your letter will be included in the case file of this sighting at the Air Technical Intelligence Center.

For your information, I am enclosing Department of Defense fact sheets on the subject of unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

2 Enclosures

[Recipient address redacted]
Pennsylvania

cc: ATIC [rest of text illegible]


- page 44 -

AFOIN-424/W/Sgt Bolieu/ac
6-9216/Bldg 828
Typed 8 Oct 58

AFOIN-4

Milan, Indiana

Dear Mrs.

Your letter, dated 30 September 1958, addressed to the weather Bureau at Boone County Airport, was forwarded to this center.

The information submitted by you is very limited. Therefore, it would be appreciated if you and your husband would fill in the attached forms in as much detail as possible and return them to this Center in the enclosed self-addressed stamped envelope.

Your interest in this program is appreciated.

Sincerely,

H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

2 Incls:
1. 2 cy ATC Fm
2. Add. Envelope


- page 45 -

Remarks:
The object sighted by [illegible] is no doubt the same object sighted in the Washington, D. C. area.

From Name or Title: T/Sgt James O. Bollieu
Organization and Location: AFOIN-124
Date: 8 Oct 58
Telephone: B-9216

DD Form 95

Mystery
Bright Object
Shooting Flame
Seen In Sky

HARRISBURG (UPI)--Olmsted Air Force Base today received report of a mysterious object shooting across the central Pennsylvania skies early today.

The descriptions from nine individuals reporting to the base varied, but most agreed it was a bright object emitting sparks and spouting a well-colored flame and traveling east to west.

The object was seen by five persons at Middletown and four employees at the base. In addition reports were received by newspaper and radio stations.

An Air Force spokesman said no search was instituted at the base, but the information was sent on to the Air Force's Air Material Command headquarters at Dayton, Ohio, for analysis by a project officer on "unidentified objects."


- page 46 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

Name or Title: Major Tucker

Organization and Location: SAFIS-3

Remarks:
The object sighted is apparently the same one sighted in the Washington, D.C. area. The object has all the characteristics of a meteor breaking apart. If a meteor is close enough to the earth, as this one was, it will make quite a noise.

From Name or Title: Major Robert J. Friend

Organization and Location: AFGIN-464

Date: 8 Oct 58
Document Number: 6-9216

The document is a DD Form 95 routing slip with standard administrative routing sections mostly left blank.


- page 47 -

Air Material Command
Dayton, O.                                                                Sept. 29, 1958

I would like to report an experience I had early this morning, about six o'clock.

I was driving south towards Frederick, Md. and was about eight miles from the town when a light seemed to come off my car. It was about five hundred feet high and travelling from East to West, it's path was toward the ground on a path that a plane would make when on a twenty to one glide. It's speed was faster than an approaching plane but its approach path was about the same.

My reaction to the slight was that I could not remember any landing field Northwest of Frederick, Md.

In about half a minute I came upon a car that I had been following. In this car were my two sons and a friend of their's. They had stopped their car and were standing outside of it and quite excited. The light had seen had passed directly in front and above them, they could hear it as well as see it. All three were agreed that as the light came very close to the ground and at a distance to their right, to the West, it lost it's entirely and became three lights, one large one and two small ones, the latter became extinct quickly but the main one continued on to the ground. Also they are positively agreed that it was not an airplane.

The weather was CAVU. I am a pilot with more than eight thousand hours, being actively engaged as an Army instructor during the last war and since the have been employed as an instructor in commercial aircraft and for the past five years have held a position as an executive pilot. My oldest son is twenty years old and is now working for Capital Airlines at Washington National Airport, my other son is a Junior in High School, their friend is a Navy electronic student at New London, Conn.

I have referred to it as a light because there was no downward beam customarily seen from a plane's landing lights, and it was more of a bluish light than an amber one.

Very truly yours


- page 48 -

21 October 1958

Dear [redacted]

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your letter of 29 September 1958 concerning your sighting of an unidentified flying object on the morning of 29 September at approximately 6 a.m. near Frederick, Maryland.

We have received a number of letters concerning this same sighting and the local newspapers featured this sighting from Frederick, Maryland, to Pittsburg, Pennsylvania.

An Air Force Team has completed their investigation and has forwarded all the facts concerning this sighting to the Air Technical Intelligence Center for analysis and evaluation. Preliminary results indicate the object was a meteor which broke up in the atmosphere.

Again, thank you for your interest in this matter. Your letter will be included in the case file of this sighting at the Air Technical Intelligence Center.

For your information, I am inclosing Department of Defense fact sheets on the subject of unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

2 Enclosures

[redacted]
Pennsylvania

CC: ATIC w/original ltr [redacted]


- page 49 -

UFO Analysis Sheet

Location: WASHINGTON, D.C. TO PITTSBURGH, PA.

Date: 29 September 1958

Hour (Z): 0952

WX: Clear - Unlimited Visibility - Slight Breeze

Description: Round, flaming or burning very bright. Faint possibility of a trail. Possibly associated with a roaring or fluttering sound.

Direction of Motion: SE to NW at high rate of speed.

Satellite: Coordinated and ruled out. - Time and direction wrong.

Astronomical Phenomena
Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.
Description of object and possible sound points to a meteor which made an unusually deep penetration into our atmosphere. Observatory at Georgetown University had several reports of the sighting and their conclusion was that it was a meteor.

Radar Analysis (AFCIN-4/E1): No radar data.

Natural Phenomena
Ball Lightning, etc.
Type of occurrence: Large area over which this sighting took place. Singular weather conditions at the time add to the improbability.


- page 50 -

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.
Rules out balloons. Object seen from Washington, D.C. to Pittsburgh at approximately the same time indicates a speed much greater than any of today's aircraft.

Other:
No information concerning an errant missile.
The light which was seen on the ground near Washington, D.C. was definitely determined to be a floodlight on a barn.

Evaluation of Source Reliability:
The number and consistency of reports of this incident indicate the information to be both relatively accurate and reliable. Twelve different persons from Washington, D.C. to Pittsburgh, Pa. sighted this object.

Analysis and Conclusions:
In view of all the data in this case, the logical conclusion is that all witnesses sighted a meteor which made an unusually deep penetration into our atmosphere. The still unofficial report from Pittsburgh indicates possible remains of the item on the ground, but as yet still undiscovered.

This object was seen at Washington, D.C. and Pittsburgh at approximately the same time (possible minute difference depending upon the accuracy of the witnesses in determining the time). The speed necessary to accomplish this would be approximately 7,000 knots. The description of some witnesses that there was more than one object indicates the possibility of breakup and burnout of a meteor.


- page 51 -

Sept. 30, 58

Boone Co. Airport:

You may or may not be concerned about this observation.

TIME: Monday Sept. 29, 1958 (nite) at 4:30 A.M.

WHAT: A green light - coming from the direction the airplane taxied when leaving Boone Co. east - over toward the hospital - in the east lot - toward the north.

SIZE: O.k. about 5 or 10 times as bright as a star

COLOR: A few shades bright and deeper - can't describe parts.

BEHAVIOR: Stationary about twice the speed of an airplane. Dropping picked of green light which trailed a beam of and went out. Like a rocket which was burning the light itself "burnt out" just about in a due east direction.

Since it seemed to come from your direction, it would seem best to send this observation report to you.

My kindest also can't.

Mrs. [name blacked out]
Milan, Ind.

No answer here.
off. Hrs.


- page 52 -

1 - 13 OCTOBER 1958 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER           EVALUATION
Oct 1   Columbus, Ohio             [redacted]         Insufficient Data
Oct 1   Bell Buckle, Tennessee     [redacted]         Astro (METRO R)
1       Roxholm, North Dakota      [redacted]         Astro (ARCTURUS)
2       Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania  [redacted]         UNIDENTIFIED
4       Deming, New Mexico         [redacted]         Other (REFLECTION)
5       Warren, Ohio                [redacted]        Astro (METEOR)
5       Norton, Connecticut        [redacted]         Astro (METEOR)
6       Xenia, Ohio                [redacted]         Aircraft
7       Alexandria, Virginia       [redacted]         Aircraft
8       Pleasant Hill, California  [redacted]         Aircraft (HELO)
9       Gulf of Campeche, Mexico   [redacted]         Other (WEATHER BUOY)
9       Groveland, Massachusetts   [redacted]         Aircraft
9       Barahona, Dominican Republic [redacted]       Astro (METEOR)
9       Green River Lakes, Wyoming [redacted]         Astro (POMALIAUT)
10      Temple, Oklahoma           [redacted]         Other (HOAX)
10      Holloman AFB, New Mexico   [redacted]         Aircraft
11      Laredo, Texas              [redacted]         Astro (RADAR)
12      Valparaiso, Chile          [redacted]         Astro (METEOR)
12      Uruguay                    [redacted]         Astro (METEOR)
12      Elkhorn Williams Bay, Wisconsin [redacted]    Insufficient Data
12      Egg Harbor City, New Jersey [redacted]        Balloon
13      Northern Ohio              [redacted]         Aircraft
13      Kleinostheim, Germany      [redacted]         Other (CHAFT)
13      Uruguay                    [redacted]         Astro (METEOR)
13      Cameron, Arizona           [redacted]         Aircraft
13-31 Mar 59 Black Sea, Turkey missing [redacted]     Astro (METEOR)
                                                      Other (CHAFT)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES):

DATE    LOCATION                   SOURCE             EVALUATION
Oct     Eastern Oregon             Newsclipping       [redacted]
Oct     Salem, Oregon              Newsclipping       [redacted]
3       Brooklyn, New York         Ltr, Newsclipping  [redacted]
6       Clifton Park, New Jersey   Newsclipping       [redacted]
6       Stephensburg, Kentucky     Newsclipping       [redacted]


- page 53 -

TD-E/Major Friend/w/69216                                   11 SEP 1961
Request for Information

Mr. 
Columbus 13, Ohio

Dear Mr. 

Case files of sightings of unidentified flying objects are filed by date and location, and your letter to the USAF requesting information on a sighting made by you did not include description of information. If you will provide us with the date and location of your sightings, we will be happy to send you information as to our findings regarding the case.

Sincerely

EDWARD H. WINN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

COORDINATION: TD-E                                        DATE 11 Sep'61
             Major Robert W. Friend


- page 54 -

Air Technical Intelligence Center
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Attn: Alright


- page 55 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
27 Sept. 1958
Day Month Year
Check date on letter written 9/28/58

2. Time of day: 4 20
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] Milan Indiana
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or Country

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: Hours Minutes 15 to 25 Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 56 -

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Assistant Adjutant

Dear Sir:

I am writing in regards to a U.F.O. sighting in which the ATIC was interested.

I reported a U.F.C. sighting which was relayed to you through Washington D.C. A questionnaire was asked for explanation and detailed information on the sighting near completion. I sent it to ATIC and have received no word of receipt or comment. Was there a reason for this?

To the U.S. Government slowly preparing the American people to release the explanation behind U.F.O's without acclaim? I submit whether this steady release of information on U.F.O's.

Sincerely,


- page 57 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAFOI-34/MEBur d/T7291

20 October 1960

Dear Mr. [redacted]

I refer to your recent letter to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center regarding the sighting of a UFO you reported to the Air Force in 1958. Since you did not include any other information (such as date and place), it was impossible to locate the case in the ATIC files. Therefore, we ask that you forward to ATIC the date of the sighting and where it occurred.

In the event you did not fill out the Air Force Questionnaire I am enclosing one which I suggest you complete and forward the memory and forward the completed document to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for their analysis and evaluation.

For your information I am enclosing the latest Department of Defense fact sheet on UFOs which clearly states the position of the Air Force and the Department of Defense on this subject.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

2 Inclosures
c/a

Mr. [redacted]
Columbus 13, Ohio

[Stamp/notation at bottom partially illegible]
1960 OCL 51 JT JL

Comeback OI-3a
Reader OI-1


- page 58 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-4.82x

SUBJECT: Request for Information (Nr [redacted])

TO: SAFOI-3d (L/Col Tacker)

1. Mr [redacted] wrote to ATIC and requested information concerning a sighting he reported to the Air Force in 1958. Mr Israel did not include the date, or any other information concerning his sighting and therefore it was impossible to locate the case in our file.

Suggest you request the witness to forward the date of the sighting and the name of the place where it occurred to the Air Force.

2. Suggest the latest "Fact Sheet" be forwarded to [redacted].

3. The address is:
[redacted]
Columbus 13, Ohio

FOR THE COMMANDERS:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

[Handwritten notes on right side of document, partially illegible]


- page 59 -

Here is the text from the document:

6 Oct 1960

Dear Sir,

In your reply to my unidentified flying object sighting, you stated that the information I gave you would be used in your continuing analysis.

Could you please send me any information you have released since Sept. 58 on this analysis or on information received since Sept. 58 on UFO's.

Thank you very much,

[Signature area blacked out]

Cols. 13, Ohio


- page 60 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location: Columbus, Ohio

Date (Local): Sunday Oct 1958    Hour (Local): 0600
Hour (Z Time Group):1100Z

Satellite: (Det 5 ATIC, Ext 3279) -------

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc)-------

Radar Analysis (AFCIN-LE1)    N/A

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc)-------

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc -----

Other: Insuff data (old report)

Evaluation of Source Reliability: Unknown

Analysis and Conclusions: This report was sent in two (2) years after the incident occurred. It is possible that it could have been a light on an aircraft or balloon, but due to the lapse of time an investigation of the incident is impracticable.


- page 61 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

A - last spotted
B - faded out

A & B about 15 MIN.

90° Zenith

Directional numbers/compass points on the bottom of the diagram:
180° S
135° SE
90° E
45° NE
0° N
315° NW
270° W
225° SW

The image appears to be a celestial/sky observation diagram showing a hemispherical view with compass directions and elevation angles.


- page 62 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
SIGNATURE: [redacted]
DATE: 24-10-60

I was looking around the sky when I saw this slow moving object. It was far out, when was no sound that I heard or could tell that I saw. It followed a fairly steady course and moved at a constant speed. It traveled in my sight about 40-50 across the sky. It failed out after 15 minutes.


- page 63 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? [handwritten note partially illegible]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]     Cols     13     Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
Age: 18     Sex: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
AM PRESENTLY ENROLLED AS A FRESHMAN AT OSC
AND I AM TAKING GEOGRAPHY. THIS HAS INVOLVED
LAT. LONG. AND LONGITUDINAL DISTANCES IN RELATION
WITH THE NORTH STRIP AND DEGREES

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 24     10     68
                                          Day   Month   Year


- page 64 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Mthc. letter etc.

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Outside of AKRON, OHIO - about 1952 IN SUMMER at a YMCA camp - object so was almost overhead

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I DO NOT SEE how the object could be IDENTIFIED without physical EVIDENCE, but it was APPARENT this was not & like ANYTHING I have heard of before. I'm sure it wasn't AN AIRPLANE, but NEAR or OVERHEAD.


- page 65 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 66 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?   b. Several blocks away?   c. A block away?   d. Several yards away?   e. Other

[Handwritten notes on this section appear to describe the brightness being like a headlight but just giving off a glow]

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts - explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness? - seemed to differ
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other


- page 67 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other: LUCKY/AFD

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
DOING CARRYING POP BS, PARKED THROUGH SKY,
AND SAW THIS OBJECT MOVING SLOWLY

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you see at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)
Yes                 No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North     190     degrees.
b. From horizon        35      degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North     140     degrees.
b. From horizon        45      degrees.


- page 68 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a curved path with "A" and "B" marked, and "HORIZON" noted]

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
like THE STARS in the SKY, not as big, might not be big

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The object would have been between 1/2 to 1/4 COVERED

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
into sky     YES, PHOPED OUT

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give same appearance as the object
a pinhead about 8° from me


- page 69 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light   b. Shiny   c. Dark   d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
[Handwritten note appears to be added to this section]

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
[All options circled as "No"]

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Vapor   d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other [Handwritten note appears to be added]


- page 70 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: no sound
    b. Color: bright white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
    Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
    MOVING EAST                                                almost round

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember

19. IF THERE was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 71 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Subt. -09-17? OCT 58 Year

2. Time of day: 6c
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight
b. Standard Saving

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Columbus                                                 Ohio
Nearest Postal Address                                   City or Town                                   State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight?                          16
                                                          Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                                      NIGHT
a. Bright                                                a. Bright
b. Cloudy                                                b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. If back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 15 Oct 54.


- page 72 -

Here is the text from the document:

YG4                                                                Oct 14, 55

Air Tech. & Dist. Cen't,
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Dear Sir,

Enclosed are the questionnaire you asked us to fill out. I'm sorry I can't remember the exact date we saw the object, but you will have my first letter in your files. My mistake was undoubtedly slightly different but I'm hopeful that way this helps to do something.

I hope this report is satisfactory. We could possibly give a better description, and we were happy to do so.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 73 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: none
    b. Color: Bright green

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wing, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of circular/oval objects with directional arrows]

The light traveled from south to north a straight course. It first appeared oblong, narrowed, and then oblong again with somewhat less width. As it turned, showed a pivot or a particular pivot line something like on left side object. They appeared to be but did not display much disappearance.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Bottom section of the page is blank]


- page 74 -

