PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 4 Jan 58
2. LOCATION: Mankato, Kansas
3. TIME GROUP: Local dawn
4. GMT: Not legible
5. PHOTOS: No
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 mins
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
9. COURSE: Not specified
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Rpt of strange a/c w/aerials about shape & size of strato-cruiser. Observer vad at dawn.
11. COMMENTS: Observation of one of the new WR-2 type a/c w/radar search aerials. A/C has same general configuration as strato-cruiser.
12. CONCLUSIONS: All boxes are unchecked


- page 1 -

Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

After spending the night of January 3rd at the Sleepy Hollow
Motel in Mankato, Kansas, my wife and I motored east on
Highway 36.

I started out with the headlights on but switched to park-
ing lights after a few miles. We were driving at approximately
60 miles per hour when my wife said, "What is that?" and
motioned to the right.

To say I was surprised at what I saw would be an understatement.
At about 15 degrees to the right and at a distance - though
to be less than a mile there was an airplane a large one,
Possibly a strat cruiser. It appeared to be in flight not
far above the horizon, and I was afraid it would lard before
we got to a point where we could take a good picture, and we
drove possibly 3/4 of a mile before stopping on top of a low
hill.

What was so astounding about this plane was its appearance.
It was entirely a luminous red in color and the outline of
its form was clear. Extending above the cockpit to a dis-
tance equal to at the cockpit to the nose of the
plane was an aerial with a white light at the top. The aerial
was not red or luminous but its form was clearly outlined.

When we stopped we could see that the plane was not flying
but was stationary above the horizon.

Between the point where we first saw the plane and where we
stopped my wife had been adjusting the camera for a picture.
As we stopped she lowered the window and got the target
centered when she said, "I've got it is adjusted for a moving
object so I'd better readjust it."

While she was doing this I saw that another aerial extended
up half way from the cockpit to the tail but was not lighted
at its tip.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

page 2

Before she could get her camera focused again I saw that the nose of the plane was disappearing and told her to hurry or she would be too late to get a picture. She looked and raised the camera but didn't take the picture as the plane was disappearing in a: irregular line and continued to do so back through the cockpit and finally through the tail until all that was left was the white light of the aerial which showed for a few moments and then was gone.

The sky was clouded in that direction and only two lines of light from the sun could be seen: after the plane disappeared. One was in line with the spot where the plane had been and the other farther above the horizon.

The time lapse from when we first sighted it until it disappeared was several minutes, possibly five.

What was this phenomenon?

What caused it?

Are there planes in existence which have aerials similar to the ones mentioned?

If what we saw was the image of a plane where was the original located?

Have you received any reports from others who saw this object?

Thank you for any information.

Respectfully,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 3 -

SAFIS-3/Maj Tacker/jmd/7A066/22 Feb 58

24 February 1958

Dear Mr.

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your letter of 20 January 1958 addressed to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, concerning an unidentified flying object.

The object you observed was probably one of the near-radar-search aircraft designated WR-2. This aircraft has the same general configuration of a strato-cruiser, as mentioned in your letter.

For your information illustrations of this type aircraft are enclosed, together with latest Department of Defense Fact Sheet on this subject, dated 5 November 1957.

Thank you again for your interest in this subject.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Inclosures
c/s

Emil, Minnesota

COMEBACK-SAFIS-3
READER-SAFIS-1
SYABACK-SAFIS-3


- page 4 -

