PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
9 - 12 Jan 58

2. LOCATION
1. Myrtle Beach -Florence S.C.
2. Tabor City, N.C.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 10/0120Z 2,1920

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1.6-30 mins(varied) 8 obs
2.15 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
NSW Hovering

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
2-7 persons sighted obj half-moon shape, fifteen to 20 times larger than average star alternately hovering over horizon in rotational & down movement & then pendular motion at intervals. Obj showed reddish-yellow & appeared to have bright red & white streaks shooting as a trail. 

Description of shape varied among observers from half-moon to slightly oblong to frame-like. Size varied in time to five it wise & 5 ft high. Color: gray, yellow, blinding white streaks extending horizontally.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical Venus
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Other:
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

COMMENTS
Astro computers & charts show Venus in almost exactly the clear & azimuth given by observers. Additional info relates case to Myrtle Beach S.C. sighting of 9 Jan-12 Jan. Identified as Venus.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Visible text on the document:

Illata

Jan 10 1958

3/4E41
44x22

Most of the text on the page is illegible due to poor image quality and faintness of the typewritten or handwritten text. The page appears to be a document from Project Blue Book with some date and numerical notations.


- page 2 -

The text in the top portion of the document is largely illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. 

In the lower portion of the document, the legible text reads:

"than an object was seen over several
areas. No elevations, azimuth or other EE15
or reported here."

At the bottom of the page is a signature that appears to read "Joseph Hyle".


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

United States
354th Recon Wing (TacR) 9 and 12 Jan 58
Myrtle Beach AFB, S. C.

Prepared by: Chark, Captain, USAF
Intelligence Officer

(see AF Form 112a) (8) civilians (8) students

Msg. Otto WDOI 1-167, 354th FITRON, AFB 200-2

Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

UFOB sighted by eight (8) civilians in Bar City, S.C. area approximately 1920 hours (EST), 9 Jan 58. Unidentified sources at Myrtle Beach AFB and Florence, S.C. reported UFOB might be in the area at approximate same time. Associated Press report in Charleston, S.C. newspaper indicated numerous UFOB sightings throughout South Carolina on 12 Jan 58.

APPROVED:
JAMES F. HACKLER, JR.
Colonel
Director of Operations

Distribution: (secret USAF and title)
ADC, Org to Comdg, MATS
Copy to Comdg, ATIC

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws. Title 18, U.S.C. Sections 793 and 794...

The document is marked UNCLASSIFIED at the top and bottom of the page.


- page 4 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

384th Fighter-Day Wing (TAC)
Myrtle Beach AFB, S. C.

IBM-58                PAGE 1 OF 3 PAGES

The following major paragraphs 1 through 7 each follow the reporting format of UFOB report as contained in basic message 74, AFR 200-2. All paragraphs subsequent to paragraph 7, this report, are self-explanatory. Sources of information are identified with their respective sources of each paragraph.

1. (1) Description of the object: a. Half-moon with rounded ends, sloped to right as seen from observation point. b. Diam at arms length. c. Fiery red and yellow, blending. d. One (1). e. N/A. f. Hazy. (2) Description of course of object: a. Straight and level. b. Elevation about 10째, just over tree tops. c. Azimuth from Tabor City, N.C. d. Plying, arising motion, right and left, also perceivable up and down movement. (3) Disappeared without fading or abrupt motion. f. Thirteen (13) minutes. (4) Source of observation: a. Ground-visual. b. 1001 zcs. (5) Location of observers: South city limits of Tabor City, North Carolina. George GM870706, civilian, age 33, radio and sales announcer, Box 8, Tabor City, N.C.

2. (1) Description of the object: a. Round. b. Nickel at arms length. c. Reddish-yellow. d. One (1). e. N/A. f. Emanating from edges. g. No definite tail. h. Sound of something like a station. i. None. (2) Description of course of object: a. Disappeared to look out of living room window and noticed object. b. Came about 1째. (3) Stopped; azimuth W from TABOR CITY, N.C. c. Shifting right and left, up and down in a 15-20째 pattern. d. Abrupt motion. f. Eleven (11) minutes. (5) Manner of observation: a. Ground-visual. b. No stops. (6) Location of observers: South city limits of TABOR CITY, N.C. i. 1001 zcs. (7) Identification of source: George GM870706, civilian, age 31, housewife, Box 8, TABOR CITY, N.C.

3. (1) Description of the object: a. Indefinite, slightly oblong. b. Bright red and yellow. c. One (1). d. Slightly elongated from and red to bright end vol. e. None. f. White streams emanating from edges. (2) Description of course of object: a. Straight and level. b. Course of object. c. Source: Diagram in slow undulating movement. d. Right 125째 minutes. (3) Manner of observation: a. Ground-visual. b. No appreciable altitude. c. N/A. (4) Source of observation: a. Not 1001 zcs from TABOR CITY, N.C. (5) Location of observers: High school, TABOR CITY, N.C.

4. (1) Description of the object: a. Round. b. Reddish then light. c. Dull red. d. White streams. e. N/A. f. More than changing position. (2) Description of course of object: a. Angle of elevation. b. Straight and level. c. Over TABOR CITY, N.C. d. Plying, attempting to observe the object. f. No optical aids. (5) Location of observation: a. 1001 zcs. b. Night. (5) Location of observers: TABOR CITY, N.C.

(continued)

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

ORIGINATING AGENCY: 354th Fighter-Day Mag (TAC)
Myrtle Beach AFB, S. C.

REPORT NO: IR-1-58
PAGE 2 OF 3 PAGES

[The rest of the text includes detailed descriptions of objects, their movements, and observations, with sections numbered 5 through 10. Some specific details include:

(7) Weather and winds aloft in Myrtle Beach AFB area
(8) None
(9) On 13 Jan 58, the 354th PITRG Intelligence Section received a letter from Maj UPTON, Base Security Officer, Major City Broadcasting Company, TABOR CITY, S.C.

The bottom of the page contains a warning about the document containing information related to national defense of the United States.

Some text appears to be redacted or blacked out.]


- page 6 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

ORIGINATING AGENCY: 354th Fighter-Day Wing (TAC), Myrtle Beach AFB, S.C.
REPORT NO: IR-1-58
PAGE 3 OF 3 PAGES

[The document contains details about a bright object sighting, with entries describing observations at different times. Key points include:]

10. At approximately 2040 hours (EST), the Dispatcher on duty at Base Operations advised the reporting officer of a sighting.

11. At approximately 2110 hours (EST), 9 Jan 58, the Myrtle Beach AFB Control Tower Operator contacted the Florence S.C. Weather Bureau for a weather check.

12. The 13 Jan 58 edition of the Charleston newspaper carried a sighting report. The text describes sightings of a bright light in the sky over South Carolina early that morning.

[The document notes sightings in various locations including SPARTANBURG, WAYNE, CECIL, ORANGEBURG, FLORENCE, and AUGUSTA, GA. Several state highway patrolmen reported seeing the light.]

13. The information was collected by First Lieutenant Joseph R. Clarkson and others, and prepared by Captain Allan P. Crerar, Wing Intelligence Officer.

[The bottom of the document contains a warning about the document's classification and sensitivity.]

The document is marked UNCLASSIFIED at both top and bottom.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

NAL HERALD
Downtown Tomorrow - An Even Greater Dayton
DAYTON, OHIO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1957 36 F

Venus--So Bright--Causing Quite A Stir
VENUS, THE EVENING STAR, last night caused a flurry of telephone calls to the sheriff's office and The Journal Herald. Numerous persons reported seeing the planet between 7:30 p.m. last night (at right) near the courthouse and in the vicinity of the new hospital, hearing from a point near the lodging house. (Staff photo by George Kisken)


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Venus Most Prominent

Venus, the only planet now visible in the evening, is a brilliant object in the sky and will soon be joined by the brilliant Aldebaran, "shoaling stars."

By JAMES STOKLEY

That brilliant object you see in the southwestern sky these evenings as dark ness falls is no an airplane, a flying saucer, or a meteor, but the planet Venus, one of an experiment.

What you see is the planet Venus, now reaching its great prominence, which comes just before its disappearance from the evening sky early in 1958.

Venus is far brighter than any other star or planet seen in the night sky and there is no difficulty in identifying it. Indeed, it can be observed long before the sky is dark enough to see other stars, and you can even see it in broad daylight.

After it passed behind the sun last April 14, Venus has gradually been drawing to the east of the sun. That means that it will be visible in the evening sky after sunset, and will remain visible in the west for a while after the sun has set. In fact, for the next few weeks, Venus will be moving toward the sun again.

Because of its early setting, Venus does not now appear as far above the November evening skies, which show their appearance about 10:00 p.m., your own local time. Venus will be visible from 5:00 p.m. on the 15th and 8:00 p.m. on the 30th.

Bright Birds in the Sky

These maps do, however, show the stars that are now visible. Toward the west is Deneb, at the top of the constellation of Cygnus, the really first star of the constellation of Cygnus, the swan. Deneb is the brightest star in that constellation. Below Cygnus is Pegasus, which represents the wings, and the lower parts of the stars has long neck, stretched forward in flight. At the head is Alpheratz, a star in the constellation of Andromeda, a small first-magnitude star.

Vega, in Lyra, the lyre, is another first-magnitude star. To the left, with the star Altair, you can see the four stars that make up the Summer Triangle.

In the lower right of the map, among the brightest, there characteristic arrangement makes them a good starting place for learning the sky. Pegasus, which actually, is upside down in the sky, at the row of stars extending westward from the lower right corner of the square is its head.

The star is Alpheratz, in the constellation of Andromeda. It is seen in the north. Cassiopeia, is seen to the south, a group forming the letter M, which is easily recognized. Andromeda's mother, Cassiopeia, is seen in the north, a group forming the letter W, which is easily recognized. Alpheratz is her husband, the king, Cepheus.

Turning now toward the east, we can see what is generally considered to be the finest constellation in the sky and making its debut for the season.

Orion Becomes's Finest

This is Orion, the warrior, easily recognized because of the three stars in a row that form his belt. To the left is Betelgeuse, to the right is Rigel, both of the first magnitude, although being so low in the sky they do not appear as bright as they will in the coming month. Here was of last above Orion is Taurus, the bull, with brilliant Aldebaran, and to the left of this constellation is the Pleiades, with the first magnitude Capella.

Although only Venus now will is brilliant in the evening sky, other planets will be visible. Jupiter will be rising in the east, near the constellations of Virgo. It is close to the bright star Spica. However, it exceeds the star in brilliance.

Further east in Mars, rising about an hour ahead of the sun. Its brightness is about half that of Spica. Mercury and Saturn are both too near the sun to be easily visible in November.

Shower of "Stars" to Come

November is the month bringing one of the year's famous showers of meteors, or "shooting stars," which appear from about the 13th to the 16th.

They are most numerous after midnight, because then we are on the forward side of the earth in its annual movement around the sun. Thus, we meet them head-on. This is different from the evening hours when we are on the rearward part, and see only those that catch up to us.

[The document also contains two star charts/maps showing constellation positions, but as per instructions, I will not describe those charts.]


- page 9 -

