The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 
2. LOCATION 
3. SOURCE 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION 
7. COURSE
8. PHOTOS
   D Yes
   D No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
   D Yes
   D No
10. CONCLUSION
    INFORMATION ONLY
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
This case was reported in March-April 1966. Since the actual sighting had occurred some time ago it is almost impossible to get accurate data. Therefore this case is considered INFORMATION ONLY.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document related to a UFO sighting report.

TRANSCRIPTION:

Project Blue Book Information Office
WADC 
Dear Sir: 
Quite belatedly, I have decided to report a UFO sighting. This took place eight years ago near Bowers, Minnesota (44'51, 93"30) to the north of Litchfield, concerning which I was advised to write you.

Reciting what there is an unusual in reported sightings lately, and your office is interested in accumulating such for comparison studies, I have decided to communicate this, although the sighting is of an old grand. My experience:

On June 3, 1958 there was still considerable covering of snow on the ground. At 10:45 p.m. on that date, while walking in an open field, I observed a faintly luminescent aerial object, of an elongated or oval shape, about the size of a small automobile, passing silently at a rather low altitude from northwest to southeast. It was visible for about 15 to 20 seconds. The night was clear and starry.

I would appreciate any comments your office may care to make on this report.

Yours truly,
Bernard C. Ruik

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a hand-written account or document from Project Blue Book.

A clear, cold night we watched the light came our allyy road
near our old home, Richard and I about 4 miles to the right I
saw a light which I at first thought to be that of a train
which would be heading north on the tracks which cross the
country road about half a mile ahead of me. As I walked along
I suddenly realized at could not be on a train. It continued
to me at a steady pace, and coming toward straight
me. at about 100 feet altitude. It seemed larger as it approached
and appeared to be of the size of a medium one,
it out.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains only handwritten text.

Text transcribed from the image:

I felt inside the road, & got the impression it was someone coming along. It seemed to me they were trying to blind me with a light. Something huge, light (like a big spotlight light) directly in my face. I am not sure if it actually came. I felt the vibration from the obstacle and sensible to find my voice, I ducked down near a snowbank. I felt the warmth pass over me more than I noticed up terminal and saw the string of its glow as it went over the woods on the other side of the road in a northerly direction. The light was mostly white to expect one when it about.

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a handwritten document or report. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract and output the text found in the document:

It is nice away of see you. 1 have a blue-green light around it and again as it approaching the hill near me.
I had read only a little about UFOs and had not been overly interested. the sighting was dated in
4-5 minutes of the time. there are reports lately and some of the lights, I thought my experience might be with reporting.

Yours truly
[Redacted]

- page 5 -

The image contains a map showing the constellations and their relative positions in the night sky. The map is labeled "Constellations Shine" and includes information about upcoming astronomical events, such as solar eclipses and the transit of Mercury.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

Constellations Shine
As they grow brighter, constellations often occur to come, including tive solar eclipses and one lunar eclipse (1958. 1959, 1960. 1961. 1962). Mars as it approaches the earth from its distant orbit is expected to be unusually bright. By JAMES STOKLEY 
The present interest in space travel and other matters concerning the universe has naturally increased public awareness of the nightly drama displayed in the skies overhead. While most people are familiar with the major constellations such as the Big Dipper, Orion, and the Southern Cross, there are many other groupings of stars which are known to astronomers and others interested in the heavens.
During the coming months, several interesting astronomical events are due to occur which may attract the attention of many persons. These include five total solar eclipses and one total lunar eclipse.
Aldebaran, Bull's Eye
The brilliant star Aldebaran, which marks the eye of the Bull, Taurus, will be an object of special interest during the next few months. This star will be close to the moon on several occasions, and on the night of October 6-7 it will actually be occulted, or covered over, by the moon as seen from certain parts of North America. The moon will pass in front of the star, hiding it from view. This particular event will be visible in the eastern part of North America.
Occultations of stars by the moon are not uncommon, but the bright star Aldebaran is more frequently involved in them than most. This is due to the path the moon follows across the sky, which takes it near Aldebaran at fairly frequent intervals.
Tho total solar eclipse of the sun will occur on October 2. This is visible in parts of Europe and Africa. In the United States the eclipse will be partial, with the moon covering only a portion of the sun's disc. The path of totality will cross the southern part of Europe and Africa.
Tested Eclipse of the Sun
The next total eclipse of the sun will occur on February 15, 1961. This is visible with the moon completely covering the sun. The path of total eclipse will cross the southern part of the United States, just missing the northern border. People living in a wide arc from eastern Texas to the Carolinas will have a chance to see the moon completely cover the sun, transforming day into night for a brief period.
SYMBOLS FOR STARS IN ORDER OF BRIGHTNESS

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. 

No case (Information Only)
3 January 1958
Diamond Head, Hawaii

FLYING SAUCER SIGHTED ON FILM IN HAWAII: One of the very rare incidents of a flying saucer being sighted by a capable observer and actually photographed was reported to have occurred at Diamond Head, Hawaii on 3 January 1958. The witness, a 21-year-old college student, was visiting friends at Diamond Head. While looking through a window, he observed a peculiar object moving in the sky to the south. He immediately picked up his camera and succeeded in obtaining several photographs of the object before it disappeared. The object was described as a disc or saucer-shaped object with a dome on top and was metallic in appearance. The witness stated that the object moved at a fairly high rate of speed and completely stopped and hovered at one point during the observation. He is certain that what he photographed was not a conventional aircraft. In 1958, ten UFO photographs were taken at Diamond Head, Hawaii by a junior college student. Several of a UFOS on color film for 90 seconds.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document detailing various sightings and observations of unidentified flying objects between January 11-31, 1953.

DATE LOCATION
11 Fairbanks, Alaska
11 Parley, Georgia
12 Poughkeepsie, Georgia
12 Spring Hope, N.C./Salem, Virginia
13 Spring Hill, Illinois
13 Monterey, California
14 Pacific (60 mi N of California)
14 Parris Island, S.C.
14 Phelps, Ohio
15 Ypsilanti, Michigan
16-18 Talmadge, Georgia
17-18 Tulsa, Oklahoma
20 Oxford, Port Carolina
22 Warrington, Michigan
23 Farmington, Michigan
25-26 St. Petersburg, Fla.
27 Ocala, Florida
29 Allenburgh, Bitberq, Germany
30-31 Tokyo, Japan
31 Albuquerque, New Mexico

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
Jan University of New Hampshire
24 Painesville, Ohio
29 Avondale-Linda, Penn.

EVALUATION
Distance was low
Insufficient Data
Other (PHOTOS) Other (CONTROLS)
Astro (METEOR)
Balloon
Astro (METEOR)
Balloon
Other (UNRELIABLE REP)
Insufficient Data
Other (PHOTOS) Other (CONTROLS)
Astro Aircraft
Astro (JUPITER)
Astro (VENUS)
Other (UNRELIABLE REP)
Aircraft
Aircraft (ANTI-COLLISION LTS)
Astro (VENUS)
Balloon
Other (MISSILE ACTIVE)
Aircraft

The text appears to be a summary of various unidentified flying object sightings along with details on their evaluation, such as identifying them as astronomical objects, aircraft, balloons, or insufficient data. The locations and dates of the sightings are provided, as well as some additional reported sightings that were not full cases.

- page 8 -

