PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
9 Feb 58

2. LOCATION
Chingmai, Bangkok

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local: 6:10 PM
GMT: 09/1107

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☑ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
varied- secs

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Y to F

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Several observers gave varying descriptions such as rocket shape to end & with various colors-white nose area, orange body, black tail- white vapor trail with intermittent puffs of smoke or green vapor. Some claimed to have heard a rushing or swooshing sound.
Most heard no sound.

11. COMMENTS
Apparently a fireball.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 55)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top of page]
sp. No. 34
From Chiengmai

RTC

Due to the lateness in the day and lack of camping equipment to stay in the mountains, the party then returned to Sankampeng. Vice Consul gave the woodsmen a sum of money to hunt for the object.

On the following Saturday, February 15, 1958, Political Analyst led a group of reporters and Sankampeng officials back to the same area. They walked and camped in the area until Monday night, February 17, 1958. The results of their search were negative, although they did meet other people in the forest who gave eyewitness accounts. Some told rumors, others did not. All said, however, the object was very low and apparently descending, and this must have crashed.

Summary Comment

From the several reliable eyewitnesses interviewed, apparently some object was sighted in the sky. Altitudes given by both the French priest and the Americans in Chiengmai are questionable, since the object to have reached Chiengmai from the west would have required a minimum altitude of 14,000 feet, and to have hit "near the summit" or "just over" the mountains east of Sankampeng would have to be moving at a minimum altitude of 3,850 feet. All eyewitnesses stated the flight was horizontal rather than vertical or at an angle, such as the path of a meteorite might be. Although some ground search was made, it was not extensive and the forest might well conceal an object until found by happenstance. A limited search of the area was made by Thai police helicopter.

No further action is being taken by the Consulate.

[Signature] William E. Bussey
American Consul

cc: Embassy, Bangkok
Army Attache, Bangkok

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page]
The above was covered by Dr. Kelborn and Capt. Baughn, conclusion: Apparently a "hoax". The remark that only apparently brief and vague story came to this light is not a valid statement.

A number of people have been reported they built 1957 (See Case Files)

[Bottom of page]
RTC


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AIR PRIORITY
FOREIGN SERVICE DESPATCH

FROM : AmConsul, CHIENGMAI

TO : THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE, WASHINGTON.

REF:

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Sighted Over Chiengmai

On Sunday, February 9, 1958, at approximately 6:10 p.m., various people in Chiengmai sighted a low flying object moving at high speed. Eyewitnesses, including several Americans, were of the general opinion the object was moving from west to east at an altitude variously reported as from 600 to 800 feet. An estimate of the object's speed was not ventured except by such statements: "as fast as you could turn your head," "like a rocket," "as a shooting star." Descriptions of the object were in general agreement: "like a ball of fire with white vapor or smoke trailing behind." Some few claimed to have seen a rocket-shaped object and described the various colors of the rocket (viz., white nose piece, orange body, black tail). Some claimed to have heard a rushing or swooshing noise as the object passed, but most said they heard nothing.

A single report was provided the Consulate by a French Catholic priest who stated that at 6:05 p.m. on February 9, 1958, he was on foot approximately sixty miles one west of Chiengmai, when he sighted an object in the sky at an altitude of approximately 2,000 feet. He said the object was moving with tremendous speed, west to east, and appeared to him only as white vapor followed by intermittent puffs of green vapor or smoke. His impression of a shape was that it was round. There was no noise.

About mid-morning of the next day (Monday, February 10, 1958) reports were received from the town of Sankampeng, 14 kilometers west of Chiengmai, that the object had landed in the mountains east of the town and that tremors as from an explosion had been felt. One report stated an object "as long as a big tree" had been sighted in the forest.

Action Taken:

Vice Consul [redacted] with Political Analyst [redacted] and several Chiengmai newspaper reporters proceeded to Sankampeng immediately. Here they interviewed various officials and townspeople who gave statements essentially as above. The group, augmented by a police guard and several officials, proceeded by Land Rover into the mountains and on foot when the cart track ended. Later, in conversation with some woodsmen who claimed to be eyewitnesses, they said the object seemed to a low height over the trees and crashed, either near the summit or just over the other side. They said they felt earth tremors as though from an explosion or high speed impact.


- page 3 -

