The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a project record card from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) between 1952 and 1969.

PROJECT 10097 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: November 1958
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: Legal
5. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Individual(s) object(s) viewed a week or two before Thanksgiving from Greyhound bus somewhere in New Mexico. Described as a "flaming, fiery, disc-like object" trailing off into space at terrific speed (faster than jet).
11. COMMENTS: Request for additional information sent. Report of 1958 sighting sent to ATIC in 1962. Investigation not possible.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a letter regarding a UFO sighting.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:

TD-E/Lt Col Friend

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: Hq USAF
SAFOJ-3b (Major Hart)
Washington 25 D.C.

Reference the attached letter from Mr. [redacted] dated 21 March 1962 reporting a UFO sighting. Since there is no significant data in the letter on which to base a conclusion, request that you send a questionnaire to be filled out by the witness.

FOR THE COMMANDER

EDWARD J. RUPPELT, JR.
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

Atch
Thermo-fax copy of letter dated 21/21
Mar 62.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

March 21, 1962

Dear Sirs,

On Feb. 22, 1962 issue of the Cleveland Press, on page B-9, I read an article captioned "Fighters and Fliers".

Flying Saucers Reports Continue to Pile Up. 

My Aviation Writer.

I have a report to make which may be of importance, but the fact that I saw an unidentified object about a mile or two above the ground on Thanksgiving Day of 1958 still rates me no attention from the separate state, if you could give you the exact date of the my old letter schedule of the.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document containing text. 

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

Strip : I was returning from
Cai if. to my home in Elizabeth 
Ohio, my girlfriend on the state 
of New mexico, on a very clear 
day , in the distant sky I 
saw what appeared to me 
to be a very fast object which 
seemed to be traveling away from
into space at a extremely
fast rate of speed. I have
seen airplanes travel at a 
very fast rate of speed, in
instant spots. I effect that I describe
moving faster than anything
I have ever seen, in the 
sky.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only handwritten text in a language I cannot read or process. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will not attempt to interpret or transcribe the text, as that would be beyond my capabilities. I can only describe the contents of the image, which is a page filled with handwritten text in an unknown language.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page of handwritten text from a Project Blue Book document.

As an OCR system, the text from the document is:

"When I came home, I told my husband about it. I'm all this time, I doubt if I have ever discussed this with more than 3 other people. Author I have wanted to tell someone in the aeronautic.

Field,

Somehow I felt that people wouldn't believe me. Another thought was that actually it would be difficult to describe the object perfectly.

I only know what I saw - this is what I am telling you.

No one can convince me that it was only my imagination, a balloon."

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

For seven on airplanes I
what I saw was something
I have not seen before.
It was sailing at about
one might mistake a plane
into the air and it was
revolving or sail away at
a fast rate of speed.
Sincerely,
Ohio

- page 7 -

