PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
26 September 1958

2. LOCATION
Derwood, Maryland

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 2/09/52 & 2/1025X

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
Yes □
No

6. SOURCE
Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 secs, 1 hr.

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
two

9. COURSE
N.R. stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Sighting of meteor at about 29/0925z. Noticed ground light which remained in sight for about 1 hour. See case file.

11. COMMENTS
Investigation revealed that the meteor sighting was part of the sighting. This meteor is carried in a separate case and was viewed as far away as Indiana & Penn. The additional rpt was determined to be a searchlight on a nearby barn.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
Meteor
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other: Ground Light
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Originating Agency: Det 10, 100th Air Intel Serv Sq, Andrews AFB, Wash 25, D.C.
Report No: Det 10-UFO-1-58
Page 9 of 10 Pages

no precipitation, 65 degrees F. temperature.

This was the first time SOURCE had seen an object like this. He had no idea so to its identity.

Estimated speed: 250 to 300 knots.
Estimated distance from object to observer: ten (10) to fifteen (15) miles west.

SOURCE had completed ten (10) years of formal education. In addition he had attended CAA and military control tower operator schools.

4. Evaluation.

Sgt Pleasants was quiet reserved individual. He appeared not to have any preconceived ideas of what he saw merely to be stating the facts as he saw them. His story was later fully corroborated by the person who was with him at the time and who made the observation from the same vantage point. This man was on duty as weather observer in the Andrews AFB control tower. His personal data are:

a. Name: PIWOWARSKI, Gregory W.
b. Rank: A/2C
c. Serial Number: AF 11290689
d. Organization: Det 2, 4th Weather Group, Andrews AFB, Wash 25, DC

The interviewer believes that the phenomenon described above was caused by a meteorite.

XI. ADDITIONAL OBSERVATIONS:

1. At 29/0252 Sep 58 a flaming object was observed on a downward trajectory from the GREEN ARROW Inn, near OXON Hill, MD (38AN/761GA). Two officers of the 2nd Ordnance Co. at FORT MEADE, MD. (3906N/7614W) saw the phenomenon with the unaided eye in the sky to the West. Of the GREEN ARROW AREA, these two officers, 1/Lt's SPARACIO and EBERLAND, who were together at the time, also observed that small particles were breaking away from the object. The color of the object was greenish.

2. Georgetown University Observatory reports several telephone calls from local observers who saw an object as described above at precisely the same time.

3. The observatory's tentative conclusion, based on the descriptions received, was that the object was a meteorite.

4. The US Naval Observatory, at Washington, D.C., reports no sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Organizing Agency: Det 10, 1006th Air Intel Serv Sq
Andrews AFB, Wash 25, D.C.

REPORT NO. 10 or 10 PAGE 1

XIII. COMMANDER'S COMMENTS:
The investigation was conducted by experienced investigators who tried to
explore all possible sources of information. The conclusions reached are considered logical and reasonable.

[Signature]
RALPH M ALBRIGHT
Major, USAF
Commander, Det 10, 1006th AISS

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the
Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S. Code, Sections 793 and 794. The transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an
unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States Air Force
agencies, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF.

AF AGO 53 112a

UNCLASSIFIED
(SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)


- page 3 -

INCL#1, REPT#DETIO-UFO-58
OVERLAY OF AMS SERIES V823
SHEETS 5362 II NE 4 5362 II NW
SCALE 1: 26,000

The image appears to be a hand-drawn map or overlay with various geometric shapes, lines, and numbered points. The word "Laytonsville" is visible on the map.


- page 4 -

Text found in the document:

39°12'30"N/77°00'00"W

ROCKY RD

ANDREA LN

Numbered circles: 1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8

The image appears to be a hand-drawn map or diagram with geometric lines, angles, and markings, showing what seems to be a road intersection or location sketch.


- page 5 -

RESULTS OF FIELD INVESTIGATION

Interviews from personnel at the _____ area of _____ were conducted in the afternoon and evening of 29 Sep 58 by T/Sgt _____ . The scout-ing for civilian source leads in the vicinity as well as short inter-views to narrow down the search area were conducted by Sgts _____ and _____ . Additional short interviews of personnel at the _____ area indi-cated that all those who had observed the light on the ground had seen it in the same direction as the given azimuth fix, and that no one could add to or contradict the statements made in the previous two interviews.

Lt. _____ , who had called in the reports, had not himself observed the aerial phenomenon. Although he was able to take an azi-muth reading on the later observed ground light. Since no one could add anything to the statements already noted, it was decided to concen-trate on civilian sources in the vicinity. An Army helicopter had been offered to help in the search and was due to arrive soon after the start of normal duty hours. At 30/10155 Sep 58 the guard on duty at the _____ area gate informed Sgt _____ that the light, which he had observed the day before, was again visible, Sgts _____ and _____ observed the light from the same vantage point as Sgt _____ and PVT _____ for about twenty minutes. This time binoculars were used.

The light was white, intense, and fluctuating. It was also along the plotted azimuth. It seemed to come from a thin stand of trees. One step to the right or left would hide the light from view and another step would bring it back into view. From the main gate it could not be seen. A little to the left (South) of the single light, one could easily see the lights of the village of LAYTONSVILLE.

Somewhat to the right (North) were a few scattered individual lights of probable farm houses. The intense light along the azimuth was the most conspicuous. All lights, however, had a fluctuating quality. As daylight saturated the area, details of the land began to take shape. The group of trees through which the light was shining, could be seen. A barn took shape behind it with a strong light on the end. By 30/1007 Sep 58 the light's intensity had faded considerably due to the rapidly increasing daylight.

Sgts _____ led to the source of the light, a barn directly along the plotted azimuth. The barn was located almost three (3) miles (line of eight) from the _____ area of _____ and about 300 yards North of the crossing of Maryland State Routes 121 and 108, on the East side of Route 108.

At this azimuth Route 108 ran along a slight rise, and the trees lining the road on the West side of the barn formed a thin line (horizon) from the azimuth area of _____ . Anything seen from the azimuth and disappearing behind the top of those trees could most possi-bly be observed striking the ground. The group of trees between the area and the barn were about 400 yards west of the barn and very


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

sity had faded completely in the almost fully developed daylight.
The owner of the barn was interviewed. He stated that he had not
seen any aerial phenomena on the morning before, but that at 2952
09252 Sep 58 he was inside the barn, milking his cows. He had just
turned the barn lights, including the outside 200 watt floodlight,
on a few minutes earlier. He stated further that the outside flood-
light, which could actually flood the surrounding fields enough for
him to walk around on them easily during total darkness, had been
burned out for a long time. Since up until now it had always been
light enough outside for him to see, he had not bothered to replace
the bulb until just a "couple of days ago" (exact date could not be
recalled).

Two (2) additional sources were checked in order to narrow down
the search area after this. One of them was Mr.
small aircraft, AIRPORT (39157/7709), two and one quarter
(2 1/4) miles NNW of LAYTONSVILLE and four and one quarter (4 1/4)
miles SW of DAMASCUS, MD (39177/7129). Mr. stated that he
lived at the airport and that on the morning of question and at the speci-
fied time there was no light aircraft activity at or near his airstrip.
Of this he was positive. He had not seen any aerial phenomena at the
time. He stated that the ground winds in the area at the time were
negligible.


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

THE WASHINGTON POST and TIME
Wednesday, October 4, 1954

UFO in a Reflection
From Are Welders

[The rest of the left column text is partially illegible, but appears to be about a UFO sighting by welders]

At the top right of the page, there is a partial headline that reads:
"Sunnier tenderness and flavor your taste wants to --"

The document appears to be a newspaper page from The Washington Post, with a column discussing a UFO sighting, dated October 4, 1954.


- page 8 -

1958

On Sept. 29th two Army men stationed at the Nike base near Derwood, Maryland, saw a mysterious object. Land and Lake off near the base. They described it as wingless and propellerless, with a bill-like nose and a blunt tail. The Air Force claims this was merely a case of welder's arc lights reflecting from orange-colored trucks belonging to an electric power company. The Air Force, somehow forgot, however, that the sighting took place at 2:30 a.m., and no one was welding at that time.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

The Role of Unusual Coincidence

Analogous unlikely coincidences may be reports. The factors that encourage the misinterpretation may be the particular time or place at which the phenomenon appears, the kind of weather, the experience, physical state, or mood of the observer, his unawareness of a certain fact, or any combination of these and other relevant circumstances.

A fairly simple case of this type was the reported landing of a spacecraft near an Army barracks (often referred to in saucer publications as the "Nike site") in a rural area of Maryland, shortly before dawn on the morning of September 29, 1958. The sergeant on duty that morning left the orderly room at 4:25 A.M. and started to the barracks to waken the troops. The sky was clear, with bright moonlight. Hearing a whirring sound like a pitched baseball with a loose cover, he looked up toward the west to see a brilliant round white object soaring through the sky from north to south, and breaking up into smaller pieces as it traveled. It disappeared behind the roof of the mess hall, directly to the west, after being in view about two seconds. Hurrying around the south side of the mess hall to search the western horizon, he observed a very bright white, pulsating light at ground level, apparently in a wooded area some four or five miles west of the battery site, as though the glowing object had landed there. He reported the incident to an officer, who measured the azimuth position of the unknown. The glow remained in one place but diminished with increasing daylight until it was no longer visible.

Air Force investigators arrived that afternoon. They had already received many reports that a brilliant fireball had flashed through the sky at 4:45 A.M. the time in question, and had been observed by many witnesses in the area between Washington, D.C., and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, but no fireball could account for the ground light. The next morning at 5:15 A.M. an intensely white fluctuating light was observed at the same place and was studied through binoculars until daylight made it invisible: it could be seen only from the west side of the mess hall, and one step to the right or left would hide it from the observer. Traveling toward the position of the unknown, investigators found a dairy barn three miles away and on a direct line of sight from the place the UFO had been observed. On one end of the barn was a 200-watt floodlight with a white reflector, still burning. On questioning the farmer, they learned that until recently the light had been burned out and had not been used. The early hour of sunrise during the summer had provided all the light he needed to milk his cows. With the shorter days of autumn, however, he had needed the light and had replaced the bulb only a few days before. On the morning of the sighting, he had turned on the light a few minutes before the sighting, he had noticed it [.]

Thus several unrelated factors had combined to produce the illusion of a lighted space vehicle: 1.) only a week earlier, news-


- page 10 -

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD                                     8 October 1958

At approximately 0800, 29 September, Lt. William M. Dempsey, Information Services Officer, 100lst Air Base Wing, Andrews AFB, called and stated that a commander of a Nike site near Derwood, Md., had reported an UFO sighting.

Lieutenant Dempsey also said that two airmen in the Control Tower sighted an UFO west of Andrews. He further related that Operations had dispatched a T-33 and a helicopter to the UFO sighting area.

Approximately one hour later, Dempsey called to further related that the helicopter crew, upon reaching the designated spot of the alleged UFO landing, discovered one or more large, orange colored trucks. Norman near these familiar objects were doing welding work on high tension girders.

We received no queries.

The matter rested until the night of October 6th. On that night, I read the final edition of the Washington "Star". On page 1, there was a 2-column story about a "mystery object" near Derwood, Maryland.

After reading the "Star" account, I called Lt. Dempsey concerning the above-mentioned story. He both regretted the truck sighting was omitted. Both of us assumed that it was Jack of coordination somewhere up the line.

In the spirit of AFR 200-2 (para. 9) which reads, "Sightings may be released to the press or general public by the commander of the Air Force Base concerned only after it has been positively identified as a familiar or a known object." I decided that in order to eliminate conjecture, to call the Washington "Post".

I called the "Post" and talked with [redacted]. I asked to ask the reporter working on this UFO story to contact me as I had a few more details which might lend a bit of light to the subject.

A little later, [redacted] himself, called and asked for the information.

My spot report to Mr. [redacted] was "On the 29th of September, Andrews dispatched a T-33 and a helicopter for an 'on the spot' probe of the reported UFO. At the reported site, the helicopter crew discovered a group of orange colored trucks. Arch welders were working on high tension steel towers in that area." I asked if they were PEPCO people. I said I didn't know and advised him to check PEPCO for accuracy.

The following morning at 0830, I called the Office of Information Services of the Secretary of the Air Force and reported my action.

[Signed]
WILLIAM J. LOOKALOO
Major, USAF
Office of Information Services


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Country or Area Reporting: USA
Country or Area Report Concerns: Maryland, USA

Date of Information: 29 Sep 58
Date of Collection: 29-30 Sep 58

Detachment 10, 1006th Air Intel Serv Sqdn, Andrews AFB, Wash 25, D.C.

Prepared by Individual: Ralph N Albright, Major, USAF
Date of Report: 2 Oct 58

Subject: UFO Sightings in Maryland, 29/0925 Sep 58

Distribution: USAF only.

Credit Line includes several names of military personnel:
Captain Eugene L Maxwell
1/Lt Robert T Gaughey
M/Sgt Roy M Wade
T/Sgt Christopher G Parson
T/Sgt Ralph H Gottschalk
T/Sgt Ante Velonis
S/Sgt Roy G Stephenson

Signed by Colonel, USAF (Commander)

Includes: Overlay of AMS Series V833
Sheets 5562 II NE and 5562 II NW
Scale 1:25,000

Warning: Document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States

The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page.


- page 12 -

17 October 1958

TO:   Major Ralph Albright, Commander
       Det. 10, 100th AIS, USAF
       Andrews Air Force Base
       Maryland

My memorandum for record of 8 October 1958, concerning the
UFO account of 29 September, is attached.

These facts were given a number of the fourth estate in ac-
cordance with AFR 200-2.

The Washington Post and Associated Press interpreted these
facts.

On or about 9 October, Henry Simmons of WEWS WEWS contacted
me and pointed out that he was doing a story of UFO's which would be
a credit to the United States Air Force. His desire was to get a
quote from the helicopter pilot and Control Tower operators.

Lieutenant Dempsey, on my request, secured a Control Tower
operator's quote for Mr. Simmons. I contacted one of the helicopter
pilots and arranged for a brief telephone conversation with Mr.
Simmons. It was explained to the pilot that I was Information Services
Officer for Headquarters Command and would be responsible.

                                        WILLIAM J. LOCKADOO
                                        Major, USAF
                                        Chief, Office of Information Services

1 Atch.
a/s

Info cpy to:
General Rood
SAFIS


- page 13 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

REPORT NO.
Det 10, 1006th Air Intel Serv Sq     Det 10-UFO-1-58     PAGE 2 OF 10 PAGES
Andrews AFB, Wash 25, D.C.

IV. NARRATIVE OF OBSERVATION BY SGT FARRIS.

1. Personal Data.
   a. Name: FARRIS, Hiney G.
   b. Rank: Sgt
   c. Serial Number: RA 17248058
   d. Organization: Battery "B", 4th Missile Battalion, Derwood, Md.

2. Narrative, (all points referred to below are on Incl. #1, this report;
on overlay of AMS Series V833, Sheet 5562 II NE and 5562 II NW, Scale
1:25,000)

Sgt Farris was on duty as IFC area Duty Sergeant on the morning of 29
Sep 58. He had been up for about twenty-two (22) hours prior to the sighting.
After glancing at the orderly room clock, he stepped outside the building at
29/0925Z Sep 58 on his way to wake the troops. At that moment his attention
was drawn to a whirring sound described as a thrown baseball with a loose cover.
Upon glancing toward the origin of the noise, Sgt Farris saw an object, about
half the size of the moon, passing near the north's eastish in a trajectory
covered about forty-five (45) degrees estimated from South to North. The object
was facing West at the time. The object was round, white in color, and appeared
to be breaking up. The smaller pieces ceased to give off light, as soon as they
broke away from the main body. The moon, at the time, appeared to be about the
size of a half dollar held at arm's length by comparison. The object disappeared
from Sgt Farris' view over the roof of the messhall which was directly in front of him to the West. Total time of observation of the phenomenon in the sky was about two (2) seconds. The object described no maneuvers or deviations.

From its ballistic-like trajectory, Sgt Farris saw it with the unaided eye. The sky was clear at the time of sighting. It was still dark on the ground, but there was a bright moonlight. At first point of sighting the light had an approximate elevation of forty-five (45) degrees above the horizontal. It was descending what appeared to be a downward arc. The approximate elevation of the object at the time of first sighting was estimated at about forty-five (45) degrees. Sgt Farris did not see the object strike the ground. After losing sight of the light behind the messhall, Sgt Farris went around the back of the building, from where he could get a look to the western horizon. From here he noticed a very bright pulsating white light within the line of sight on the ground and continuing from what appeared in the darkness as a wooded area estimated by Sgt Farris at about four (4) to five (5) miles west of the battery site. At about 29/0930Z Sep 58 Sgt Farris reported the light on the ground to Lt. Platt of his battery.

Lt. Platt took an azimuth reading of the light on the ground from the IFC area's radar tower, the best observation point in the small site area (refer to Pl. #1, Incl #1) and fixed the light at 260 degrees (Pt #2). The pulsating light could be seen for about another forty-five (45) minutes. By now it was being observed and discussed by many men in the reveling formation. By about 29/1015Z Sep 58 the light had diminished to a point where it could no longer be seen. With increasing daylight the glow from the light diminished noticeably until it could finally be no longer seen at full daylight. Sgt Farris saw the light for the last time at about 29/1015Z Sep 58. His duties prevented him from further observation. When he glanced at the spot again in full daylight the light was no longer visible.

Sgt Farris' final conjecture on the identity of the sighting was that the object must have struck the ground.

[Warning and classification text at bottom of page]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 14 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

ORIGINATING AGENCY: Det 10, 1006th Air Intel Ser Sq, Andrews AFB, Wash 25, D.C.
REPORT NO: DET10-UFO-1-58
PAGE 3 of 10 PAGES

3. Evaluation. The consensus of several enlisted men and two officers of Battery "B" was that Sgt Ferris was a reliable NCO. During the interview Sgt Ferris appeared sincere and willing to cooperate. He made every effort to recall all details about the observation in his mind and made no excuses. He adhered strictly to what he saw and ventured his conclusion only after he was asked to do so by the interviewer. In the interviewer's opinion the observations made by Sgt Ferris are bona fide.

V. NARRATIVE OF OBSERVATION BY PVT SCANLON.

1. Personal Data.
    a. Name: SCANLON, Jerome A.
    b. Rank: Pvt (E-2)
    c. Serial Number: US 5142562
    d. Organization: Battery "B", 4th Missile Battalion, Deerwood, Md.

2. Narrative.

Pvt Scanlon was on guard duty at the main gate to the IFC area of Battery "B" on the morning of 29 Sep 58. At approximately 29/0930z Sep 58 he left the locked gate to wake to the troops in the IFC area's billets. This was often a joint undertaking by the guard and the duty sergeant. As he approached the South end of the billets his attention was drawn to a steady humming noise in the sky. Looking toward the source of the sound, Pvt Scanlon noticed a flying object at about forty (40) degrees elevation from the horizontal describing a downward arc which covered about forty-five (45) degrees azimuth from South to North. The observer was facing West at the time. Scanlon described the object as being almost round, slightly flattened on the trailing side. The predominant color of the phenomenon was green, with white undertones. He compared its size with that of a half dollar held at arm's length. The humming sound seemed to come directly from the object. The arc traversed by the object was approximately one quarter (1/4) mile.

Like sparks, seemed to be breaking off from the main body of the object during flight, but they instantly lost their glow and then broke away. There was no visible impact, nor did Scanlon hear any noise of an impact. The humming noise was audible throughout three quarters (3/4) of the objects observed trajectory, then stopped abruptly. After the object had reached the lowest point in its arc Pvt Scanlon observed a continuous, fluctuating, and intense white light on the ground, which he had never observed there before. The area of the glow had an approximate diameter of a nickel held at arm's length. It appeared to come from the same azimuth as the point where the flying light had reached its lowest point. Daylight was invading the scene at about 29/1010z when Pvt Scanlon last observed the light. Its intensity had diminished. The sky was clear at time of sighting. Scanlon observed the object in flight for about nine (9) to ten (10) seconds. Within fifteen (15) minutes of sighting the flying object Pvt Scanlon reported the incident to the duty sergeant. Pvt Ferris, who emphasized the end Sgt Ferris did not discuss the details of the sighting before their individual interviews. They only talked about it briefly and very generally. Pvt Scanlon's first reaction to the sighting was that the object was a meteorite, but he dismissed this impression when he realized it was completely foreign to any meteorite he had seen before. His second thought was that it may have been up before they reach the ground.

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Det 10, 1006th Air Intel Serv Sq
Andrews AFB, Wash 25, D.C.

REPORT NO.
Der 10-UFO-1-58

PAGE 4 of 10 PAGES

a falling object from an aircraft, reflecting the moonlight present at the time. But then he rationalized that it would hardly have continued to glow on the ground. He finally came to no conclusion at all as to the object's possible identity.

3. Evaluation. The consensus of several enlisted men and one officer of Battery 198 was that SOURCE was credible and cooperative. In the interviewer's opinion SOURCE did see something, with very minor exceptions Pvt Scanlon did corroborate that of SOURCE. He was very sincere in his effort to report only what he saw. The elimination of his own conclusions, when he was asked for them, indicated logical thinking. The interviewer believes that Pvt Scanlon, with respect to his observations, spoke the truth.

VI. NARRATIVE OF OBSERVATION BY MR. MILLS.

1. Personal Data.
a. Name: [redacted]
b. Approximate Age: 32
c. Address: [redacted] Hagersburg, Md.
d. Profession: [redacted] Washington Post.

2. Narrative.
[Most of the narrative text is redacted or blacked out, with only partial text visible]

...was out carrying newspapers on the morning of 29 Sep 58. At about 2700252 Sep 58 hr was delivering the paper to a house on the south side of Md State Route 124, about 350 yards west of the intersection of [rest of text obscured]

...in his car facing West. The hater in his car was turned on. His point of observation is designated as Pt #9, Incl #1A. At that moment from South to North, there was a very bright object in the sky. There were trees on both sides of the road and his total observation time was two (2) seconds. The trajectory of the object seemed to have a downward pitch. Mr [name redacted] stated that the object seemed to be throwing off sparks which formed a trail. He did not want to commit himself on the shape of the phenomenon. The object itself had the approximate size of a half dollar held at arm's length. The total width was estimated at four (4) times that diameter in length. SOURCE's first impression was that the object was a crashing aircraft, but on second thought it did not really seem like an airplane flame at all. Finally, Mr [redacted] thought that it may have been a stray missile. He never saw it again.

3. Evaluation. Mr [redacted] felt rather silly during the interview and had to be coaxed from him, and he made statements; however, only his own first impressions are listed here. He reluctance to answer appeared to stem from a fear of being labeled a crackpot. However, there is no doubt in the interviewer's mind that SOURCE made the observation. The largest discrepancy noted was SOURCE's poor ability (self-admitted) to estimate measurements. SOURCE also [rest of text cut off]

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794. The transmission or revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States Air Force activities.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 16 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Designation Agency: Det 10, 106th Air Intel Serv Sq
Andrews AFB, Wash 25, D.C.

REPORT NO:
Der10-UFO-1-58    PAGE 5 OF 10

VII. STATEMENT OF [redacted]

1. Personal Data.
a. Name: [redacted]
b. Approximate Age: 35
c. Address: Vicinity located directly along the azimuth (fix taken from the IFC area of Battery "B"), approximately two and one quarter (2¼) miles (line of sight) from the IFO area, and about three quarters (3/4) of a mile East of LAYTONSVILLE, MD. (3912N/7708W), the crossing of Maryland State Routes 124 and 108, on Route 124.
d. Profession: [redacted]

2. Statement.
[Redacted], a farmer who made the observation from his farm at Pt [redacted]. In a short interview with [redacted] to determine the area to be searched, SOURCE made the following statements. He was up early on the morning of 29 Sep 58 to milk his cows. At approximately 29/0925 Sep 58 he observed a white light flashing through the sky from South to North. SOURCE alerted the light seemed to be coming from two (2) objects traveling close together, the first being about twice the size of the trailing object. He did not care to estimate the speed or to describe the size and shape of the objects. He further stated that sparks were falling off the two (2) objects but their light faded instantly. He did not know what the objects were or care to guess. He did not hear any noise nor did he see the object strike the ground. He lost sight of the objects behind some trees, and for all he knew they were still going.
SOURCE was acting West at time of sighting, and the phenomenon took place in the sky West of him.

3. Evaluation. SOURCE was somewhat uncooperative and did not care to discuss the matter in detail. His general opinion of the phenomenon was that he couldn't care less. The validity of SOURCE's statement, in regard to number of objects seen, is somewhat doubtful as SOURCE did not seem to have devoted his entire attention and interest to the phenomenon.

VIII. RESULTS OF FIELD INVESTIGATION.
Interviews from personnel at the IFC area of Battery "B" were conducted in the afternoon and evening of 29 Sep 58 by T/Sgt Gottschalk. The scouting for civilian houses in the vicinity as an aid in a narrow down the search area (via former Fry) were conducted by Sgts Jelenic and Stephenson. Additional short interviews of personnel at the Battery area indicated that all those who had observed the light on the ground had seen it in the same direction as the given azimuth fix, and that no one could add to or contradict the statements made in the previous two interviews. Lt. Platt, who had called in the reports, had not himself observed the phenomenon, although he was able to take an azimuth reading on the later observed ground light. His description of it was the same as all the others. Since no one at Battery "B" could add anything to the statements already noted, it was decided to concentrate on civilian sources in the vicinity. An Army helicopter was used to assist in the search and due to arrival of SOURCE at normal duty hours, at 30/1015 Sep 58 the guard on duty at the IFC area gave information to Sgt Gottschalk that he had observed the day before. Was again visible. Sgts Gottschalk, Jelenic and Stephenson observed

[Bottom of page continues but is partially cut off]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 17 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Det 10, 106th Air Intel. Serv Sq
Andrews AFB, Wash 25, D.C.

REPORT NO.
Det 10-UFO-1-58

PAGE 6 OF 10
PAGES

the light from the same vantage point as Sgt Farris and Pvt Scanlon for about
twenty (20) minutes. This time binoculars were used. The light was white,
intense, and fluctuating. It was also along the plotted azimuth. It seemed
to come from a thin stand of trees. One step to the right or left would hide
the light from view and another step would bring it back into view. From the
main gate it could not be seen. A little to the left (South) of the single
light, one could easily see the light or the village of LAYTONSVILLE. Sometime to the right (North) were a few scattered individual lights of probable
farm houses. The antenna light along the azimuth was the most conspicuous.
All lights, however, had a fluctuating quality. The observer could not give
details of the land began to take shape. The group of trees through which the
light was shining, could be seen. A barn took shape behind it with a strong
light on the end. By 30/0002 Sep 58 the light's intensity had faded consider-
ably due to the rapidly increasing daylight. Sgta Gotschalk, Jelenic, and
Stephenson traveled to the source of the light, a barn directly along the
plotted azimuth (refer to Pf #5). The barn was located almost three (3) miles
(line of sight) from the IRC area of Battery "B", about 300 yards north of the
crossing of Maryland State Routes 124 and 108, on the East side of Route 108.
At this azimuth Route 108 ran along a slight rise, and the trees lining the
road on the West side formed the limit of sight (horizon) from the IRC area of
Battery "B". Anything seen from the IRC area along that azimuth and disappearing behind the top of those trees could not possibly be observed striking the
ground. The group of trees between the IRC area and the barn were about 400
yards west of the barn and very thin. Their tops were lower than those of the
trees on the West side of Route 108. On the North end of the barn there was a
strong light with a white reflector, still burning. By this time the light's
intensity had faded completely in the almost fully developed daylight. The
owner of the barn was interviewed. He stated that he had not seen any aerial
phenomenon on the morning before, but that at 29/0922 Sep 58 he was inside
the barn, walking his dogs. He had just turned the barnlights, including the
outside 500 watt floodlight, on before sunrise. He stated further that
the outside floodlight, which could actually be seen for quite a distance
for him to walk around on them easily during total darkness, had been burned
out for a long time. Since up until now it had always been light enough outside for him to see, he had not bothered to replace the bulb until just "a couple of
days ago" (exact date could not be recalled).

Two (2) additional sources were checked in order to narrow down the search
area after this. One of them was a small airstrip, (line of sight)...

[The rest of the text continues but is cut off at the bottom of the page]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

606th Air Intel Serv Sq
LAER, Wash 25, D.C.

REPORT NO.
DATE 10-UFO-1-58

PAGE 7 OF 10 PAGES

I heard and saw an unusual every morning between 09002 and 10002. It always flew rather high and from South to North, West of the farm. He identified it as a typical passenger plane, never anything unusual about it. He concluded that on the morning of 29 Sep 58 this aircraft came over closer to 09302 than 09002.

IX. SUMMARY CONCLUSION OF FIELD INVESTIGATORS:

1. The object in the sky and the light on the ground were not one and the same thing.

2. The object in the sky was probably a large meteorite which broke up as it fell earthward.

3. The light on the ground was identified beyond a reasonable doubt as an outside barn floodlight. Movement of air currents between observation point and light caused the fluctuating quality of the latter.

4. Nothing unusual fell to the ground within the indicated search areas, to the best of the investigators' knowledge. Reports from SOURCES with less limited horizon than personnel at IFC areas indicate that sky phenomenon kept traveling North, and did not strike the ground.

5. Unexplained: Accompanying noise. Possibilities: a. Co-incidental noise from possible distant aircraft. b. Starting or stopping of refrigeration unit in nearby messhall.

X. NARRATIVE OF OBSERVATION BY SGT PLEASANTS:

1. Personal Data:
   a. Name: PLEASANTS, Edwin N.
   b. Rank: 7/Sgt
   c. Serial Number: AF 18269004
   d. Organization: 1909 AACS, Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D.C.

2. Narrative.

At approximately 29/0925Z Sep 58 I was on duty for the midnight shift in the control tower at Andrews AFB (3868N/76510). I looked up and to the West and a few seconds later spotted a light, which appeared to be an object at large, heading North from the South. The colors were orange-red, and the particles that fell off appeared to be green. I spoke to the airman who was on duty at the weather observer and asked him what he saw. He said he saw a light (approximately forty-five (45) to sixty (60) seconds), and it was on a descent of approximately fifteen (15) degrees. And about that time, I called RAPCON (Radar Approach Control) to see if they had anything on the radarscope, and the reply was negative. (No reason given) A couple of minutes later Washington tower called and requested any information that I could give them. (The same was given.) I also overheard an aircraft flying information to Bolling Tower that he spotted the same at an altitude of 3,000 ft, heading North. The object appeared to be a solid object for a few seconds and then started breaking up and disappearing. The falling particles were a greenish color, and the solid object was orange and red. In my opinion it appeared to be

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794. The transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 19 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

REPORT NO.
Det 10, 1006th Air Intel Serv Sq
Andrews AFB, Wash 25, D.C.

Det/10-UFO-1-58

PAGE    8   OF   10   PAGES

similar to the exhaust of a jet, or missile being fired.

3. The following additional information is extracted verbatim from a questionnaire which was used by the interviewer, M/Sgt Peggs, in questioning SOURCE:

Date/Time of sighting: 29/0925 Sep 58.
Condition of sky: Between dawn and darkness.
Presence of stars: A few.
Presence of moon: Don't remember.
Brightness: Object was brighter than sky background.

The object did not appear to stand still at any time, it did not speed up and rush away at any time. It did break up into small parts. He could not see smoke. It did not change brightness.

Shape: Round at first, spread out at the end, seemingly breaking apart.

Brightness: Gradually decreased until it went out.

The object did not move in front of or behind anything during observation.

Observation was made through clear glass pane of control tower.

Sound: None.
Edges of object: Hazy or fuzzy.
Comparable size of object with known objects: Quarter at arm's length (Fairly certain).

SOURCE's activities at time of observation: Reading and checking for aircraft.

Direction of object from point of observation: West
Direction of object when last observed: Northwest
Angular direction from true north at first appearance: 270 degrees estimated.
Angular direction from true north at last observation: 345 to 360 degrees estimated.
Angular direction from horizon at first appearance: Forty-five (45) degrees estimated.
Angular direction from horizon at last observation: Thirty (30) degrees estimated.

Weather conditions at time of sighting: Clear sky, slight breeze.

[Warning text and UNCLASSIFIED stamp at bottom of document]


- page 20 -

