The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project blue book record card that describes a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 15-14 May 1958
2. LOCATION: Willis, Virginia
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: not reported 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Physical
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: not observed
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: multiple
9. COURSE: found on ground
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Pieces of foil found on ground near woods during the night. Sent to ATIC for analysis.
11. COMMENTS: Pieces of chafff used in Radar jamming.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Weather Balloon, Possibly Balloon, Possibly Balloon, Possibly Aircraft, Possibly Aircraft, Probably Astronomical, Insufficient Data for Evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter responding to a letter received on 21 May 1958 concerning radar strips that fell near the reader's home on 13 May 1959. The letter is signed by Lawrence J. Tacker, Major, USAF, Executive Officer, Public Information Division, Office of Information Services. The recipient's address is Willis, Virginia.

SAPIS-3/Mej Tacker/jmd/73328

3 June 1958

Dear Mr. ******, 

This is to acknowledge your letter of 21 May 1958 concerning foil strips that fell near your home on 13 May 1959.

These strips have been positively identified as radar chaff used for counter electronic purposes in military aircraft operations and training flights.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Willis, Virginia

COVERBACK-SAFIS-3
READER-SAFIS-1
STAYBACK-SAFIS-3
UL

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memo routing slip from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

1. Letter of inquiry and physical specimen of UFO from general public.
2. ATIC comments: Radar "Chaffs" - used for counter electronics purposes in military airborne operations and training maneuvers.
3. The above is submitted for a note of reply and thanks by your office.

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text in the document:

"Hey, Sarge:
Air Technical Intelligence Center - Wright - Patterson AFB - Dayton - Ohio
Dear Sirs:
I am sending, under separate cover (the Continued) a few strips of film that fell near my home around the 13-14th of May. They apparently fell at night and I wonder if you could tell me what they are. Could these pieces have come from weather instruments - sent aloft or from something else?
I hope this finds you more than a little pleased - I am sending you another "printick" caller of others and tough on one side that appear to have been peeled off from another surface. Thought perhaps you would be interested in these.
Sincerely,"

The document appears to describe the sender witnessing some kind of UFO-related incident involving fallen debris near their home in May, and they are submitting samples to the Air Technical Intelligence Center for analysis and identification.

- page 4 -

