The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE Apr 59
2. LOCATION Van Wert, Ohio 
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   b. Ground-Radar
4. SOURCE
    UNIDENTIFIED
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
6. COURSE
    Information not recorded
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
   Bright silver-color object observed in early morning, descend from high altitude for several minutes, then climb to high altitude and disappear. Object obscured by clouds.
8. CONCLUSIONS
   I Unknown
   II Insufficient Data for Evaluation

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S.A.F. - Patterson field Dayton, Ohio 
Observed Flying Objects:
Time: 7:20P.M. first sighted
Object: silvery object, circular, as reported in shape of disc or dime in field of view

Position in sky: North of North West, descending to 45 degree angle
Sky condition: Sky over cast in spots 
Altitude must have exceeded 5000 ft. as required to be classified as Unidentified.
Observed position except as needed to obtain identification in all respects.

Observers:

TEXT OUTPUT:

U.S.A.F. - Patterson field
Dayton, Ohio
Observed Flying Objects:
Time: 7:20P.M. first sighted
Object: silvery object, circular, as reported in shape of disc or dime in field of view
Position in sky: North of North West, descending to 45 degree angle
Sky condition: Sky over cast in spots
Altitude must have exceeded 5000 ft. as required to be classified as Unidentified. 
Observed position except as needed to obtain identification in all respects.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn sketch. The sketch depicts an object in the sky, labeled "Bright Silver", with some annotations around it. The annotations mention "Markings seemed to be hinds" and "Size of object 40 ft at farm". There is also a directional arrow labeled "NNW" and another arrow labeled "N".

N,NW
MARKINGS
SEEMED TO
BE HINDS

BRIGHT
SILVER

SIZE OF
OBJECT 40 FT AT
FARM

W

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a memo routing slip filled out for a case report from Project Blue Book.

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
MAJOR D. J. TUCKER
ORGANIZATION 
ORIGINATOR
DATE 9 MAY 59
ORGANIZATION 
Suggested answer:
1. Received report of your sighting.
2. With the limited information given, we can not definitely identify the object.
3. Astronomical displays in the sky can often be the large star Capella in the approximate location given.
4. There is a possibility that the object could have been the lumen balloon on a weather balloon. Weather balloons carry lights for tracking.
5. Radar reports from the Van Wert Area reveal nothing unusual. 
6. The report will be added to our continuing study of similar phenomena.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from the Public Information Division of the USAF responding to an earlier report about an unidentified flying object sighting. The text of the letter is as follows:

15 May 1958

Dear Miss [redacted],

This is to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of 13 April 1958 concerning the unidentified flying object sighted that day.

Within the limited information we cannot definitely identify the object. However, astronomical plots indicate the object could have been the planet Venus, which is also the possibility that the object could have been a distant bright light on a weather balloon.

Earlier reports from the Van Wert area that might reveal nothing unusual.

Your report will be included in our continuing study of aerial phenomena. Thank you for your interest in this matter.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Van Wert, Ohio

- page 5 -

