UFOB INDEX CARD

1. DATE: 7 Jan 58
2. LOCATION: Selma, NC
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 06/21542 Nov 57
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: One
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: One old, grayish object. Object was seen moving SSW and was in sight for 21 minutes.
9. COMMENTS: Description, duration, flight path indicate that this sighting was probably a balloon.

10. CONCLUSIONS: Possibly Balloon

Bottom of form notes: ALSOP Form 5 (15 Oct 54)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

1. A brief description of the object(s):
    a. Shape:
    b. Size: (Compare with known object):
    c. Color:
    d. Number: 1
    e. Formation (if more than one):
    f. Any discernible features or details:

2. Description of course of object(s):
    a. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s):
    b. Angle of elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed:
    c. Angle of elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
    d. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
    e. Manner of disappearance of object(s):
    f. Length of time in sight: from 2150 to 2215 Z A/MINUTES

3. Manner of observation:
    a. Use on or any combination of the following items: (Ground-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic, if electronic, specify type of radar:
    b. Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof:
    c. If the sighting is made while airborne, give type aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station:

4. Time and date of sighting:
    a. Zulu time-date group of sighting:
    b. Light conditions (use on of the following terms): Night, day, dawn, dusk:

5. Locations of observer(s). Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, or geographic position, or position with reference to a known landmark:


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

6. Identifying information on all observer(s):
    a. Civilian:
    NAME    AGE    MAILING ADDRESS    OCCUPATION

    b. Military:
    NAME    GRADE    ORGANIZATION    DUTY    ESTIMATE OF RELIABILITY

7. Weather and winds-aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
    a. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Excellent - Clear - Visibility

    b. Report from nearest AWS or US Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at: Surface ____; 10,000 ____; 16,000 ____; 20,000 ____; 30,000 ____; 50,000 ____; and 80,000 ____

    c. Ceiling: Clear with Visibility: Excellent

    d. Amount of cloud cover: None    f. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None

8. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting: None

9. Interception or identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing air defense directives):

10. Location of air traffic in the area at time of sighting: Unknown

11. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s):

12. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:


- page 3 -

