1. DATE - TIME GROUP
Summer 1958 (or 1959)

2. LOCATION
North Turner, Maine

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Over 5 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (EX)

7. COURSE
Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
UNRELIABLE REPORT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Silver gray object floating in the sky. Under observation for over 5 minutes. Two objects. One brighter than a welders torch. Lights were taken. Approached through field glasses. Pictures reportedly taken. Sound not loud, smooth sound. Objects sharply outlined. Dull finish. Disappeared with terrific speed. Sighting reported to Civil Defense at time of sighting. Objects observed in wooded area below tree level. Lights pulsed, not blinking

COMMENTS: Information received in 1965 of sighting in 1958 or 1959. Report forward by Raymond E Fowler, of local UFO group. Data second hand. Too old for investigation. Filled with case files because of photos and case will be reopened if photos are submitted for evaluation.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET
UFO REPORT - SUMMER, 1958 (or 1959)

Prime Witnesses:
[Names redacted]
Waltham, Massachusetts

Occupation: Micro-Electronics Operator

[Names redacted]
Waltham, Massachusetts

Occupation: Accountant

Others(Not Interviewed): Mr. [redacted]
N. Turner, Maine

[Name redacted]
(Wife's son & daughter)

PLACE: Fitch Street,
Turner, Maine

DATE: Summer, 1958
(or 1959)

TIME: Evening

BACKGROUND:
Shortly after I expected on the Jim Westover "White-Line" radio show on UFO on November 30, 1961, I received a phone call from an acquaintance who works at another Sylvania Plant in Needham, Massachusetts. He informed me that one of the women working for him had seen a UFO near and during a conversation had mentioned seeing six and perhaps a round lighted objects over a field in Maine. I phoned the woman, Mrs. [redacted], and later interviewed her and her sister personally and during the sighting account is as follows:

SIGHTING:
[Remainder of text is fully legible and describes a UFO sighting involving a woman observing multiple flying objects over a field in the evening, with details about the objects' movements and appearance]


- page 2 -

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET (continued)

two saucers, one inverted upon the other and joined by a dark rim which
looked as 14 were made of dark glass. Behind this occasionally
transparent rim were bright blue lights which revolved around the rim.
They were as intense as a welder's torch and were a dull match which
when she looked at them through the binoculars. The object then moved
seemed a dull silver-gray in color; definitely cold and worked about 1/4
a strange "floating" pattern. Then, the object on the ground started to
unwind slightly to the left and joined the other one and both took off
at terrific speed. Later, 2 jet aircraft flew over an adjoining field.

It was not known after several days whether the objects were the jets
objects. The next morning [redacted] and her father went out to the field
where the objects were. They found a "small area of slight grass"
which smelled as if it were recently burned. Later that day, two
strangers [redacted] in sports clothes were seen walking in an adjoining
field. They did not come to the house to ask questions or discuss as
unaccountably as the witnesses could understand. The witnesses. The
witnesses decided they would try to forget the whole thing and talk no
more about it to anyone for fear of unwarranted publicity and possible
ridicule. However, it was a very rare experience and they still remember
it very vividly.

EVALUATION:

I checked on [redacted] character through two men for whom he had worked. I know both of these men personally and they
vouched for her integrity and credibility. She turned her house
upside down an attempt to find the 2 feet of film she had clipped and
set aside in an envelope. She stated that the evidence was short
and shared only vague light. I have stressed this MUCH would still be
very interested to examine the film if she were to find it and she has
agreed to let me borrow it for examination and duplication if it is
found. In addition to the film inspection, her area has been to
remember seeing a red light on the objects as well.

I cross-examined both [redacted] and [redacted] very carefully and am convinced
they are telling the truth. Normally, an old sighting like this would
not warrant a detailed report but because of its scoring mathematical
and factual description of the UFO, I feel it would be worthwhile to
have on file for comparison on with other UFO descriptions. A copy of
her drawing is reproduced below for those readers who receive only this
Summary Sheet.

[Signature]
H. Le Menice
MFGAF
Investigator

[A hand-drawn diagram of a UFO with "Revolving Blue Lights" written on it]


- page 3 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP. In its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions on possible. Should you need additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name [Redacted]
   Place of Employment: Meter Electronic Circuit Operator
   Address [Redacted]
   Occupation: Meter Electronic Circuit Operator
   Education: Waltham schools
   Special Training: [Blank]
   Military Service: [Blank]

2. Date of Observation: 1955 - 1959    Time: [Blank] AM/PM    Time Zone: [Blank]

3. Locality of Observation: North Turner, Maine

4. How long did you see the object?    Hours: [Blank]    Minutes: (For more)    Seconds: [Blank]

5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky, i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.: Nighttime

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: See picture enclosed

7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible?: Moon

8. Were there more than one object?: Yes, Two. If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only a source of light, was it revolving, etc?: Solid, not definitely sharp. Very bright, very fast moving, seemed to be spinning, size of very small plane, color very bright, possibly silver.

10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky?: Yes. The very small disc gave very little shine, but the lights were very intense, comparable to arc lights.

11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc.: The arc lights were very intense, comparable to arc colors.

12. Did the object(s) —
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?: Yes. When the one that followed reached the
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?: Yes. The two seemed to move fast
    c. Break up into parts or explode?: No
    d. Give off smoke?: No
    e. Leave any visible trail?: Small area of glow
    f. Drop anything?: The fuzzy surrounding lights might have become brighter
    g. Change brightness?: Yes
    h. Change shape?: No
    i. Change color?: No

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. if possible.: The object(s) were only visible when in motion. We noticed them across trees. See picture.

14. Was there any wind?: Yes, no please give direction and speed.: Slight wind, air was calm

15. Did you observe the object(s) through optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, storm window, telescoping, etc?: Yes    What?: Windshield, car windows    Seconds: 30-45 seconds

16. Did the object(s) have any sound?: Yes    What kind?: Whirring hum    How loud?: Not very loud, very smooth.

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) —
    a. Fuzzy or blurred.
    b. Like a bright star.
    c. Sharply outlined.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

18. We the object —
    Self-luminous?
    Dull finish?
    Reflecting?
    Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion?

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
    a. Pinhead     d. Nickel     g. Orange
    b. Pea         e. Half dollar    h. Grapefruit
    c. Dime        f. Silver dollar   i. Larger

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? [Handwritten response partially illegible]

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? [Handwritten response partially legible]

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? [Handwritten response]

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a piston or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. [Handwritten response]

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterward? If so, please elaborate. [Handwritten response]

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s). [Handwritten reference to pictures]

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? [Includes a hemisphere sketch]

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses. [Mostly blacked out]

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view, the direction of its course over the area, roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.

SEE ATTACHED PICTURES

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? [Handwritten response]

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? [Handwritten response]

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes or radio or television programs [Handwritten response]

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force investigator? [Handwritten response]

34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. [Partially filled out]

35. Date of filling out this report: Dec 10 1964 [Signature blacked out]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

This seemed to be positioned with the blue lights on the top of the 4' 17"

Revolving Blue Lights

My son mentioned that he thought he saw some red lights too, near the top but I don't remember this. I just remember the intense blue lights that made my eyes water a little.

5" dull grey steel finish

Approx. 1000 Feet
Fish Street

Emily
Stood at
Nearest Point

The document also contains two black and white photographs of a landscape with trees and what appears to be a street or road, with annotations indicating location and distance.


- page 6 -

Place: Fish Street, Turner, Maine

Night time - the moon was almost overhead and bright - no clouds that I can recall.

After it was over, and we had settled down - a few days later - it was decided to for the whole thing and not talk to anyone about it. People who have ever seen such things will understand, but those who have not, are very quick to ridicule.

My sister, [redacted] had gone out to her car for something - I can't remember if I or step-father went with her. She noticed the low-flying lights first. We thought a plane was int trouble, but could hear no motor. After watching a minute or so, and making sure they were not going away, I naturally thought the plane was gliding in and about to crash. The phone was right inside the front door - I called the operator and asked for the Air Force Field - told her to hurry. They told me there was no plane reported in that area - While we were talking, my sister and step-father were shouting to me the direction the lights were moving. They changed several times. I was connected with the Civil Defense and they made a note of it.

While my sister had the field glasses most of the time, I could not see as clearly as she. I did think it odd that the lights moved as erratically as they did.

They came from the right side of the field and moved to the left - very unevenly. We thought they had gone away, but still watched. Soon other lights came and again we saw the lights - now two rows of lights move off.

The color of the lights - a kind of bluish white that penetrates a long way. A nature of something red was in the first lights. The lights did not blink but they pulsated. (Movement reminds me of the way a squid moves in water).

[Signature/date appears to be 1/22/65, partially redacted]


- page 7 -

