PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
30 Jul 58

2. LOCATION
1 Mi W of Zahl, North Dakota

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 3:30 am
GMT: 30/0930Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Binoculars
□ Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual
□ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No-Ne

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 hrs 30 mins

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj emitted white light w/irregular shapes of red, blue & green, undetermined shape w/fuzzy outline, traveled fm NE to E, size of pea.

7. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
-

12. CONCLUSIONS
■ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon

■ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft

■ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Astro charts & computer shows the planet Venus to be in the exact location indicated by obsrvs at time of sighting.


- page 1 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Williston   City   N.D.   State
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? City Sgt. State Reg. Patrol
Age 38   Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
    (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   30   7   58
                                            Day  Month  Year


- page 2 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
port information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

(Do Not Write in This Space)
NAME                                                                                    CODE:
SIGNATURE
DATE    30 July 1958

I certify that the fire going report is elaborated
by myself. There is no discrepancies or affirmation
on any of the questions.

- Williston Herald - Williston, N.D.


- page 3 -

Venus Most Prominent

Venus, the only planet now visible in the evening, is a brilliant object in the sky and will soon be joined by the Leonids, "shooting stars"

By JAMES STOKLEY

THAT BRILLIANT OBJECT you see in the southwestern sky these evenings as darkness falls is not an airplane, a flying saucer, or some bright light hung in the sky as a part of an experiment.

Venus is now at its greatest prominence, which comes just before its disappearance from the evening sky early in 1958.

Venus is far brighter than any other star or planet now visible. It is so bright that it is no difficulty in identifying it. Indeed, it can be seen almost any clear evening. In fact, if you know where to look, you can even see it in broad daylight!

Now it passes behind the sun last April 14. Venus has gradually been drawing to the east of the sun in its daily motion across the sky, and so remained visible in the west after the sun had set. This Nov. 18 it will reach its greatest elongation, or angular distance from the sun, about 47 degrees. After that it will start moving toward the sun again.

Because of its early setting, Venus does not appear on the accompanying map of the sky at its usual time of 10:00 p.m., your own local standard time, at the first of November. At 9:30 p.m. on the 15th and 8:50 p.m. on the 9th.

Bright Birds in the Sky

These maps do, however, show the stars that are now visible.

Two at the west in Taurus, at the top of the "northern wing," which is really part of the constellation of Cygnus, the swan.

There is in the bold star Capella, which represents the upper part of the swan's wings, and the lower part of the wing is long neck, stretched forward in flight. At its head is Altairs, a star of the second magnitude, one of the astronomical landmarks.

To the left is another first magnitude star, Vega, in Lyra, the lyre.

In the left is another bird, Aquila, the eagle, with the star Altair.

High in the south you can see the four stars that form the great square of Pegasus, the winged horse. The stars of this constellation are among the brightest, their characteristic arrangement makes them a good starting place from which to find other groups. The horse, actually, is upside down in the sky, as the map shows. Alpheratz, the star at the lower right corner of the square is his head.

The star at the upper right, Alpheratz, is

not in Pegasus at all, but in the neighboring group of Andromeda. This constellation represents the Ethiopian princess who, according to mythology, was chained to a rock to be devoured by a sea monster, represented by the constellation of Cetus, the whale, in the south. Fortunately, she was rescued by the hero, Perseus, who is seen in the northeast.

Andromeda's mother, Cassiopeia, is seen in the north, a group forming the letter M above Polaris, the pole star. Alongside her is her husband, the king, Cepheus.

These maps show the sky as it would be generally considered to be the finest constellations in the sky massing in decent for the season.

Orion Seems's Finest

This is Orion, the warrior, easily recognized because of the three stars in a row that form his belt. To the left is Rigel, to the right is Betelgeuse, although being so low in the sky they do not appear as bright as they

will in the coming months. Then you will see them high in the south.

Just above Orion is Taurus, the bull, brilliant Aldebaran, and to the west of this is the beautiful star cluster, the Pleiades, the first magnitude only Capella.

Although only Venus is now visible in the evening, two other planets appear in the southeast before sunrise: Jupiter and Mars. Jupiter is now in the constellation Virgo. It is close to the bright star Spica. Venus is now visible in the brilliant light about ten times.

Further east in Mars, rising about an hour and a half out of Spica. Mercury and Saturn are both too near the sun to be easily visible in November.

Showers of "Stars" to Come

November is the month bringing one of the year's famous showers of meteors, or "shooting stars," which appear from the 13th to the 16th.

They are most numerous after midnight, when the earth is in its annual movement around the sun. Thus, we meet them indeed on the dates mentioned, but see more of them on the evening hours when we are on the forward part of the earth and see only those that catch up to us.

[The rest of the text contains some handwritten notes at the bottom of the page which are illegible.]


- page 4 -

RNAL HERALD

Downtown Tomorrow: An Even Greater Dayton

DAYTON, OHIO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1957

Venus--So Bright--Causing Quite A Stir

VENUS, THE EYE STAR, last night created a flurry of telephone calls to the sheriff's office and The Journal Herald, as one of its unusual brilliant 30-minute photographs was made of the planet (left), compared with a view of the same area of the sky taken at the same location (right). The picture will continue to grow in brilliance until Dec. 25, and may be seen just after sunset slightly south of overhead. (Staff photos by George Adams)


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

It's Only Star, Folks! "Thing" Is Identified From Plane Window

BY JIM SMITH
It came out again in the Cincinnati Enquirer last night - Greater Cincinnati's eerie, mysterious "thing" was a star.

It was a star, the strangely bright object that had been coming into The Enquirer's news room at 6 p.m. a reporter told a photographer, had been spotted from a National Guard C-25 plane and had been identified by Maj. Morton Gill, pilot.

The Enquirer, an FAA Thunderbird swooped over the area, made radio contact with the C-25, piloted by Maj. Gen. Robert Clark, OANG adjutant general, and has executive officer, Capt. Jack Lash.

The two-engine C-45 followed the murky ribbon that was the Ohio River and traced 1,000 feet in its climb to 10,000.

After Kahn, who had photographed the object from the ground the night before, several times, the pilot identified it.

"There it is!" he shouted.

Over the Cincinnati area, Captain Pfeiffer looked at each other and smiled. The general spoke into the radio to the pilot, received an answer and turned to the reporter and photographer. "Isn't it?"

A hasty conference with the photographic brought from him the explanation that the "thing" of the night before was the same body the photo had caught.

It twinkled, bright and friendly. Just as it had for thousands of years.

"Beautiful night!" the general was quoted as saying. He began to let down from 10,000 feet.

Jack at the airport asked General Clark said the "thing" was a normal, natural star. "I think I've seen that same star for years," he said. "I'm not familiar enough with the star charts to know for sure."

But the same undeniable "it" is returning by many people in Columbus about a year ago.

We chased it then and identified it as a planet.

General Clark and Captain Charles A. Hardin, in charge of the agency which investigates reports of unidentified flying objects for the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson, said his office had begun a systematic check of "everything in the sky" to determine whether, lighter than air, it was a planet or a star.

He said the ATIC was "deeply interested" in the case and would continue to gather information and testimony and evidence about it.

Bill Brinkley, a WKRC-TV newsman, said the object, which he said was Venus, was brilliant.

Handwritten notes on the side and bottom of the document are partially illegible, but appear to include various comments and markings related to the article.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF FORM 112
UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: U. F. O. B. Report
AREA REPORTED: North of Williston, North Dakota
DATE OF REPORT: 30 July 1958
PREPARED BY: ELDON H. WRIGHT, Major, USAF

FROM: 780th AC&W Squadron
DATE OF INFORMATION: 31 July 1958
SOURCE: Personal Interviews

Attached Annex

Investigation insured this report to be one of a valid object and not an imaginative or hysterical sighting. Object could have been an experimental balloon or other device originated under official channels in the United States or Canada. Reported details preclude the possibility of familiar celestial bodies or normal natural phenomena. Attached inclosure gives detailed information on the reported sighting by reputable observers.

Reported object was not detected by any Radar Site within pickup range.


- page 7 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30   JULY   1958
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:   3   30   Minutes
                  Hour
(Circle One):   A.M. or   P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One):   a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

(Circle One):   a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address:                   City or Town: ZAHL         State or Country: NORTH DAKOTA
Additional remarks:   1 MILE WEST OF ZAHL

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:   2   30   Seconds
                                           Hours  Minutes

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
(Circle One):   a. Certain
                b. Fairly certain
                c. Not very sure
                d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One):   a. Bright daylight
                b. Dull daylight
                c. Bright twilight

                d. Just a trace of daylight
                e. No trace of daylight
                f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):   a. In front of you
                b. In back of you
                c. To your right

                d. To your left
                e. Overhead
                f. Don't remember


- page 8 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One)   Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One)   A mile or more away (a distant car)?   b. Several blocks away?   c. Several yards away?   d. Other:

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One)   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other   NAKED EYE (NO OBSTRUCTION)


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound:        NONE
    b. Color:        OBJECT EMITTED WHITE LIGHT WITH IRREGULAR SHADES OF RED & BLUE-GREEN

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially what route it was traveling. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    [A hand-drawn sketch with lines and a circular shape, labeled "DEFINITE SHAPE UNDETERMINED"]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):    a. Fuzzy or blurred
                    b. Like a bright star
                    c. Sharply outlined
                    d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?    ONLY ONE
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 10 -

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn diagram shows two cloud-like shapes labeled A and B, with text below reading: "TRAVELED FROM NE TO E."]

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
UNABLE

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
g. Silver dollar
b. Pea
h. Baseball
c. Dime
i. Grapefruit
d. Nickel
j. Basketball
e. Quarter
k. Other
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? SPECTATORS LEFT SCENE BEFORE OBJECT DISAPPEARED
NOT

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

CONSTRUCT OUT OF METALS, ROUND SHAPE, SIZE UNDETERMINED


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
OFFICIAL STATE POLICE DUTY, JUST LOOKED UP THERE

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
(NOT MOVING)

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         d. South
b. Northeast     e. Southwest
c. East          f. Southeast

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         e. South
b. Northeast     f. Southwest
c. East          g. West
d. Southeast     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         e. South
b. Northeast     f. Southwest
c. East          g. West
d. Southeast     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 015 _______ degrees. Object on horizon when first
b. From horizon 0 _______ degrees. seen

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 090 _______ degrees. Object almost overhead when
b. From horizon 70 _______ degrees. last seen


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

22. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, end at "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 13 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
30     JULY     1958
Day     Month     Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
- States Attorney - Williston, North Dakota
- Deputy Sheriff - Williston, North Dakota
- News Reporter; Williston Daily Herald - Williston, North Dakota
- Jr. - Williston, North Dakota
- State Patrol - Williston, North Dakota

Identical report was filed by Tioga, North Dakota, and substantiated all parts of this report.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
NO OPINION


- page 14 -

