PROJECT 1003 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 21 September 1958

2. LOCATION: Sheffield Lake, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 3:40 AM
GMT: 21/0800Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: (No boxes checked)

5. SOURCE: Civilian

6. PHOTOS: □ Yes ■ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one

9. COURSE: N to E

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Sources bedroom was flooded with an intense light, she looked out the window and saw an obj flat & circular slowly moving north w/an oscillating motion. Obj was emitting pinkish-grayish smoke, had dull aluminum color. Obj rose instantaneously out of sight.

11. COMMENTS:
Investigation revealed two light sources, either or both of which could cause the 'oscillation', plus ground fog & presence of smoke in the area which could have reflected lights.

12. CONCLUSIONS: ■ Other: Light reflections
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

She called to her husband who also saw the object, but could not identify it. About five minutes later she looked for the object again, and found that it had shifted its position in a westerly direction. She does not remember seeing the moon even though she did look for it. She describes the sky as clear. The red object did not seem to be the source of the light which illuminated the room. According to the witness, the object was 2 inches wide at a distance of 14 inches.

By using similar triangles the size of the object seen by Mrs. was calculated at about 22 feet in diameter. Her first estimate was 12 feet, but later she said that it appeared about 1/3 the length of her front yard, which is 65 feet, from house to street. This would confirm the 22 feet figure.

On the same morning, about 2 am, a Mrs., Lorain, watched a "big red ball" moving outside her window. See fig. 6

The object made a low pulsating sound which made the witness "sick to my stomach." She thought at first that the light was due to a train or possibly a truck. A railroad runs one block south of the house. The witness was lying in a bed, with her head about 15 feet from the window, which is two feet across, and she said that the object took up the entire width of the window. When it approached nearest to the window the witness thought it was giving off heat. The sound connected with the object increased and decreased as the the object advanced and receded. An examination of the trees outside the window disclosed nothing peculiar, even though the object must have passed through some light branches. The witness thinks she heard a crashing sound when the object first appeared.


- page 2 -

On the morning of September 21, 1958, the moon set at approximately 1:07 a.m. This explains why Mrs. [redacted] could not see the moon at 2:30 am, and makes more mysterious the detail about bright illumination.

Fig. 1: A diagram of a window

Fig. 2: A side view of a UFO with smoke

Fig. 3: Site plan and path of UFO, showing an empty house, drive, and other elements

Fig. 5: A round "knob" described as solid red, no marks, 2x moon size

Fig. 6: Partially cut off, appears to reference "clerk"

The bottom right contains a map labeled "L. Erie" with numbered points and a north arrow.


- page 3 -

AND PLAIN DEALER, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1958                                9

'Saucer' Terrifies Housewife

+ From First Page
From that point on, his account of the incident agreed
with his signature's
Data also said that the
"saucer" made a whirring noise.
The, as it left, the noise took
on: a muffled, whining sound.
John demonstrated with a
low whistle, increasing in
pitch together with a hum.

Clarence E. Hambly said he
was not notified of the eight-foot
long and not said anything else.

The "saucer" was described
as round from a top or bottom
view and oval from a side view
with a rounded cap on top. It
was about eight feet in diameter, they said, and about three
feet high.

Mrs. Fitzgerald said it had
openings on both sides in which
she saw a series of small tubes
"like small exhaust pipes."

Sheffield Lake Police Chief

was not notified of the Fitzgerald incident by the "saucer" reports from anyone else.

A check of neighbors revealed that no one else in the vicinity of the Fitzgerald home had seen anything unusual.

Fire and the ground where the object reportedly landed was examined the ground of
which the object reportedly traveled and could not find anything unusual.

Sheffield Lake Police Chief

Mrs. William H.     Fitzgerald     John Fitzgerald
Sheffield Lake family examines mock-up
of "saucer."
Plain Dealer Staff Photo


- page 4 -

Flying Saucers on Top of D. acula,
Terrifies Sheffield Lake Woman

By ALLEN D. ASHBOLT
Lorain County Correspondent

Terrified and shaken by their
experience, a Sheffield Lake
housewife and her 10-year-old
daughter yesterday related a
weird account of a 3 a.m. visit
by a "flying saucer"

Mrs. William H. Fitzgerald,
934 E. 5th St., said she
watched the object for more
than five minutes at close
range after a brilliant light
rousted her from her bed.

Tears filled her eyes, still
reddened from crying until
dawn following the experience,
as she told of unsuccessfully
trying to wake her husband, in
helping her through the ordeal.
"I had just gone to bed after
the last movie on TV," she said,
when a brilliant white glare
filled her bedroom through the

closed window drapes. The
movie was "Dracula's Daugh-
ter."

Blinded at first, she hid her
head under the pillow until the
light pulsed. Then she stood
on her bed, looked through the
window and watched the "sau-
cer" glide over her driveway.

It hovered a foot above
neighbor's lawn, suddenly
glowed, and discharged a cloud
of heavy pinkish - grayish -
purplish smoke from the sau-
cer's back and side.

It then swept in a curve onto
her lawn. Fitzgerald's front lawn
she said, and rose to about
seven feet above the ground.

After it completed two short
circular maneuvers, the last
sight of it, she said, when it
sped upright up into the sky
over the top of her home.

Mrs. Fitzgerald, 28, and her
daughter, Christy Lynn, 7, and
her husband slept peacefully as
she watched what she described
as "the most horrible looking
thing" she had ever seen. "It
was terrifying" she said.

Her stepson, John, a fourth
grade student at Milford Ele-
mentary School in Cleveland,
was spending the weekend
with her. He was asleep in
the next bedroom, also at the
front of the house, and happened to be awake when the
"saucer" made its early-morning appearance.

Since his small bedroom window was above his eye level,
he explained, he could not see
the object until he stepped on
a wall near register. By that
time, he said, it was emitting
the cloud of smoke.

(Continued on Page 8, Column 4)


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Location], Ohio
September 29, 1958

Rep. A. D. Baumhart
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.

Dear Mr. Baumhart:

You no doubt have read the accounts of my experience with a "flying saucer" on the morning of Sept. 21. Articles appeared in the Lorain Journal and Plain Dealer. I have sent a summary of the sighting to the Air Force UFO Center in Dayton, Ohio.

Will you please check with the Air Force to find out their conclusion in this case?

If these objects are landing in populated areas, it will not be long before disaster strikes. This is definitely a menace to ordinary people. So if this was a government missile, can you stop them from being flown in populated areas? If it did not belong to our government, this fact should be made public, and proper steps should be taken to insure the public safety.

I have talked to people who have investigated similar sightings. These people tell me that usually no real investigation is made by the Air Force, and when one is made the results are ridiculous.

I would not have written this letter if I did not feel sincerely that the matter must be studied closely by authorities. The object which came down in my yard had no business there, under any circumstances.


- page 6 -

COPY

CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.

October 2, 1958

Office of Congressional Liaison
United States Air Force
538, Old House Office Building
Washington, D.C.

Attention: Major Corbin

Dear Sir:

Please find enclosed a thermofax copy of a letter I have received from my constituent, Mrs. [redacted] of Sheffield Lake, Ohio.

I am forwarding this to you in accordance with the instructions you gave me and trust you will find this enclosure self-explanatory.

I would appreciate your advice, and assurances that attention and consideration will be given to Mrs. [redacted] summary so that I may properly advise her.

Sincerely yours,
/s/ A. D. Baumhart, Jr., M.C.

ABbv
Enclosure


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

MEMO ROL G SLIP

NEVER USE FOR APPROVALS, DISAPPROVALS, CONCURRENCES, OR SIMILAR ACTIONS

SUBJECT: CONGRESSIONAL INQUIRY
(Object landed in yard of Mrs. [redacted], Sheffield, Ohio)

SAFL: 69306 (C/M A. D. Baumhart)

SUSPENSE: ASAP - not later than 14 Oct 58

ACTION: Req memo w/proposed reply per HOI 10-20
and indicate AO name & telephone number.

INCLS: 1tr fr C/M to AF I&L 2 Oct 58
cy 1tr fr Mrs. [redacted] to C/M 29 Sept

FROM: WILLIAM C. VAN DYK
Major, USAF

ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: Materiel & Operations Branch
Congressional Division

DATE: 6 Oct 58

TELEPHONE: 78692

DD FORM 95 (EDITION 12, NOV 47, WHICH MAY BE USED)


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

3am, 21 Sep

DRAFT

21 Oct.

Dear Mr. Baumhart:

I refer to your inquiry concerning the interest of Mrs. [redacted] of Sheffield Lake, Ohio, concerning an unidentified flying object she saw on 21 September 1958.

Air Force investigators arrived in Sheffield, Ohio, on 3 October 1958, contacted Mrs. [redacted] and also initiated other phases of an investigation to possibly evaluate this sighting.

Investigation revealed that a railroad track ran near the home of Mrs. [redacted]. The night of Mrs. [redacted]'s sighting a train passed the house at approximately the same hour of the reported sighting. The train had a rotating headlight which under some conditions would produce unusual effects.

Contact was also made with Chief Bosun Mate William Schott of the Lorain Coast Guard Station. Chief Schott reported that he was using his spotlight in an attempt to attract the attention of another ship, and that the light was directed toward shore in the general direction of Mrs. [redacted] house. The time and date of this incident coincide with those reported by Mrs. [redacted]. Mrs. [redacted] of Lorain, Ohio, a witness listed in Mrs. [redacted] report, couldn't recall anything unusual on the night of the reported sighting. Mr. [redacted] another witness of Lorain, Ohio, was not available for interview. The weather at the time of the incident was a misty rain with haze and smoke.

Conclusion of Air Force investigators were that the combination of moving lights, noise of the train and prevailing weather account for the illusion experienced by Mrs. [redacted]. The Air Technical Intelligence Center, after evaluating the evidence in this case, concurred with the conclusion of the


- page 9 -

For your information, I am inclosing the latest Department of Defense fact sheet on the subject of unidentified flying objects, dated 6 October 1958. This fact sheet clearly outlines the Air Force position with respect to unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely,


- page 10 -

Sheffield Lake, Ohio
October 29, 1958

Public Information Officer
Wright- Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio
Dear Sir:

This is a request for the official conclusion on my UFO report.

My sighting took place on September 21, 1958, at my home in Sheffield Lake, Ohio. It was investigated on October 3 and 4 by Sgt. Hof and Sgt. Haistan, both of the Air Technical Intelligence Center.

I was assured by the sergeants that the conclusion would be available to me within thirty days. They also said that if the case is in the "known" category I will be furnished with the evidence which indicated that conclusion.

Please send the conclusion as soon as possible.

Sincerely,
Mrs. [redacted]


- page 11 -

UFO SIGHTING
SHEFFIELD LAKE, OHIO
21 September 1958

On the morning of 21 September 1958 at approximately 0300 EDT, the witness was awakened by a very bright light which illuminated her bedroom. Looking out a bedroom window with faced her front yard, she saw flat, circular object with a dome-shaped top. The object was approximately six to eight feet from the ground, moving slowly in a northerly direction, parallel with the length of the house, and descending with a floating oscillating motion. The object was reported to be approximately ten feet from the window when first sighted. Mrs. X installed the top of the object was clear to her in every detail, and that the color reminded her of dull aluminum. The dimensions of the object were estimated to be 20 feet in diameter and approximately six feet thick. The object was reported to have made several turns around the yard and then rose instantly out of sight. Total elapsed time was estimated at five minutes. Mrs. X's stepson also viewed the object from the bathroom window which is located on the same side of the house as Mrs. X's vantage point.

In Summary, the investigation revealed that a railroad track ran near the home of Mrs. X. Contact with Mrs. X, Contact station master at Lorain, Ohio, revealed that a train passes the witness's home at approximately the hour and date of the sighting. The train had an oscillating headlight, and this light could have been seen by Mrs. X. Contact was also made with the Officer-In-Charge of the Lorain Coast Guard Station. The chief reported that he was using his spotlight to attract the attention of another ship, and that his light was directed towards shore in the general direction of Mrs. X's home. The time and date of this incident coincide with those reported by Mrs. X. Mrs. Y of Lorain, Ohio, was contacted but was unable to recall anything unusual on the night of the reported sighting. Mrs. Z, another witness of Lorain, Ohio was not available for interview.

The weather at the time of the sighting was intermittent mist and rain with haze and smoke. Weather is always an important factor because of its direct effects, and the fact that in often allows for indirect conclusions (i.e., stars, planets, etc., may be immediately ruled out when there was a thick overcast at the time of the sighting).

Investigation further disclosed that Mrs. X received letters from other self-appointed UFO experts concerning her sighting. These letters all inferred that Mrs. X may have been harmed in some way, and were toned for encouragement to Mrs. X and all directed toward discrediting the U.S. Government and particularly the Air Force.

The Air Force conclusion in this case is that Mrs. X and her step-son were victims of an illusion. This illusion resulted from the combination of lights from the train and possibly the Coast Guard boats, the rear from the train, and the prevailing weather conditions. It is not uncommon for persons having the same or similar vantage points to experience the same...


- page 12 -

21 Se,

12 November 1958

Dear Mrs.

Your letter of 29 October 1958, addressed to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base concerning an unidentified flying object sighting on 21 September at Sheffield Lake, Ohio, has been referred to this office for reply.

The conclusion of Air Force investigators were that the combination of moving lights, the noise of a train and the prevailing weather at the time accounted for the sighting experienced by you that night.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mrs.
Sheffield Lake, Ohio


- page 13 -

Sheffield Lake, Ohio
November 27, 1958

Dear Major Tacker:

Would you kindly specify what moving lights caused me to see an object 22 feet in diameter and 6 feet high hovering in my front yard?

Your reference to the prevailing weather has also confused me somewhat. I stated in the report form that it had stopped raining some time before the sighting. I would appreciate it very much if you would explain these matters to me in a little more detail.

Sincerely,
Mrs. [redacted]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

C 'R SHEET                                                 SUSPENSE
UNCLASSIFIED
[Handwritten notes partially obscured]

DATE: [Partially illegible]

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Mrs. [Redacted] (Sheffield Lake, Ohio)

[Routing table with multiple office codes is mostly blank]

TO: SAFIS-3, Attn: Maj. Tucker                             DATE: 10 Dec 1958
FROM: AFOIN-4E                                             COMMENT NO. 1
COMMENTS (Use reverse, if necessary)

1. It is evident the only explanation that will satisfy Mrs. [Redacted] or the so-called private UFO investigators, is that she saw a space ship. To these individuals, including Mrs. [Redacted], she saw a "flying saucer", and nothing we can say will change their way of thinking.

2. According to the Lorain Coast Guard Station log, the weather throughout the early morning of 21 September 1958, was alternately misting and raining.

3. Although Mrs. [Redacted] claims a train did not pass her house at any time just prior to, or after, her sighting, a check with the Lorain railway station was made. It was determined a train did pass her house, going west, at about the time of her sighting, having a headlight that made a figure eight oscillation.

4. ATIC retains its original stand on the conclusions in this case. Mrs. [Redacted] was the victim of an illusion.

[Signatures and classification markings at bottom of page]

Classification Cancelled
H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

215c1
Case 1958

UNCLASSIFIED
23 December 1958

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is to acknowledge your letter of 27 November 1958 concerning your unidentified flying object sighting of 21 September 1958.

According to the Lorain Coast Guard Station log, the weather throughout the morning of 21 September 1958 was alternately misting and raining.

Also, a check with the Lorain railway station disclosed that a train passed your house, going west, at the time of your sighting. This train had a headlight that made figure eight oscillations. It is the opinion of the Air Technical Intelligence Center Investigators that this was the light you observed.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mrs. [redacted]
Sheffield Lake, Ohio

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS: UNCLASSIFIED
[Classification Cancellation stamp at bottom right]


- page 16 -

Sheffield Lake, Ohio
November 10, 1958

Public Information Officer
Wright-Patterson A.F. Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

On October 31 you received a certified letter from me requesting the official conclusion on my UFO sighting.
To date I have not heard from you. I was promised this information, and if necessary I will contact my congressman about the matter.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]
Mrs.


- page 17 -

14 November 1958

Dear Mrs.
Sheffield Lake, Ohio

Thank you for your letter of 10 November requesting information about your UFO sighting and your previous letter of 31 October.

Your original letter stated that the investigation was conducted by two members of the Air Technical Intelligence Center; therefore, your letter was forwarded to that organization for direct reply to you. Air Technical Intelligence Center is a tenant organization of the base and is not under operational control of this office.

We have sent your latest query to the Center and you will be hearing from them soon, undoubtedly.

Sincerely,

DENNIS E. McCLENDON
Captain, USAF
Information Service Officer


- page 18 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
21   Sept   1958

2. Time of day: 8
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted/Blacked out]
Nearest Postal Address                City                 State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:   5   Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
Three-fourths cloud head been raining previously
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just after at daylight
b. Dull daylight   e. No trace of daylight
c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
[Text in this section is illegible]


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
Very brilliant white (Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
                                    b. Several blocks away?
                                    c. A block away?
                                    d. Several yards away?
                                    e. Other

11. Did the object:                 (Circle One for each question)   Yes   No   Don't Know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                               
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?                    
c. Break up into parts or explode?                                 
d. Give off smoke?                                                 
e. Change brightness?                                              
f. Change shape?                                                   
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                                     

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   d. Binoculars   Yes   No
                           e. Telescope     Yes   No


- page 20 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: Slight noise, whirring, humming, muffled sound.
b. Color: Slight white, dull aluminum, 2 colors.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO is shown, shaped like a flattened oval/disc with an "N" arrow indicating its direction of movement]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
             b. Like a bright slit
             c. Sharply outlined
             d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
[Space left blank for response]
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. (IF POSSIBLE) try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
Literally 4 feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length:
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin   g. Silver dollar
               b. Pea             h. Baseball
               c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
               d. Nickel          j. Basketball
               e. Quarter         k. Other ELY SMALLER - 9 3/4 inches
               f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
       a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Slight smoke trail. Slight quick and quick retreat. Abruptly disappeared quickly.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Dull aluminum - 20 FT in diameter - Circular

Two disks. Will turn together with small desire disk on top.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFCIN-LBJ/Maj Friend/ac
6926/Biag 828
Typed 10 Oct 58

FILE CLASS.
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

13 OCT 1958

Sheffield Lake, Ohio

Dear Mr.

Enclosed are your letters from Mr. and Mrs. and Mrs. and which you loaned to the Air Force Investigators of your unidentified flying object sighting of 21 September 1958.

Your reporting of the incident, interest and the cooperation given the Air Force Investigators is greatly appreciated.

Sincerely,

H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

Incls:
1. ltr send
2. ltr send
3. ltr send

Dated 13 1958


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other Edge of URBAN AREA

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I had just gone to hide a billboard. White light
about six the window.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.


- page 24 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
21 Sept 1958
Day Month Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I believe this object was a space ship - possibly there to collect data etc. Yes


- page 26 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No   (handwritten note: "slight moved a very slow dim")
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? 10-12 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: Sheffield Lake, City: Sheffield Lake, Zone: Ohio, State: Ohio

What is your present job? Housewife
Age: 28   Sex: Female

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school: Eight
b. High school: Four
c. College: [blank]
d. Post graduate: [blank]
e. Technical school: [blank] (Type)
f. Other special training: [blank]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [blank day] October 1958 Year


- page 27 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

DATE October 4, 1958

I had just gone to bed when this brilliant white light showed in the window. As the light subsided, I noticed but and saw this object moving north across the front lawn. The object was approximately 20 feet in diameter and 6 ft. in height. The object crossed the driveway becoming lower as it moved and hovered about a foot above the lawn. The object then turned east and moved to the center of the lawn crossed back over the drive and turned toward the house. The object made two light swirls and went very instantly. The object while hovering over the lawn cleared a "grayish-pinkish" smoke of some sort and as it went...


- page 28 -

5 January 1959

Dr. [redacted]
Cambridge 38, Mass.
Dear Dr. [redacted]

You and your family have my hopes for a happy and successful New Year.

In our earlier telephone conversation I promised to send you a weekly summary of our activities, but after further thought I feel a bi-monthly summary would be sufficient, supplemented by telephone calls, TV's and letters on case requiring immediate attention. If you have any objections or suggestions to this procedure let me know at your earliest convenience.

It has been some time since you have been brought up to date, therefore, I shall attempt to summarize the outstanding cases of the last three months of 1958. I will not go into figures for the period as they may be obtained from the enclosed chart covering the last six months of 1958.

08002, 21 September 1958, Sheffield Lake, Ohio

A housewife was awakened by an intense bright light in her bedroom. She rose to a standing position on the bed and from her window viewed an object with a described as a round (saucer-like) approximately twenty feet in diameter and six feet high. The glowing object made several oscillations in her front yard approximately six feet from the ground, and then disappeared straight up moving at a very high rate of speed. The witness stated that the sound associated with the object was a muffled humming and whirring.

The Air Force investigators on the case discovered two light sources which were in the vicinity of the witness' house during the time of the reported sighting. The search light of a coast guard ship was thrown on the coast in the vicinity of the witness' house and a train with an oscillating head and tail light passed the house at the same hour. The weather at the time of the sighting was alternately mist and rain with smoke and haze. As a result of these and the additional fact that the witness watched a horror show (Dracula's Daughter) before retiring,


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

was probably emotionally vulnerable, led the ATIC to conclude that the witness was a victim of an illusion.

Q9232, 26 September 1958, Columbus, Miss. to Atlanta, Ga.

Object described as a bright ball of fire with a tail and moving at a very high rate of speed. Two of the eight witnesses claimed the object was at an extremely low altitude (200-300 feet) and one witness, an off duty CAF pilot, heard a roaring noise from the object. The weather at the time of this sighting was clear. The ATIC concluded this object was a meteor.

Q9252, 29 September 1958, Washington, D. C. to Pittsburgh, Pa.

Object described as round and flaming or burning very bright, with a faint possibility of a tail and a roaring or fluttering sound. The object was reported to be moving at a very high rate of speed. This object was witnessed by twelve people and was reported to have struck the ground or landed in both the Washington, D. C. area and the Pittsburgh area.

The ATIC concluded this object was a meteor.

Q9302, 26 October 1958, Lock Raven Dam (Baltimore), Md.

Two civilians were taking a ride near the dam when, from a distance estimated by the witnesses to be approximately 250 yards, but which investigation proved to be approximately one mile, they saw an object hovering approximately 125 feet over the super structure of the bridge. The witnesses estimated the object was approximately 100 feet and a dull gray in color. The witnesses reported that as they got closer it became the electrical system of the car was affected, the lights went out and the motor went dead. Both witnesses got out of the car and were greeted by a bright flash of light accompanied by a thunder clap from the vicinity of the object, then it began to rise vertically and in five or ten seconds it had completely disappeared. The witnesses were then able to get their car started, make their way to a phone and report the sighting to the Ground Observers Corps and the Towson Police Department. Both men then proceeded to Ft. Joseph Eggleston in Baltimore for a physical examination which had negative results.

The ATIC is presently chasing down the possibility of an escaped captive balloon, however, this would leave elements of the case unresolved. This case lacks sufficient evidence for an accurate scientific analysis.

A7552, 28 October 1958, Charleston, S. C. to Savannah, Ga.

Object described as a bright burning ball falling from the sky. Weather clear with 15 miles visibility. The ATIC concluded this was a meteor.

Sincerely,

1 Incl
Cy of Statistics                                    Robert J. Friend


- page 30 -

UNCLASSIFIED

UFO Sighting, Sheffield Lake (Ohio)

17 December 1958

SAFIS-3, Attn: Maj. L. J. Tucker

AFOIN-4E/Maj. Friend/ac/69216/Blg 828

1. Reference the questions outlined in Mr. [redacted]'s letter of 7 December 1958, to M/Gen. Fisher. The ATIC will not recommend any disciplinary action be taken against the investigators. The ATIC feels that the investigation was adequate and intense no further investigation of this case. A staff study of the UFO Program is presently being prepared. For preparation to the Command of ATIC, this study does propose some improvement in the Air Force's UFO investigative capability, but was in no sense prompted by this case.

2. Reference the charges of criminal mishandling in Mr. [redacted]'s letter and in "The [redacted] Report," dated 21 September 1958, published by the UFO Research Committee of Akron, Ohio. T/Sgt L. A. Haisten and T/Sgt V. J. Hof are both trained investigators, Haisten having experienced similar investigations since 1951. The following paragraphs dealing with the specific charges will substantiate the competence of the investigators.

3. Omissions, errors and/or contradictions in "The [redacted] Report," dated 21 September 1958, and published by the UFO Research Committee of Akron, Ohio are as follows. Referenced page numbers are from the report:

a. (Page 1) No mention of the horror movie (Dracula's Daughter) which the witness was viewing just before the sighting. It is the opinion of the ATIC that this was a contributing factor to the emotional vulnerability of Mrs. [redacted].

b. (Page 1) Witness mentions for the first time that window curtains were made of heavy cloth.

c. (Page 3) The investigators did inform Mrs. [redacted] that approximately thirty (30) days would be required for the Air Force to get an answer to her. However, they made no statement concerning the extent of the material which would be made available to her.

d. (Page 3) T/Sgt Haisten questioned Mrs. [redacted] for approximately two to two and one-half hours. During approximately half of that time T/Sgt Hof and Mr. Durant, of the UFO Research Committee were not present. T/Sgt Haisten points out that many more questions than those listed were asked of Mrs. [redacted].

e. (Page 3) The Air Force investigators did not make a house to house check in the neighborhood. It has already been pointed out that these men have considerable experience, and in their opinion the evidence already collected precluded the necessity of continuing investigation at additional expense.

f. (Pages 3 & 4) It is assumed that Mrs. [redacted] is the Mrs. [redacted] of Lorain who was contacted by the Air Force investigators and indicated that nothing unusual occurred on the night of Mrs. [redacted] sighting. Mrs. [redacted] indicated to the


- page 31 -

UNCLASSIFIED

g. (Page 4) The investigators indicate that no one was home at the house. Contact would certainly have been made with Mrs. and this had been possible.

h. (Page 6) The fact that this object was seen by another person from approximately the same vantage point does not rule out the illusion. The same illusion can be experienced by more than one individual if the conditions are right. Mirages, and the fact that there are so many successful magicians, is proof enough of this claim.

i. (Page 6) In obtaining a description of the item Mr. admitted to the Air Force investigators that he showed Mrs. a drawing from Blue Book for comparison. Small wonder that there is similarity between her description and the item in Blue Book.

j. The train time indicated here is not specified as EST or EDT. The Air Force investigators, however, recorded a train west bound at 2:54 EDT, the approximate time of the sighting, while the station master's log indicates that the eastbound train, mentioned in the sighting, passed at 2:52 EST (3:52 EDT) or 52 minutes after the sighting.

k. (Page 8) The investigators point out that approximately 100 feet of track can be seen from the window of Mrs. bedroom and that the train light would not be blocked by houses or trees.

l. (Page 8) The primary job of Halsten and Hof is investigation; they may or may not offer a conclusion as a result of their findings. The responsibility for the analysis of all UFO cases lies with the ATIC. In no instance should investigators hazard a conclusion for official publication as Air Force representatives.

m. (Page 8) The Air Force conclusion stated that it was a combination of lights which was responsible for the illusion experienced by Mrs. All Air Force investigators were informed that the light on Chief Schortt's ship is pencil-beamed.

4. The following statements align themselves with the alleged charges of blunders committed by T/Sgt Halsten and T/Sgt Hof. Page 9 of the Report:

a. The investigators indicate that the light can be seen from Mrs. window.

b. There was no claim that the light was reflected from clouds but was possibly shown directly on the home of Mrs. Sgt Hof states he made no commitment concerning the impossibility of the light shining on Mrs. house.

c. The impression of the investigators is that the light on Chief Schortt's ship is of the spotlight variety. A light source would not be nearly as noticeable in the lighted town as at the unlighted areas of Mrs. home.

d. Mrs. did admit seeing a red glow on the night of the sighting; however, she attributed this to reflections from the Ohio Edison Plant to the WNW of her home. It is significant to note that Mrs. home is approximately 3 miles to the west, placing Mrs. between the Ohio Edison Plant and the Ohio Edison Plant.


- page 32 -

UNCLASSIFIED

e. No one was home to be contacted at the Uego house.

f. The report plays with words here. Mist is visible water vapor or rain
of very small droplets. The weather was obtained from the log of Chief Schott. The
Ohio Edison Plant is northwest of Mrs. [redacted] house and also a source of smoke.
there was no specific claim that the smoke came from the U. S. Steel Company plant.

g. (1) The Air Force investigators did not feel a house to house check was
necessary in view of evidence already obtained and expense involved.

(2) Mrs. [redacted] had already constructed a model made of paper plates
and a bowl which was shown to the sergeant along with a verbal description.

(3) T/Sgt Haisten obtained information concerning the motion of the
object from Mrs. [redacted]. This was during the period Mr. [redacted] was absent with
T/Sgt Hof.

(4) The sergeants did take notes during the investigation and interview.
However, it should be noted that the trained interrogator is taught not to take, or to
take a minimum of notes. Witnesses are more prone to free talk if they feel there is
no record requiring exact recounting on their part in the future.

(5) The ATIC feels that it should once again be pointed out that the
apparent purpose of the UFO Research Committee, like most private organizations,
to discredit the U. S. Government and particularly the United States Air Force.

(6) The UFO Research Committee is claimed to be a scientific organization.
However, there are no indications of a high level of education within the organization.

(7) The ATIC stands firmly behind the investigators in this case. True
there were some additional phases of investigation which they could have carried out,
i.e. house to house check, but this would have resulted in additional expense to the
Air Force when in the judgment of these experienced men the collected evidence was
sufficient.

1 Incl:
Ltr dtd 7 Dec 58,
w/report of
UFO sighting

H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-1624)

C
O
P
Y

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS


- page 33 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

(W) UFO Sighting, M██████████ (Sheffield, Ohio)

ROUTING

TO: SAFIS-3   Attn: Major Tucker                                   DATE: 10 Oct 1958

FROM: AFOIN-4E4

1. On 1 October 1958, the Air Technical Intelligence Center received a letter from Mrs. ████████ of Sheffield, Ohio, containing a report of her UFO sighting on 21 September 1958, and action was initiated on this date to have the case investigated.

2. Mrs. ████████ stated in her report that on the morning of 21 September 1958, she was awakened by a very bright light which illuminated her bedroom at approximately 0300 EDT. Looking out of a bedroom window which faced her front yard, she saw an object which was flat and circular with a dome shaped top. Object was approximately 6 - 8 feet from the ground, moving slowly in a northerly direction; parallel with the length of the house, and descending with a floating oscillating motion. Object was reported to be approximately 10 feet from the window when first sighted. Witness insists the top of the object was clear to her in every detail, and that the color remained her of a dull aluminum. The dimensions of the object were estimated to be 20 feet in diameter and approximately 6 feet thick. Witness reports that the item made several turns around the yard and then rose instantly out of sight. Total elapsed time was estimated as 5 to 7 minutes.

3. Air Force investigators arrived in Sheffield, Ohio on 3 October 1958, contacted Mrs. ████████ and also initiated other phases of the investigation. Mrs. ████████ at all interviews was advised by Mr. ████████ a member of a


- page 34 -

UNCLASSIFIED

UFO Sighting, Sheffield Lake, Ohio

SAFIS-3, ATTN: Maj. L. J. Tucker
AFOIN-48

1. On 1 October 1958, the Air Technical Intelligence Center received a letter from Mrs. [redacted] of Sheffield Lake, Ohio, containing a report of her sighting of an unidentified flying object on 21 September 1958. Action was initiated by the ATIC on this date to have this sighting investigated by the 1006th AIS.

2. The general content of Mrs. [redacted]'s report is that on the morning of 21 September 1958, she was awakened by a very bright light which illuminated her bedroom at approximately 0500 AM. Looking out of a bedroom window facing her front yard, she saw an object which was flat and circular with a dome shaped top. The object was approximately six to eight feet from the ground, slowly in a northerly direction; parallel with the length of the house, and descending with a rotating, oscillating motion. The object was reported to be approximately ten feet from the window when first sighted. Mrs. [redacted] was able to see in color and insists the top of the object was a dull aluminum. The dimensions of the object were estimated to be 20 feet in diameter and approximately six feet thick. She instantaneously reported the item was reported to have made several turns around the yard and then rose instantly out of sight. Total elapsed time was estimated as five minutes.

3. The Air Force investigators arrived in Sheffield Lake, Ohio on 3 October

Classification Cancelled
Auth: [signature]
By: [signature]
Date: 4 May 1959
ATIC/ac/69216/Blg 263


- page 35 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

4. The general procedure used in the investigation of this case was to interview Mrs. and obtain information of the sighting and for evaluating the sources visit the scene of the sighting. Observe the physical layout, search for possible conditions which could be responsible for the sighting, and to scan the general area for possible more remote causes for the sighting.

5. In summary, the investigation reveals that a railroad track ran near the home of Mrs. Contact was made with Mr. Station master at Lorain, Ohio, revealed that a train passed the house at approximately the hour and date of the sighting. The train had an eastlight headlight and the light could have been seen by Mrs. Contact was also made with Chief Boatman William Juliet, Officer-In-Charge of the Lorain Coast Guard Station. The chief reported that he was using his spotlight to attract the attention of another ship and that his light was aboard a journal shore in the general direction of the sighting. The time and date of this incident coincide with those reported by Mrs. Mrs. of Lorain, Ohio was contacted, but was unable to recall anything unusual on the night of the reported sighting. Mrs. another witness of Lorain, Ohio, was not available for interview.

6. The weather at the time of the sighting was intermittent mist and rain with base and smoke. Weather is always an important factor because of its direct effect and the fact that it often allows for indirect conclusions (i.e. stars, planets, etc. may be immediately ruled out when there was a thick overcast at the time of the sighting).

7. Mrs. impressed the Air Force investigators as being nervous, emotional, and impressionable. At times during the interview she was on the brink of tears, and gave other indication of a highly emotional state. Prior to retiring the witness had watched a horror movie on television (Dracula's Daughter) which probably contributed to her emotional state.

8. Investigation further disclosed that Mrs. received letters from other self-appointed UFO experts concerning her sighting. These letters all affirmed that Mrs. may have been harmed in some way, and were toned for encouragement to Mrs. and will directed toward identifying the U. S. Government and particularly the Air Force. (Incls. 3, 4 & 5)

9. Mrs. admitted that the letter and report which she sent to the Air Technical Intelligence Center was prepared by Mrs. The opinion of the investigators, and shared by the ATIC, is that this individual had considerable influence upon the report and subsequent actions of the witness.

10. The investigators T/Sgt L. A. Halsten and T/Sgt W. J. McF. ...

Note: Some names have been partially redacted with black marks.


- page 36 -

UNCLASSIFIED

case. Effectively the sergeants had nothing to add only to substantiate the information on this is contained in their report and to deny the claims against them in "The _______ Report", which was published by the UFO Research Committee of Akron, Ohio.(incl. 6)

11. The following are omissions, errors and/or contradictions in "The ______" report, dated 21 September 1958. Reference page numbers are from the report:

a. (page 1) No mention of the horror movie (Dracula's Daughter) which the witness was viewing. Just before the sighting, it is the opinion of the ATIC that this was a contributing factor to the emotional vulnerability of Mrs. ______.

b. (page 1) Witness mentions for the first time that window curtains were made of heavy cloth.

c. (page 3) The investigators did inform Mrs. ______ that approximately 30 days would be required for the Air Force to get an answer to her. However, they made no statement concerning the extent of the material which would be made available to her.

d. (page 3) T/Sgt Halsten questioned Mrs. ______ for approximately two to two and one half hours. During approximately half of that time T/Sgt did not and she ______ of the UFO Research Committee, were not present. T/Sgt Halsten points out that many more questions than those listed were asked of Mrs. ______.

e. (page 3) The Air Force investigators did not make a house to house check in the neighborhood. It has already been pointed out that these men have considerable experience, and in their opinion the evidence already collected precluded the necessity of continuing investigation at additional expense.

f. (pages 3 & 4) It is assumed that Mrs. ______ is the Mrs. of Lorain who was contacted by the Air Force investigators and induced to sign a building, unusual occurrence in the mid-50 of Mrs. ______ sighting. Mrs. ______ indicated to the investigators that the real ______ was from the mills, an opinion shared by the sergeants.

g. (page 4) The investigators indicate that no one was at the ______ contact would certainly have been made with Mrs. ______ had this been possible.

h. (page 6) The fact that this object was seen by another person from approximately the same vantage point does not rule out the illusion. And since illusion can be experienced by more than one individual if the conditions are right. Mirages, and the fact that there are so many successful magicians, is proof enough of this claim.


- page 37 -

UNCLASSIFIED

1. (Page 6) In obtaining a description of the item [redacted], admitted to the Air Force investigator that he showed [redacted] a drawing from Blue Book for comparison. Small voice that there is similarity between her description and the item in Blue Book.

2. (Page 8) The train time indicated here is not specified as EST or EDT. The Air Force investigators; however, recorded a train west bound at 2:54 EJT, the approximate time of the sighting, while the stated train was at [illegible]

12. The following statements align themselves with the alleged charges of blunders committed by T/Sgt Halsten and T/Sgt Hof (Page 9 of [redacted] Report):

a. The investigators indicate that the light can be seen from [redacted] window.

b. There was no claim that the light was reflected from clouds, but was possibly shown directly on the home of Mrs. [redacted]. Sgt Hof states he made no comment concerning the impossibility of the light shining on [redacted]'s house.

c. The impression of the investigators is that the light on Chief Scott's ship in of the spotlight variety. A light source would not be nearly as noticeable in the lighted town as at the unlighted area of [redacted].

d. Mrs. [redacted] did admit seeing a red glow on the night of the sighting; however, she attributed this to reflections from the Ohio Edison Plant to the NW of her home. It is a night instance to note that Mrs. [redacted]'s home is approximately three miles to the west of the Ohio Edison Plant.


- page 38 -

UNCLASSIFIED

i. (Page 6) In obtaining a description of the item No. admitted to the Air Force investigator that he showed from Blue Book for comparison. Small wonder that there is a similarity between her description and the item in Blue Book.

j. (Page 8) The train time indicated here is not specified as EST or EDT. The Air Force investigators; however, recorded a train west bound at 2:54 EW, the approximate time of the sighting, while the station master's log indicates that the eastbound train, mentioned in the "Report", passed at 2:52 KST (3:52 EWT) or 52 minutes after the sighting.

k. (Page 8) The investigators point out that approximately 100 feet of track can be seen from the window of Mrs. between and that the train might not be blocked by houses or trees.

l. (Page 8) The primary job of Haisten and Hof is investigation they may or may not offer a conclusion as a result of their findings. The responsible way for the analysis of all UFO cases lies with the ATIC. In no instance should investigators hazard a conclusion for official publication on Air Force representatives.

m. (Page 8) The Air Force conclusion stated that it was a combination of the lights which was responsible for the illusion experienced by Mrs. Air Force investigators were informed that the light on Chief Schott's ship is fixed.

Par. 12 was following:

12. The statements disapprove the charges in the Air Force Report that T/Sgt Haisten and T/Sgt Hof committed blunders in conducting the investigation of this case. (Page 9)

This charge was requested by Mr. _______, and was for friend notified Major Walker 8 May 1959, by telephone.

d. Mrs. _______ did admit seeing a red glow on the night of the sighting; however, she attributed this to reflections from the Ohio Edison Plant to the WNW of her home. It is significant to note that her home is approximately three miles to the west of Mrs. _______ Edison Plant, placing her between Mrs. _______ and the Ohio

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 39 -

UNCLASSIFIED

e. No one was home to be contacted at the [illegible] house.

f. The report plays with words here. Mist is visible water vapor or rain of very small droplets. The weather was obtained from the log of Chief Schott. The Ohio Edison Plant is northwest of [illegible] house and also a source of smoke, there was no specific claim that the smoke came from the U. S. Steel Company plant.

g. (1) The Air Force Investigators did not feel a house to house check was necessary in view of evidence already obtained and expense involved.

(2) Mrs [illegible] had already constructed a model made of paper plates and a bowl which was shown to the sergeants, along with a verbal description.

(3) T/Sgt Haisten obtained information concerning the motion of the object from Mrs [illegible]. This was during the period [illegible] was absent with T/Sgt Hof.

(4) The sergeants did take notes during the investigation and interviews. However, it should be noted that the trained interviewer is taught not to take, or to take a minimum of notes. Witnesses are more prone to free talk if they feel there is no record requiring exact record on their part in the future.

13. The men assigned to investigate this case are both well trained and experienced investigators. T/Sgt Haisten having experience since 1948 and T/Sgt Hof since 1951.

14. This report, like all others upon reaching the ATIC, is first given general consideration. Does the description and characteristics indicate the object is probably an aircraft, balloon, meteor, etc. If the description can be characterized as a general category, then steps are taken to determine if such an object or aircraft was in the area at the time of the sighting. Next if it is inspected with a view toward its special requirements, i.e., laboratory analysis, if any material accompanies the report, or if it requires a specialist to conduct the analysis, i.e., astronomer, physicist, etc. The fact that the Aerial Phenomena Group is a part of the Air Science Division, and with the laboratories of the Wright Air Development Center located on the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, makes this type of scientific and technical support technically available. Incidentally available. The Air Force has under contract a noted astro-physicist for consultant services to this project. The ATIC approach to the analysis of these cases is as scientific as the evidence allows, and whenever necessary the analyst is a specialist. In considering [illegible] and her [illegible] were victims of an illusion resulting from the combination of lights from the truth and possibly the Coast Guard boat, the roar


- page 40 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

from the train and the prevailing weather conditions. It is not uncommon for persons having the same or similar vantage points to experience the same illusion. Further, it is the opinion of the ATIC that there was no threat to national security or a danger of any kind associated with this sighting.

15. This case was analyzed by a man with a background in astronomy and physics.

16. The inclosed report of investigation and copy of original letter from Hqs. are the only copies available at the ATIC. It is requested that they be returned at the earliest convenience.

[Signature]
GORDON C. HOFFMAN
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-16

6 Incls:
1. Ltr fr Hqs.
w/summary
2. (C) AF 112
3. Ltr fr
4. Incl fr
5. Ltr fr
6. Rpt

[Handwritten notes]
Robert Brieud Major
AFOIN 4829 4 May 59
J C Ratham 4 May 59


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

AND PLAIN DEALER, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1958

'Saucer' Terrifies Housewife
* From First Page

Clarence E. Hambly said he was not notified of the "saucer" and had not had any account of the incident agreed with his statement.

Both also said that the "saucer" made a whirring noise. Then, as it left, the noise took on a muffled, whining sound.

John demonstrated with his low whistle, increasing in pitch, together with a hum.

Not Seen by Others

The "saucer" was described as round from top to bottom view and oval from a side view with a rounded cap on top. It was about eight feet in diameter, they said, and about three feet high.

Mrs. Fitzgerald said it had openings on both sides in which she saw a series of small tubes "like small exhaust pipes"

Sheffield Lake Police Chief

[Caption under photo: Mrs. William H. Fitzgerald, Sheffield Lake family examines mock-up of "saucer".]

[Caption under photo: John Fitzgerald]

[Note: The text appears to be from a newspaper article about a UFO sighting, with a photo of two people examining a mock-up of the reported "saucer".]


- page 42 -

RESEARCH ON Unidentified Flying Objects
By Lillian Crowner Deguin

Bob Adkins of WTVN radio is responsible for bringing this Monday morning news broadcast Flying Saucer story to pin. In his Monday morning news broadcast he mentioned a sighting by Mrs. William Fitzgerald of Sheffield Lake, Ohio.

Feeling that this event deservedly a follow-up, especially before some government official could arrive to advise her not to long distance call.

Mrs. Fitzgerald lives in a housing development where there are about 85 homes, indicating not much territory between houses. She had gone to bed Sunday shortly before 3 A.M. (September 21st). Suddenly a brilliant light shone through her closed drapes with such intensity that she was forced to shield her eyes and bury them in her pillow. When the light disappeared she ran to the window. There about seven or eight feet above her lawn was a full-fledged UFO. Mrs. Fitzgerald knew nothing about such phenomena, I'm sure she had no desire to see one, and has less desire to see one again. To me she sounded like a woman who was scared stiff. She said she felt as if everything inside of her changed location for good.

Not being much good on guessing sizes she said her best to give approximate measurements. She thought the object might have been eight feet in diameter and three feet through. She described it as looking like two paper plates placed edge to edge and topped with a soup dish. It was a dull aluminum color, the only illumination coming from an ex-illumination which gave off a grayish pink hue sufficient to show off the form of this object.

She watched it for several minutes as it did various antics, as well as hovering here and there. This saucer-shaped ship even went around her house and over in her neighbors yard. Having played long enough, the UFO went straight up, disappearing into what no doubt, must be heaven.

Apparently, Mrs. Fitzgerald's ten-year-old son was awakened by the light, as he saw the ship from his own bedroom. He ran to awaken his father before he was able to navigate that far.

A mother's main concern is the safety of her children, and this was certainly what bothered Mrs. Fitzgerald. After assuring her that I didn't feel that this was a Russian invention or that it was going to harm her children, I believe she felt relieved.

Any one would have to be the world champion cynic to talk to this woman and believe that she had made up such a tale for publicity's sake.

I am sorry I haven't an answer to give to this sighting. The best I could do would be to give several possibilities, and this will not be forthcoming in the near future. I can say that there are many sightings which describe a brilliant spotlight sometimes turned on by UFO's. A woman who lives on Harrisburg Pike saw one of these ships cross a cornfield, with a light like a giant that every clod of dirt could see. I wouldn't want to guess whether this ship was occupied or not, I believe either answer is possible.


- page 43 -

Flying Saucers on Top of Dracula, Terrifies Sheffield Lake Woman

By ALLEN D. ASHBOLT
Lorain County Correspondent

Terrified and shaken by their experience, a Sheffield Lake housewife and her 10-year-old daughter yesterday related a weird account of a 3 a.m. visit by a "flying saucer."

Mrs. William H. Fitzgerald, 634 E. 11th Drive, said she and her daughter were less than five minutes at close range after a brilliant light roused her from her bed.

Tense and shocked, still reclining from excitement, she was trying to wake her husband, an unemployed truck driver, to help her through the ordeal.

"I had just gone to bed after the last movie on TV," she said, when a brilliant white glare closed her window drapes. The movie was "Dracula's Daughter."

Blinded at first, she hid her head under the pillow until the light subsided. Then she stood on her bed, looked out, and watched the "saucer" hover above her lawn.

It hovered a foot above her neighbor's lawn, and a glow glowed, and discharged a cloud of "heavy pinkish-grayish-purplish smoke from the saucer's back and sides," she said.

It then swept in a circular arc. Fitzgerald's front lawn, she said, was about seven feet above the ground.

After it completed two short circular maneuvers, she lost sight of it, she said, when it sped straight up into the sky over the top of her home.

Mrs. Fitzgerald, 26, said her daughter, Christy Lynn, 7, and her husband slept peacefully as she watched what she described as "the most horrible looking thing" she had ever seen.

Her stepson, John, a fourth grade student at Milford Elementary School in Cleveland, was spending the weekend visiting his aunt and uncle's home in the next bedroom, also at the time.

Suspended to be awake when the "saucer" made its early morning appearance.

Since his small bedroom window faced the back of the house, he explained, he could not see the object until he stepped outside. It was well after midnight, he said.

(Continued on Page 2, Column 1)


- page 44 -

Monday Eve.

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

I have written up your story for this weeks paper, and if I do not find that you have sent for a subscription will send you a clipping. I forgot to ask you if there was any noise involved and take for granted there wasn't, but I should have asked! Most ships make no noise but now and then they do, so it is quite important.

Also I'm wondering whether the Air Force or anyone will get to you and suggest you do not give out your story. This happens, and I'll surely appreciate it if you will keep me informed. I do wish we had time for a few hours talk. I would be glad to share the material I have found out, but I find that generally no one believes you anyway, so it's almost useless.

Am almost tempted to drive up to see you as yours is one of the best sightings. Do let me hear from you on any points you have forgotten to mention, no matter how slight. Sometimes they have more importance than you think.

Sincerely,
[signature redacted]

COPY


- page 45 -

DOCUMENT RECEIPT

REGISTRY OR CONTROL NUMBER: 1500-1
DATE DISPATCHED: 10 Oct 58

TO: ATIC ASD
ATTN: Major Friend

FROM: Carter O. Cooper, Major, USAF

Description of Document(s):
- Map, Lorain County Ohio
- 2 Ea. Newspaper Clippings (1 Article)
- Letter from [redacted]
- Letter from [redacted]
- Letter from [redacted]

TOTAL NUMBER OF ENTRIES LISTED:

RECEIPT FOR DOCUMENT(S) DESCRIBED ABOVE IS ACKNOWLEDGED
DATE RECEIVED: 16 Oct 58

RECEIVING AGENCY: AFOIN 464

AF FORM 310
(REPLACES AF FORM 683 WHICH MAY BE USED AND
DO FORM 644 WHICH IS OBSOLETE IN THE USAF)


- page 46 -

UFO Reports, Cleveland Area

SAFIS-3 Major Tacker                                     10 Oct 58
AFCIN-4TA                                                1
                                                         414/fm3 Friend/co/69-216/Blue 028

1. This Center checked with Flight Test Center, WADC, concerning test flights around Cleveland area. The AAI Contract was informed that flight tests were conducted in restricted area R-169, east of Dayton, and none in the Cleveland area.

2. Balloons are released from all over the United States, some small, some very large. The large balloons will travel thousands of miles from launching sites before coming down. Some of these launchings are unscheduled, and are so numerous as to preclude checking with all the airports that might release balloons.

3. A thorough check of the ATIC files failed to reveal any reports of unidentified flying objects in the Cleveland area on the last half of August 1950.

4 Incls:
1. Ltr fr House of ...nep
2. Cy 1st Ind
3. Cy 1st
4. Cy 1st

H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4E


- page 47 -

UNCL/SSIFIED

4. Investigation revealed that a railroad track ran near the home of Mrs. The night of Mrs. was sighting a train passed the house at approximately the same hour of the reported sighting. The train had a rotating headlight which under some conditions would produce unusual effects. Contact was also made with Chief Bosum Nate William Schott of the Lorain Coast Guard Station. Chief Schott reported that he was using his spotlight in an attempt to attract the attention of another ship, and that the light was directed toward shore in the general direction of Mrs. The time and date of this incident coincide with those reported by Mrs. of Lorain, Ohio. A witness listed in Mrs. report couldn't recall anything unusual on the night of the reported sighting. Mr. of Lorain, Ohio, was not available for interview. The weather at the time of the incident was a misty rain with haze and smoke.

5. Mrs. impressed the Air Force investigators as being nervous, emotional and impressionable. At times during the interview the witness was on the brink of tears and gave other indications of a highly emotional state.

6. Mrs. admitted that the letter and report which she sent to the Air Technical Intelligence Center was prepared by Mr. of the ATIC. The opinion of the Air Force investigators, and shared by the ATIC, is that this individual had considerable influence upon both the report and subsequent actions of the witness.

7. Investigation further disclosed that Mrs. received letters from other self-appointed UFO experts concerning her experience. These letters are all written in a tone of encouragement to Mrs. and all directed toward discrediting the U. S. Government and particularly the U. S. Air Force. Thereof, copies of these letters are inclosures to this correspondence.

8. The conclusions of the Air Force investigators is that the combination of moving lights, noise of the train, prevailing weather and the emotional condition of the witness accounts for the illusion experienced by Mrs. The Air Technical Intelligence Center, after evaluation of the evidence in this case, concurs with the conclusions of the investigators.

9. Mrs. original letter and report to the Air Technical Intelligence Center is also an inclosure to this correspondence. This letter requires an answer directly to Mrs.

[Signed document at bottom with signature of H. K. GILBERT, Colonel, USAF]


- page 48 -

SIGHTING: One of the best sightings to come to our attention in a long time is one from Sheffield Lake, Ohio, that occurred on Sept. 21st. According to the local newspapers, Mrs. _____ watched a flying saucer at very close range for more than five minutes early that morning, after a brilliant light from the UFO had roused her from her bed.

She watched the object as it glided along slowly about a foot above her neighbor's driveway. It was soon to discharge a cloud of "heavy pink-gray purplish smoke" and it then swept in a curve over to Mrs. _____'s front lawn, and rose to about seven feet above the ground. Thereupon it made the circular maneuvers, and shot straight up into the sky, out of sight. Mrs. _____ her husband and daughter, although in the same room, did not see the object, but her daughter next door did see the UFO -- and the next day his story tallied with hers.

The saucer was described as round from a top or bottom view and oval from a side view, with a rounded cap or top. It was about eight feet in diameter and three feet high, and had openings on both sides, in which were small exhaust pipes. 

Fortunately for saucer fans, this sighting was given a thorough first-hand investigation by an Ohio saucer group called the UFO Research Committee of Akron, who was prepared a third page report on all aspects of the incident. Unfortunately, space limitations prevent us from reproducing this report even in summary form, but it is an extremely well-done report, and we heartily recommend it to all our readers. In addition to containing many details of the sighting, that the newspapers did not carry, the report shows the sincerity of the downright unfairness of the Air Force's investigation of the incident.

The Air Force, once up with an "explanation" of the sighting that simply does not conform to the facts, and if this is typical of their investigation procedures, it is easy to see how they are now able to solve over 96% of all sightings.


- page 49 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 10g—The world of flying saucers
gated. She enclosed a three-page summary prepared by members
of the UFO Research Committee of Akron, and added, "I assure
you that I will contact my congressman about this matter if some
action is not taken soon to explain it."

The alleged UFO had appeared at about 9 a.m. in the yard of
the one-story, two-bedroom house occupied by Mrs. Fitzgerald and
her husband. She had been sitting up alone watching television
and had gone to bed at the end of the late movie. The bedroom
window was shut and the window curtains were closed. Outside,
the night was dark; the moon had set, there were no street lights,
and none of the neighboring houses was lighted. Lying with her
arm over her eyes, trying to get to sleep, she suddenly realized that
the room was illuminated and stood up to look out of
the window.

According to her account, a disk-shaped object with a hump in
the middle, a dull aluminum in color, was moving across the yard
at a height of about five feet. The object did not glow and did not
have lights on it; she could not determine the source of the light
that made it visible to her. About twenty to twenty-two feet in
diameter and about six feet high, the UFO moved north across the
driveway into a neighbor's yard, losing altitude on the way until
it was only one foot above the ground. At a distance of fifty feet, it
stopped and floated motionless for several seconds while pink-gray
smoke billowed out from two openings in the rim and illuminated
the UFO. Each opening contained seven pipes. The smoke did not
come from the pipes but from the openings from which the pipes
projected. The object then moved back into the witness' yard,
rising to a height of five feet. No longer emitting smoke, it made
two quick clockwise turns with a radius of about three feet, and
rose straight up. The roof of the house, jutting out over the window,
cut it from further view. During the entire time of the sighting,
about thirty-six seconds, she had heard a muffled noise like that of
a jet engine warming up. She had tried several times to waken
her husband, by kicking him, but without success. When the object
had gone, she went back to bed and slept.

When she awoke at 11:00 the next morning and mentioned her
experience to the family, she learned that ten-year-old John Fitz-
gerald, sleeping in the second bedroom, had also seen a strange
light. He had apparently wakened during the night to go to the
bathroom and had returned to bed, when he saw a bright light
shining into his room and heard an unusual noise. Climbing up on
the radiator to look out of his window, he saw something the color
of a tin cup moving across the yard. After watching for a few sec-
onds until the light had gone, he went to bed and to sleep.

Puzzled by the incident, Mrs. Fitzgerald telephoned the local
newspaper, the Lorain Journal, and the story appeared in several
Ohio newspapers. Members of the Akron Committee, one of whom
lived in the nearby town of Lorain, soon arrived to question her
and prepare the summary of her experience; other witnesses in
Lorain were reported to have seen the same UFO.

Even at first glance, the situation presented several unusual
features. The witness had delayed more than a week before notify-
ing Air Force investigators, yet she threatened to notify her con-
gressman unless some action were taken soon. She had not waited
for action, however, but by the same mail had written to her con-
gressman requesting him to obtain an explanation from the Air


- page 50 -

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 102—The world of flying saucers gated. She enclosed a three-page summary prepared by members of the UFO Research Committee of Akron, and added, "I assure you that I will contact my congressman about this matter if some action is not taken soon to explain it."

The alleged UFO had appeared at about 3 A.M. in the yard of the one-story, two-bedroom house occupied by Mrs. Fitzgerald and her husband. She had been sitting up alone watching television and had gone to bed at the end of the late movie. The bedroom window was shut and the window curtains were closed. Outside, the night was dark; the moon had set, there were no street lights, and none of the neighboring houses was lighted. Lying with her arm over her eyes, trying to get to sleep, she suddenly realized that the room was illuminated and stood up on the bed to look out of the window.

According to her account, a disk-shaped object with a hump in the middle, a dull aluminum in color, was moving across the yard at a height of about five feet. The object did not glow and did not have lights on it; she could not determine the source of the light that made it visible to her. About twenty to twenty-two feet in diameter and about six feet high, the UFO moved north across the driveway into a neighbor's yard, losing altitude on the way until it was only one foot above the ground. At a distance of several feet, it stopped and floated motionless for several seconds while pink-gray smoke billowed out from two openings in the rim and illuminated the UFO. Each opening contained seven pipes. The smoke did not come from the pipes but from the openings from which the pipes projected. The object then moved back into the witness's yard, rising to a height of five feet. No longer emitting smoke, it made two quick clockwise turns with a radius of about three feet, and rose straight up. The roof of the house, jutting out over the window, cut it from further view. During the entire time of the sighting, about thirty-six seconds, she had heard a muffled noise like that of a jet engine warming up. She had tried several times to waken her husband, by kicking him, but without success. When the object and she went back to bed and slept.

When she awoke at 11:00 the next morning and mentioned her experience to the family, she learned that ten-year-old John Fitzgerald, sleeping in the second bedroom, had also seen a strange light. He had apparently wakened during the night to go to the bathroom and had returned to bed, when he saw a bright light shining into his room and heard an unusual noise. Climbing up on the radiator to look out of his window, he saw something the color of a tin cup moving across the yard. After watching for a few seconds until the light had gone, he went to bed and to sleep.

Puzzled by the incident, Mrs. Fitzgerald telephoned the local newspaper, the Lorain Journal, and the story appeared in several Ohio newspapers. Members of the Akron Committee, one of whom lived in the nearby town of Lorain, soon arrived to question her and prepare the summary of her experience; other witnesses in


- page 51 -

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 104-THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
(a) Other factors. (a) Between midnight at 4 A.M. a Coast Guard
cutter equipped with an eight-inch spotlight had been plying back
and forth on Lake Erie searching for an overdue cabin cruiser. At
about 3 A.M. the cutter had been headed east toward Lorain, reaching there at 3:15, had then continued east beyond Sheffield to Avon,
before turning back to the Lorain lifeboat station and berthing at
4 A.M. (b) At 2:52 A.M. a train had left the Lorain railroad station,
roughly three miles from the Fitzgerald house. Eight minutes later
it would have been passing south of the house at a distance of about
100 yards. The engine was using a rotating headlight.

From these facts it was possible to reconstruct the probable
sequence of events that produced the UFO: In the hour or so before
the sighting, the witness had been sitting up alone watching the late
movie on TV. The film that night was a horror movie, Dracula's
Daughter. About 3 A.M., soon after the witness had gone to bed,
the Coast Guard cutter on Lake Erie was traveling east toward
Lorain, was very near the harbor and was flashing its spotlight
toward shore. The light had briefly illuminated the two bedrooms
of the Fitzgerald house and had roused Mrs. Fitzgerald. At that
distance, between three and four miles, the beam would have
spread and would have been dispersed still more by the drops of
rain falling. By the time Mrs. Fitzgerald reached the window and
pulled back the curtains, the searchlight was gone. At the same
time, however, the train that left Lorain at 2:52 was passing south
of the house, using its rotating headlight and producing a roaring
noise made more piercing by the moist atmosphere. Looking
through the wet glass of the window, the witness saw the beam
of the train's headlight moving through the haze in the yard. Smoke
from the nearby foundry was also being blown into the yard. Illuminated by the circular beam of light, the smoke seemed to be a
glowing, solid object that moved back and forth and emitted clouds
of gray-pink smoke.

In summary, the Air Force concluded that Mrs. Fitzgerald's UFO
was an illusion produced by a combination of factors: an excited
frame of mind induced by Dracula's Daughter, the spotlight on
the Coast Guard cutter, the rotating headlight of the train and the
noise of its engine, the smoke from the nearby steel plant, and the
haze of the drizzly night.

This analysis provoked an explosion from the witness, who wrote
her congressman: "I was outraged when I read the Air Force conclusion to my sighting. The person who made it must be insane."

"The Fitzgerald Report"

The UFO Research Committee compiled and on December 1
published a thirteen-page pamphlet (later reissued in amplified
form and copyrighted) entitled: "The Fitzgerald Report, A Complete and Detailed Account of the Sighting of an Unidentified
Flying Object, Sheffield Lake, Ohio, September 21, 1958." This document charged "duplicity" in the Air Force treatment of UFO reports in general, and asserted that the Fitzgerald investigation in


- page 52 -

4. Other factors. (a) Between midnight at 4 A.M. a Coast Guard cutter equipped with an eight-inch spotlight had been plying back and forth on Lake Erie searching for an overdue cabin cruiser. At about 3 a.m. the cutter had been headed east toward Lorain, reaching there at 3:15; had then continued east beyond Sheffield to Avon, before turning back to the Lorain lifeboat station and berthing at 4 A.M. (b) At 3:52 a.m. a train had left the Lorain railroad station, roughly three miles from the Fitzgerald house. Eight minutes later it would have been passing south of the house at a distance of about 100 yards. The engine was using a rotating headlight.

From these facts it was possible to reconstruct the probable sequence of events that produced the UFO: In the hour or so before the sighting, the witness had been sitting up alone watching the late movie on TV. The film that night was a horror movie, Dracula's Daughter. About 3 A.M., soon after the witness had gone to bed, the Coast Guard cutter on Lake Erie was travelling east toward Lorain, was very near the harbor and was flashing its spotlight toward shore. The light had briefly illuminated the two bedrooms of the Fitzgerald house and had roused Mrs. Fitzgerald. At that distance, between three and four miles, the beam would have spread and would have been dispersed still more by the drops of rain falling. By the time Mrs. Fitzgerald reached the window and pulled back the curtains, the searchlight was gone. At the same time, however, the train that left Lorain at 3:52 was passing south of the house, using its rotating headlight and producing a roaring noise made more piercing by the moist atmosphere. Looking through the wet glass of the window, the witness saw the beam of the train's headlight moving through the haze in the yard. Smoke from the nearby foundry was also being blown into the yard. It illuminated by the circular beam of light, the smoke seemed to be a glowing, solid object that moved back and forth and emitted clouds of gray-pink smoke.

In summary, the Air Force concluded that Mrs. Fitzgerald's UFO was an illusion produced by a combination of factors: an excited frame of mind induced by Dracula's Daughter, the spotlight on the Coast Guard cutter, the rotating headlight of the train and the noise of its engine, the smoke from the nearby steel plant, and the haze of the drizzly night.

"The Fitzgerald Report"

The UFO Research Committee compiled and on December 1 published a thirteen-page pamphlet (later reissued in amplified form and copyrighted) entitled: "The Fitzgerald Report, A Complete and Detailed Account of the Sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object, Sheffield Lake, Ohio, September 21, 1958." This document charged "duplicity" in the Air Force treatment of UFO reports in general, and asserted that the Fitzgerald investigation in particular had been "criminally mishandled" and was a "disgrace to the U. S. Air Force and an insult to the American public." It further suggested that Sergeants A and B be "disciplined" because their investigation was not adequate or thorough, and that they had had "little or no intention of making an honest investigation."

Copies of the pamphlet were mailed to eminent scientists throughout the country, members of the United States House of Representatives, and others.


- page 53 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Galley 105-THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
the night, picking up objects in all directions. It is hard to estimate
how many times spotlights were snapped on and off during subject
search, but they were used quite often during short periods of
time."]

Charge 4. The statement that the supposed confirmatory witness,
Mrs. S, could not recall anything unusual for the night of the sight-
ing was a "lie," as evidenced by her signed statement. [Incorrect.
When the investigators visited Mrs. S, she asserted that she had
nothing to contribute. At about 2:30 A.M. (half an hour earlier than
the Fitzgerald sighting) she had indeed noticed a bright-red glow
that had started her at first until she realized that it probably came
from the nearby Ohio Edison plant or from the foundry. The signed
statement printed by the Akron Committee in the December 1958
edition of the document bears no date. The notarized statement
used in the 1959 edition is dated March 25, six months after the
sighting had occurred. After the Air Force interview, apparently,
Mrs. S had changed her mind for reasons unknown.

Charge 5. The statement that another confirmatory witness, Mr.
G, was not available for interview was "pathetic" because it was
Mrs. G, not Mr. G, who saw the UFO [The point of this accusation
is not clear. Because of a typographical error in a letter, "Mrs."
was changed to "Mr." The fact remains that the supposed witness,
Mrs. G, was not available. Also, the light she reported had appeared
about 2 A.M., an hour before the Fitzgerald sighting.]

Charge 6a. It was not true that a misty rain with haze and mist
had occurred at the time of the sighting; the witness herself stated
that it was not raining. [Incorrect. The Cleveland Weather Bureau
recorded continual slight precipitation between midnight and 7
A.M.; 20 inches were recorded between 2 and 4 A.M. When asked
whether it was raining when she saw the UFO, the witness replied,
"It had rained a few hours before," a vague response suggesting
that she had not noticed the weather at the time of the sighting. Other
parts of her account, however, strongly indicate rain. Although the
night was warm (about 65 degrees F. at 3 A.M.), her bedroom window was closed.]

Charge 6b. It was not true that smoke from the steel plant southwest of the house could have been a factor in the sighting, because
the direction of the wind was wrong. [Incorrect. The Weather
Bureau recorded "WSW and SW" winds that night averaging ten
miles an hour; coming from the southwest, the winds would have
blown the smoke northeast, directly toward the house.]

Charge 7a. The sergeants did not make a house-to-house check
among the neighbors to obtain confirmatory evidence. [Correct.
Such a time-consuming procedure would not have been justified.
The neighbors had had two weeks in which to report a visiting
spaceship. No such report had been made, even by the neighbor
in whose yard the noisy object was supposed to have hovered
while emitting puffs of smoke.]

Charge 7b. They did not ask Mrs. Fitzgerald to make a drawing
of the UFO. [Correct. Before their visit she had already made such
a drawing, prepared with the help of members of the Akron Committee who had shown her a sketch of an alleged spaceship reproduced several years earlier in an Air Force pamphlet [13]. With
this sketch before her to aid her memory, Mrs. Fitzgerald had described her UFO to a draftsman provided by the committee. Unsurprisingly, the resulting sketch was very similar to the picture
used as an example. A drawing obtained in this way could have no
value as evidence.]

Charge 7c. The sergeants failed to ask enough questions about...


- page 54 -

The document made a number of specific accusations. Because of the wide publicity given this attack, we shall discuss each point fully, to illustrate the procedures followed by many civilian saucer groups. Our comments, appended in brackets, are based on official records of the Air Force, the New York Central Railway, the United States Weather Bureau, and the United States Coast Guard. Most of these facts were available to the Akron Committee itself.

Charge 1. Because of the position of the Fitzgerald house, the headlight of the train could not have shone into the bedroom window. Correct. But the point is irrelevant. The Air Force did not suggest that the train's light shone into the window. The light could have shone into the yard, however, and would have been visible to a witness looking out of the window. The brilliant light that flashed in the window and roused the witness did not come from the train but from the spotlight of the Coast Guard cutter.

Charge 2. Events taking place on the lake could not have had any relation to the sighting because the shore was 3000 feet away and, because of intervening houses and trees, a witness in the Fitzgerald house could not see the lake. [Incorrect conclusion from the facts. The beam of a spotlight on a boat moving one or two miles offshore (as was the Coast Guard cutter at about 3 a.m.) could have been seen from the house. The beam of such a light can be visible for great distances. Reflected from the clouds and spread by the drops of moisture in the air, it could easily have flashed into the window with great brilliance.]

Charge 3a. The spotlight used by the Coast Guard cutter was of a type that could not be focused like a searchlight; therefore the beam could not have been reflected from the clouds to the Fitzgerald house. [Incorrect. The spotlight used could operate as either a diffuse or a narrow beam. A narrow beam could be focused like a searchlight, and could have been reflected from the clouds to the house.]

Charge 3b. The Coast Guard cutter had used spotlight and turned the beam in the direction of the house only once that night, while signaling another boat at a time two hours earlier than the sighting and a place roughly five miles from the house.

[The December 1, 1958 edition of the document gives the distance as 4½ miles; the 1959 edition gives 5½ miles. Whatever the true distance, the statement is incorrect. A signaling incident did occur at the time and about the place specified, but it had no relation to the Fitzgerald sighting. The light was used frequently in the hours between midnight and 4 a.m., as the cutter carried out search for the missing cabin cruiser. In a statement obtained by the Akron Committee itself, the chief boatswain's mate affirmed that the subject spotlight was flashed on and off a number of times during.


- page 55 -

[Location], Ohio
September 29, 1958

Aerial Phenomena Group
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

This is to inform you of a UFO sighting I had on September 21, 1958. I would appreciate it very much if you would send an investigator, or someone to explain this happening to me. It was a terribly frightening experience.

I assure you that I will contact my congressman about this matter if some action is not taken soon to explain it.

No private citizen should be placed in the path of government devices, if that is what it was. If it was a space craft, steps must be taken to warn the public.

The summary included here was prepared by a private ufo investigator who interviewed me and the other people who reported strange objects that morning.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
Mrs. [Name blacked out]


- page 56 -

Here is the text from the document:

include questions that allowed Mrs. Fitzgerald to express all her ideas of what she had seen. [Correct. The questions are designed to elicit observed [physical facts; it does not ask for the witness's interpretations.]

Charge 76. They did not take notes during the interview. [Correct. In filling out the report form they obtained all the necessary information. They had been trained not to take additional notes because some witnesses become nervous when they see the their remarks are being written down.]

Basic charge 7. These "omissions" in procedure proved that the sergeants had little intention of making an honest investigation. [Incorrect. They omitted no query that might have yielded useful evidence. Their duty was to report and try to account for the phenomenon observed by Mrs. Fitzgerald, not to record her belief in a hypothetical spaceship. The details of structure and motion that Mr. C was eager to insert in the record were mere impressions based on the assumption that the UFO was a solid object under intelligent control.]

The document repeatedly charged that the investigators asked too few questions, and implied that they asked only five of Mrs. Fitzgerald—yet she answered all the many questions in the standard report form. Furthermore, Mr. C had no way of knowing just how many and what questions were asked, during all the latter part of the interview he was outside the house, trying to interrogate Sergeant A.

There is little more to say of the irresponsible attack based on the Fitzgerald case. The purpose was obvious. In a letter to one scientist who received a copy of the Fitzgerald Report, a member of the Akron Committee bluntly stated that although "the sighting was really unimportant," the report had been prepared and distributed in order to prove that the Air Force investigation was "not fair, honest, or scientific."[14]

Perhaps the best comment on this notorious affair and on the activities of civilian saucer-investigation groups in general is that of Dr. Thornton Page, the eminent astronomer who in 1952 served on the scientific panel to evaluate UFO reports (see Chapter vii). After receiving a copy of the Fitzgerald Report, he wrote to a member of the Akron Committee:

"As a scientist I am interested in unexplained phenomena, but the one or ones responsible for Mrs. Fitzgerald's sighting is or are undoubtedly highly complex. It is just as false to simply that she saw a flying saucer as it is to say that she saw nothing, or that she simply saw the train headlight on a mist. Certainly, I would not expect a pair of Air Force investigators to be able to explain her sighting (and the others) satisfactorily from interviews two weeks after the event. It would be ridiculous


- page 57 -

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 16-THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
to propose that a team of experts in the fields of physics, psychology,
meteorology, engineering and railroading be sent to Sheffield Lake,
Ohio, to study these sightings from all possible angles.

"I have already written to you and to others that your fundamental error is in oversimplifying your explanations of complex natural
phenomena by assuming a common cause without justification. If
you say that everything you cannot understand is caused by gremlins, then gremlins are everywhere! And the Air Force would
need a much larger budget to investigate every sighting or hearing
or feeling of a gremlin!

"... The onus is not on the Air Force or me to prove that no
flying saucer was present that night; the onus is on you and your
UFO Research Committee to prove that there is no other explanation of what was seen and heard."


- page 58 -

UFO at Sheffield Lake, Ohio

One of the most notorious accusations of Air Force skuldaggery, made in attempts to procure a Congressional inquiry, was that embodied in a saucerian study of the Fitzgerald sighting, [11], published by the UFO Research Committee of Akron, Ohio, which maintains a close relationship with NICAP. Although the case was unimportant and was completely explained, we shall discuss it in detail to illustrate the peculiar views and methods of the flying-saucer lobbyists.

In summary, a strange light observed on a dark night for roughly half a minute by a drowsy housewife was converted into a weapon to attack the Air Force. The incident inspired thousands of words of argument, caused the publication and distribution of a lengthy document, used the time of busy investigators, required an otherwise unnecessary expenditure of public funds, and evoked an exchange of letters among angry citizens, harassed Air Force officials. In all UFO history, no larger equally harassed Air Force officials.

On September 30, 1958, the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base received a letter from Mrs. William Fitzgerald of Sheffield Lake, Ohio, reporting that on September


- page 59 -

UFO Sighting
Mrs.
Sheffield Lake, Ohio
Morning of September 21, 1958, app. 3 a.m.

Mrs. had gone to bed after watching the late movie on television. This was about 3 am. She was in bed with her eyes closed, when the room was illuminated by a very strong light, causing her to open her eyes. The witness was astonished, because the window curtains were drawn, and the room was "brighter than in the daytime." She then rose, and standing on the bed, pulled back the curtains and looked out the window. (see fig. 1)

Looking through the window, the witness saw a round object (see fig. 2) about 20 feet in diameter and ten feet from the house. The object was travelling slowly in a northerly direction across the front yard, and losing altitude. At the time o it first sighted the object was about 6 feet off the ground. It proceeded until reaching a point about 50 feet from the witness, in the lot next door (see fig. 3) Here the object stopped for several seconds. It then moved south into the front yard to a point about 25 feet from the witness. The object made two tight clockwise turns, then shot straight up and out of sight.

Close questioning about the motion of the object brought out the following. During its move from a position in front of the window to the position in the lot 50 feet north of the window, the object was descending with a motion "like a feather dropping." The witness explained that this was a slight side to side oscillation. When it returned half way into the front yard, it made two tight turns. The witness thinks that


- page 60 -

During the turning maneuver the object did not tip at all. It remained flat during the turns. Then the object flew out of sight, going straight up.

The witness was so frightened by this experience that she could not call out to her husband, who was sleeping in the bed. She did try to rouse him by kicking with her left foot, but was unable to do so. During this time she did not take her eyes off the object.

At this same time [name redacted] years old, got out of bed to go to the bathroom. He also was attracted by the bright light. Stepping on a heat register to get the necessary height to see out of the window in his room, he watched the object perform the same motions described by his mother. However, neither party notified the other that he had seen the object. Both went to sleep.

The next morning [name redacted] told his father about the sighting, to which his father replied "It was just a bad dream." Several hours later Mrs. [name redacted] joined her husband and son for breakfast. It was then that she began telling her husband about the object she saw. Mr. [name redacted] cautioned his son to keep quiet, and heard his wife repeat the story [name redacted] had told. The reports coincided in every point, even though neither witness knew of the other when the sighting took place. Thus the object was seen simultaneously and independently by two persons.

Both witnesses reported a noise like an hum and a whirr combined. "Like a jet engine warming up," said Mrs. [name redacted] simulated the noise by whistling and humming.


- page 61 -

The object seemed to be "aluminum color." There were no lights on in nearby houses, and there are no street lights in this neighborhood. The sky was cloudy. The source of the original bright light was not definitely established, but was assumed to be due to the object. During the entire period of observation the object was visible because of the light given off by two clouds of glowing gas which the object gave off. This gas emanated from two sets of tubes or "machine guns" in the rim. The gas did not seem to be propelling the object. The witness says that the light was sufficient to light up the surrounding ground, but threw no shadows (from telephone pole, etc.) were present. The smoke was a gray-pink color.

The object seemed to be solid, as nothing in the background could be seen through it. It was seen against a stationary and familiar background. The witness was looking down on it during the time it was stationary, so her estimates of size and location must be reasonably accurate.

The bright light which alarmed Mrs. [redacted] was seen by four other people in the neighborhood. One woman heard the whirring noise. No one else saw the object.

The same night, at 2:30 am, Mrs. [redacted] of [redacted] Lorain, was startled by a bright light which made the room she was sleeping in like "it was 6 am instead of 2 am." She thought that the sun had risen. The light mystified her, so she went to the window to try to discover its course. Looking up in the N/W sky, she saw a red object


- page 62 -

