The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a standardized form used to document UFO sightings.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

1. DATE
6-23-1952

2. LOCATION
Lake Erie
Put-in-Bay, OHIO

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT: 6/1/1952

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
6. Ground-Visual

4. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
stationary

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 minute

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Round, white light, appeared to fade out & reappear. The obj was observed severe times in the course of several weeks.

11. COMMENTS
The obj was seen in the same place at different times by several people. The planet Mars was found to be in position given. Ground fog could account for intermittent fading of obj.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

Here is the output of the text found in the document:

Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. In a boat
f. Other

Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country? 
g. Other

What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
The person we were going to a party in the middle Rock Port then I happened to look up saw something like an egg shape moving straight for a while then went into a vertical climb and Disappeared.

IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest 

28.2 How fast were you moving? 10 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? First time was 30 seconds Second time was 20 .

What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
The object appeared to be 70 degrees above the horizon when it first appeared and descended at a sharp angle of about 60 degrees from the horizontal.

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North degrees.
b. From horizon 70 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North degrees.
b. From horizon 60 degrees.

- page 2 -

The image contains three sketches, but no photographs. The first sketch shows a curved line with a point marked "A" and a curved line marked "B" to demonstrate how high an object was above the horizon (skyline) when it was first seen and last seen. The larger sketch below shows a landscape with a person standing on a road, and a smaller sketch in the bottom right corner shows a similar landscape but with a curved horizon line.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/4 miles feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED], Put-In-Bay, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
What is your present job? Commercial Fisherman, 33916
Age 51 Sex Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school 9th
b. High school Lagear
c. College
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: May 19th, 1958

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a typed report containing handwritten text.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 24 NOV 1958

The object was sighted about light as night. We left Put in Bay about 9:30 P.M. on the Middle Bass return from a dance. There were about 13 or 14 persons in our party and all saw the object. It looked something like an airplane,but brighter than any plane we had ever seen, and was stationary in the sky. At first it was as bright as a star, but soon blotted out all the stars in the immediate area. It faded a little and then got very bright again. It changed colors - red, green, blue - and went through these changes several times. After a while it just seemed to fade away into the sky. Our watch elapsed was approximately 20 minutes. We were all quite excited about this and continued to watch it as long as it was visible. Ohio Highway Patrol investigated this incident about 3 weeks before Oct. 31st.

- page 5 -

This page does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet that was used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people had observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as shown, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day /14/   Month /3/   Year /58/

2. Time of day:
6   Hour   15  Minutes 
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern   b. Central   c. Mountain   d. Pacific   e. Other _____

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Put - Bay, Ohio
Nearest Postal Address:                  City or Town  Put-Bay   State or Country Ohio

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.
1  Hours  5 Minutes  0 Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   b. Dull daylight   c. Bright twilight   d. Just a trace of daylight   e. No trace of daylight   f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   b. In back of you   c. To your right   d. To your left   e. Overhead   f. Don't remember

- page 6 -

There is no photograph or image visible in this document. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a survey form with questions about the observer's experience with a particular UFO sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? (Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several blocks away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't Know, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes/No/Don't Know, etc.

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes/No/Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes/No/Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?, b. Transparent?, c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Yes/No) a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass, e. Binoculars, f. Telescope, g. Theodolite, h. Other.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form, likely filled out by a witness who observed an unidentified flying object.

Text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - *23 - unusual
b. Color - Light blue are ey around extremely brilliant bright 

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
It seemed solid and seemed to get very bright and high in the sky and gone very quic

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle One: a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
Other - virtually around

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with various questions and prompts for the witness to fill out.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension, feet.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Faded out without motion
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine what you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would it be, and what shape would it be, and what size would it be, and what shape would it be? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

When I first saw it, it came on very brightly, then faded out and disappeared without any motion. It seemed very still and did not move from the spot. Bright and shiny, it disappeared entirely.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely containing a report or questionnaire about a UFO sighting.

OBJECT REPORT

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea 
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I/went to my motel to change clothes when I noticed this object' - I would say it was probably anywhere from 2,000 to 3,000 feet in the air, appeared to be round or oval shaped, and was moving in a straight line from east to west at an extremely fast speed.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 15 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North 375 degrees. b. From horizon ___ degrees. 
31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North 375 degrees. b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 10 -

The image on this page of the Project Blue Book report contains two sketches. The larger sketch on the top shows an object in the sky above a landscape, with a curved line indicating the object's trajectory. The smaller sketches on the bottom show a person's view of the object from different angles, labeled "A" and "B".

OCR text output:
32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline). Then, place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object got later on. Now, sketch in quickly how the object looked to you.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report.

Oct. 31, 1958.

Dear Sir:

This morning at about 15 minutes to 7 my father and at least ten other men saw a large light about the size of a basketball held at some length over the lake about due north of Middle Bass, Ohio. It remained about the brightness of an electric light bulb or a gasoline lantern. It appeared and disappeared twice, each time growing dim until it no longer could be seen, and reappearing in the same manner. All the men got the light appeared to be motionless.

These sightings are all consistent. The men were in their separate boats, two laying about a mile apart and the third about two and one half miles southwest of the other two.

After the light faded away no object could be seen where the light had been.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document says:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
  Day   Month   Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
J. Bob of Put-in-Bay, Ohio

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Seen object over Lake Erie on several occasions

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It was a ball of light which seemed slightly larger than the moon. It did not behave in any thing like an aircraft. I have no idea what it could be.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? __ 1/2 mile __ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] 
TELEPHONE NO.: [redacted]
What is your present job? Fisherman
Age: 31 Sex: Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school: 8
b. High school: 2
c. College: 
d. Post graduate:
Other special training: [redacted]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 17 Nov 1958

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet containing handwritten text.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaires, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED]
DATE: 17 Mar 1958

The text describes an observation that lasted about 3-5 minutes of a bright light which flew at a high speed and then stopped momentarily, as if hovering or pausing, before continuing on. The observer states that they immediately informed the other following it, and that they observed the light until it disappeared from view.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report, likely from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

So what with seems home and I took my officer an who were your what matter that evening was trying on to handle it appears to be flying saucer and was always Re-ported to lake Erie on May 31 in the morning woodnear to Middle Bun Road on a cloud day it was appeared to near from the Lake and was large and oblong in shapes it was tilting to the left and right and ascending and descending higher and low again and again as I said before it was on May 31 in the morning around 10:15 a.m. and it was clear day and no windy at all and I am sure that what I saw was really a flying saucer and I am not mistaken about it because I never I ever saw anything like that before so I believe it was one so I think I should give this report and I am ready to Cooperate in any way with the officials if they want to Investigate this matter further

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten text document.

Here is the text from the document:

"Mr. Commanding Officer:

This is to state that, on two occasions, I witnessed a strange object in the sky over my property near Put-In-Bay, Ohio. My cousin, who was with me on these occasions, also witnessed the same object.

The first time was on Sunday afternoon, September 21, 1958. My cousin and I were sitting on the back porch of my home when we noticed a strange object in the sky. It appeared to be about the size of an automobile and was moving silently at a high rate of speed. It was a bright silvery color and reflected the sunlight. It changed direction several times and made a sharp turn at one point which seemed impossible for a conventional aircraft to make.

The second time was on Sunday afternoon, October 5, 1958. My cousin and I were again sitting on the back porch when we noticed the same strange object. It appeared and behaved in the same manner as the first sighting.

As I stated, I have no information that would identify the object. It is definitely not a conventional aircraft of any kind that I am familiar with. I would be glad to discuss this further with you or provide any additional information that may be helpful.

He is also going to fill out an information card and mail it for your people."

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

The text in the document is as follows:

"Light had been a visibility was good against a clear blue sky. I talked with one of the men who took the light on the same date and he told me they saw the same light as I did. My father told me he saw it 3 weeks ago. There were other times the light behaved in the same manner.

All of these men average about 20 to 25 years of experience on the lakes and are quite familiar with airplanes sightings. They said that it definitely wasn't an airplane or anything else they have ever seen. It seems to me that we ought to watch this area carefully in case you are still interested in these things. It might be worth your while to check on it or at least somebody else.

Yours truly,
[Signature]"

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an envelope or document with a handwritten address and postmark indicating it was sent from "Put-In-Bay, Ohio" to the "Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio" on November 1, 1958.

Text from the document:
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely a response letter regarding an unidentified object sighting.

AFCIN-EiS/
SUBJECT: 6-2176/NAE 833
6-21678ÿag 533
Typed: 4 Nov 58

AFCIN-EIS

Put In Bay, Ohio

Dear Mr. ******,

We are in receipt of your letter dated 21 October 1958, in which you report an unidentified object sighted by your father, and others.

The information which you have submitted is very limited in nature, and insufficient upon which to base a firm conclusion.

Therefore, it would be appreciated if you would have your father and one man from each of the other boats fill in the attached questionnaires in as much detail as possible. Upon completion, please return the forms to this Center in the enclosed envelopes.

Your interest in this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,

3 Incls
ATIC Form No. 264
w/ encloses

H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified flying object sightings.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? March 5, 1957
2. Time of day: Hour 8:30 Minutes 45 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Over the waters of Lake Erie, Put-In-Bay, Ohio
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. Minutes 5 Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing a questionnaire or form related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) (a) A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

The text at the bottom appears to be a handwritten addition to the form, but it is not legible enough for me to transcribe accurately.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with various questions and fields for the observer to fill out.

Text extracted from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound 
b. Color White, round, clear, and metallic in appearance

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially without trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 23 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. It seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing questions and responses about a UFO sighting.

As an optical character recognition (OCR) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin  
b. Pea
c. Nickel
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? It passed out of sight

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

All I seem to be able to come in as a bright light when passed many there in a few seconds, it rested briefly again.

- page 24 -

