The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a project record card from Project 10073. The card provides details about a sighting that occurred on 2 Jul 58 between Springfield and Enon, Ohio. The sighting involved a rnd, yellow-white object that was flat and rounded at both ends, fuzzy outline, and moved from 235 degree azimuth to 265 degree azimuth according to the observer. The conclusion was that it was a slow meteor.

Text from the project record card:

1. DATE: 2 Jul 58
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0345
6. SOURCE: Civilian
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Rnd, yellow-white obj. Flat & rounded at both ends, fuzzy outline. Moved fm 235 degr azimuth to 265 degr azimuth. Much too fast for a/c according to observer. First impression was satellite or meteor.
11. CONCLUSIONS: Slow meteor.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as accurately as you can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 1 July 1958
2. Time of day: 9:15 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address: West Jefferson, Ohio City or Town: West Jefferson State or Country: Ohio
Additional remarks: Driving home from work, Enon, Ohio
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 6 seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form about a sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight — pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? (Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several blocks away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't Know, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes/No/Don't Know...

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes/No/Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes/No/Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One for each) a. Eyeglasses Yes/No, b. Sun glasses Yes/No, c. Windshield Yes/No, d. Window glass Yes/No, e. Binoculars Yes/No, f. Telescope Yes/No, g. Theodolite Yes/No, h. Other

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: _Very_
b. Color: _Yellow _white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you may such as wings, fins, and especially outline trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing of an ellipsoidal shape with both ends pointed, flat at bottom and hazy/blurry edges]
Ellipsoidal both ends flat and pointed, hazy blurry edges

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred 
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
[No drawing provided]

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this document. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object or objects.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand? (Circle One:) a. Head of a pin, b. Pea, c. Silver dollar, d. Basketball, e. Dime, f. Nickel, g. Grapefruit, h. Half dollar
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22: a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a possible object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the one you saw.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand? (Circle One:) a. Head of a pin, b. Pea, c. Silver dollar, d. Basketball, e. Dime, f. Nickel, g. Grapefruit, h. Half dollar
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22: a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a possible object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the one you saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
c. Inside a building
e. In a car
d. In an airplane
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country-side?
d. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Driving south on the highway. I noticed this object which appeared to be some distance above the road.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? 50 miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
b. Northeast

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
b. Northeast

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North 235 degrees. b. From horizon 21 degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North 285 degrees. b. From horizon 20 degrees.

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document with various questions and checkboxes related to weather conditions, sighting details, and the observer's opinion on the observed object.

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Scattered clouds, c. Partly cloudy, d. Thick or heavy clouds, e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind, b. Slight breeze, c. Strong wind, d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold, b. Cool, c. Warm, d. Hot, e. Don't remember
35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? July 15, 1958
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: Mrs Evelyn Dayton, 332 Warren St, Dayton 32, Ohio
37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? Yes
38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? First sighting, possible manmade straight trajectory, guided projectile or straight racing object of artificial lights, straight trajectory.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? More than 4 times faster than a jet plane or meteor m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ___________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Dayton 32, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? Asst Director Technical Gear Div (GADCR)
Age 41 Sex M.
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school Yes
b. High school Graduate 
c. College Graduate
d. Post graduate Other special training Aviation

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 July 1958

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a handwritten diagram or sketch of a purported UFO sighting. It includes details such as compass directions, measurements, and observations about the movement and direction of the unidentified object. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Text from the image:
Material physical, - Plotted from data given by - witnessed and - recorded 8/5/58
Route 235 - 1/2 mi. W of Enon - Ohio. 
Observers 3 - between SPRINGFIELD and ENON — 
OBJECT was therefore moving from SE to NW — and towards 235 Runway which was laid out that time.

- page 9 -

