PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
8 October 1958

2. LOCATION
Xenia, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual     ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
two

9. COURSE
E to W

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Two ringpoints of light, brighter than star w/blue cast, flashing together.

11. COMMENTS
Flight Test had two a/c out testing anti-collision lights. One or both of these a/c is probably what was sighted.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon

☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft

☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical

☐ Other:
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☒ Unknown


- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may refer to past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 6 Oct 58

Observer reported two extremely bright lights first observed in the pin point sources of light first observed in the east at an elevation angle of 30°. They moved together, blinking simultaneously, across the sky at about the same altitude and disappeared. New sources of light were in the west. Sources of light were in the horizon in the west. Sources of light were not less than 30 nor more than 60 seconds. Visible for not less than 1930. Report of observation was received by SDO at 2300.


- page 2 -

500 Comment:
A close was made of the facilities listed
in the Sop to determine if there was a logical
explanation for the reported phenomena. Due to the
hours of day (2300) and the length of time from the
Sighting & receipt of the report no information
was obtainable.

H. C. Dinger
Capt USAF
500

Conclusions:
Felt test, W ADC, had two AIC out
testing anti-collision lights. one took off
at 1830 & another at 1900. & both
observer probably saw these two, or one of
them, flying around. these lights are very
bright.

O.T.L.E.S
(AIC Light)


- page 3 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: Oct     Month: 10     Year: 1958

2. Time of day: 19     30     (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: [Redacted]
City or Town: Xenia     State or Country: Ohio

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours:     Minutes:     Seconds:

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight
             d. Just a trace of daylight
             e. No trace of daylight
             f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right
             d. To your left
             e. Overhead
             f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (15 OCT 50)


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
               b. Several blocks away?
               c. A block away?
               d. Several yards away?
               e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

(Circle One)
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other

(Circle One)
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound heard

b. Color: Bluest bit & lite light

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of two star-like objects with an arrow indicating movement direction]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred: NO edges   b. Like a bright star   c. Sharply outlined   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

See 17


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any change in direction during the course.

moved from east to west, no change in altitude.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

no estimate - point source

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length:
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Peg
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

Rays extended
out somewhat
above this

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other:

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? west over longer

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Obscured. Certain that the object appeared as point source of light that would extremely bright.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Near a building
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over country?
g. Other ____________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Driving from Yellow Springs & home. Noticed light while driving. Slowed car and got out to look.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            e. South
b. Northeast        f. Southwest
c. East             g. West
d. Southeast        h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 30 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North            e. South
b. Northeast        f. Southwest
c. East             g. West
d. Southeast        h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North            e. South
b. Northeast        f. Southwest
c. East             g. West
d. Southeast        h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 90° E. degrees.
b. From horizon 30° degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 270° degrees.
b. From horizon 0° degrees.


- page 8 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
25     10     50
Day     Month    Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and address:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
This is 1st reported. Once saw one 10 June 57
on a clear day. Observed flight it was
probably miles

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
No idea


- page 10 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? possibly 100 or higher m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Yellow Springs, O.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? Engineer West gate Lab, Yellow Springs
Age 38   Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school ✓
b. High school ✓
c. College ✓
d. Post graduate one Yr.
e. Technical school [blank]
f. Other special training No

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6   Oct   58
                                         Day  Month  Year

Page 8


- page 11 -

