The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and observations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 13-3-58
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 13/2330Z
5. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 Min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Two cigar shaped objs, bright orange w/reddish glow one following the other. Objs faded out as they came back.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Balloon, Probable Balloon, Was Aircraft Contrails, Possibly Aircraft, Astronomical, Possibly Astronomical, Insufficient Data for Evaluation, Unknown

DESCRIPTION OF OBJS: Indicates that the objects were cigar-shaped, bright orange with a reddish glow, and one was following the other. The objects faded out as they came back.
COMMENTS: Describes that the indications are that the objects were possibly a balloon or aircraft, but there is insufficient data for a conclusive evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: UFOB
REFERENCES: NONE
On the evening of 16 January 1958, Mr. and Mrs. Columbus, Georgia, sighted and reported a UFOB over the Columbus-Ft Benning, Georgia, area. Information concerning this incident was given to Captain Robert McPherson, Georgia. Information was forwarded by Lt Guard Army-Air Force personnel, Fort Benning, Georgia, to the 4602nd Air Intelligence Squadron, Langley Air Force Base, Virginia. 
APPROVED:
V. J. RYAN, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Operations

- page 2 -

This page does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, describing observations of "cigar shaped and oblong" flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Hq 35th Air Div (Defense) IR-02-58 PAGE 1 OF 3 PAGES

1. Description of Objects:
a. Shape: "Cigar shaped and oblong" flying objects.
b. Size: "Hard to say", perhaps comparable to size of a C-97.
c. Color: Bright orange-white radiance.
d. Number: two (2)

2. Course of Objects:
a. Initial observed location: Seventeen hours after the sighting, the observing individual could not add to the sighting information.
b. Sound: None reported. 
c. Other: Objects looked "like sunlight on a small cloud" as the sun went down.

3. Course of Objects:
a. Seventeen hours after the sighting, the observer stated that he merely watched the objects and did not specifically report any special attention.
b. Initial angle of elevation: 10 degrees.
c. Final angle of elevation and azimuth: Not reported.
d. Flight path and maneuvers: North to south, with no maneuvers reported.
e. Manner of disappearance: Faded out rather abruptly.
f. Duration of sighting: Five (5) minutes.
g. Manner of Observation:
a. Ground-visual: None.
b. Optical Aids: None.
c. Data re observation while airborne: N/A

- page 3 -

The image contains a filled-out "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" form. There is no photograph present in this image.

OCR Text:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
PROJECT NO. IR-82-58

1. Time of Sighting: 
a. Hour and date: 16/2330Z January 1958.

2. Identification of Observer:
a. Location of Observers: Sighting was effected while arriving and parked at the side of the road near the intersection of Port-Henning and Columbus, Georgia, a distance of some 15 miles from Fort-Benning.

3. Identifying Information on Observer:
a. Civilian: 
Name: (and wife) from whom she dismounted.
Age: planning to do stightly her husband.
Mailing Address: Columbus, Georgia.

b. Military: Sgt.,____ Fort Benning, Georgia, Army Infantry Human Research Unit.

7. Weather and Winds-Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:
a. Not furnished.

8. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: Negative.

9. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None.

10. Location of Any Air Traffic in the Area at Time of Sighting: See Item 11.

11. Remarks, Title of Person Making Report, and Comments: The Air Force Investigation and Scientific Division of ATIC, USAF, LAAG, stated that an individual should not have waited two months before reporting this sighting, since the sighting was described as "very bright" and was estimated to have been in sight for "approximately 1900 hours on 16 January 1958." However, this sighting has just now been reported to Cactus, completed 17 January 1958. SPERA was contacted for Cactus, completed 17 January 1958. SPERA was contacted for completeness.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an "Air Intelligence Information Report" document.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO. 12-58
PAGE 3 OF 3 PAGES

TO: Commanding General, 14 3533 Air Div. (Defense)
FROM: Commanding General, 14 Air Div.
SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Phenomena
INCIDENT: This happened as he was certain that the phenomenon was under discussion; that the Air Force had collected reports on the same phenomenon and that he could not see how the descriptive data that he volunteered would differ from the data previously gathered. He stated that he would describe the sighting as described to him if requested to do so. The sighting occurred on 17 January 1958, in the Columbus, Fort Benning, Ga. area. The object was first observed at approximately 1900 hours and disappeared from sight at 2000 hours. The hovering object appeared and reappeared, moved rapidly from one point to another, and was described as illuminated, changing colors and seemingly giving off sparks. It was learned through the sighter's remarks that the phenomenon had sustained the interest of several people in the Columbus, Fort Benning, Ga. area and that this was about the third or fourth sighting of the same or similar phenomenon within the past few weeks.

Physical Evidence: None.

COMMENTS OF INVESTIGATING OFFICER:
Description of objects and circumstances indicates that they probably were some form of formation of the U. S. Air Force or some other U. S. Government agency aircraft, or some atmospheric phenomenon like ball lighting, etc., illuminated and producing unusual effects which could have caused the sighting. This type of phenomenon has been reported before and caused curiosity and speculation about their possible origin and nature.

(C. E. HOLT)
Captain, USAF
Director of Intelligence

- page 5 -

