PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
23 Jan 58

2. LOCATION
Ft. Worth, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1015
GMT 21/0115Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual     ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
less than a min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
North

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Very bright star-like obj, moving in a northeasterly direction, appeared to slow up & either disappeared or merged w/a star.

11. COMMENTS
Probably a jet a/c of the F-100 series at high alt.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☒ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 26 SEP 59)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

SUSPENSE
DR LYNDE                                                Wright Patterson AFB
                                                        21 February, 1958

Dear Dr. Lynde:

Please forgive this hurried letter. I was well not permit me to have to type as it is now close to the end of the world day, and I must take it to the main P.O. & Dayton to send Special Delivery - Air Mail. I sincerely hope I get it to you in time. You likely stated a few days ago that you were on a matter-of-fact way and would be at the Observatory for only 2 days.

Attached is a UFO report from a lawyer. As you can see, if it was not on an office TWX or non-decisive intelligence report 116 - it would be a priority "2" report. It is not a good report. You will find your audience have seen thousands like this. I'm sending it to you because of two reasons:

1) For some strange reason - he is sending a report of his strange sighting to everyone, but has blacked out, imagine - to the U.S.S.R., as though he was really discovering a new angle, and -

2) The same old trouble - some of our people - "why should a man of his position tell all that trouble - he has letter is intelligently written - makes sense - must be something to it, etc. etc.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Close to the end of the work day, and I want
tell the main P.O. Dept. to send
Special Delivery Air Mail. I sincerely hope
to get to you in time. You likely stated a
few days ago that you would in a return-write
today the would be at Observatory for only
2 days.

Attached is a UFO report from a lawyer.
As you can see, it was received on an office
TWX from intelligence officer - it would
be a priority "Z" report. It is not good report. You
can see from enclosed has seen people like them many
times all going.

1) For example, he is sending a report
his age to anyone, but he rather
was discovering space, and

2) the so-called problem... some our people of why
should many light years set up that knowledge -
light is intelligently guided - makes more sense
it entering to us, etc. etc.

Why indeed!

We are only made some to these people.
(and many are wonderful, competent people through
engineering scientists, old investigators in both etc. &
at the Pentagon) see further, a have got
in our meetings we have had with professional
psychologists in 1956, on studying Dr. Little famous


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

report to your report mailed to the Hq. containing
of the U.S. in Sept 1953, including "that" special
survey made of government people.

Wiley indeed - should have Waldenger, also February,
Mr. [illegible] and a whole lot of apparently logical
and reasonable - perhaps - suddenly start
interviewing the President of the U.S., the Pentagon,
their sometime anyway Vice see a strange
sight at an of my lot.

One last access after comes in psychology - and
I don't know whether amusing. Maybe the answer was given
by Dr. [illegible] and his thesis stuff - on 4 of 1956
of the moment. And, we can't, took our people
that are the best of us - get craggy little points
and have within our view.

As you announced to the newspapers
mostly before (and after the Russian Sputnik)
want up: when some evidence you can see the
satellite with the naked eye - but don't try to
identify if that way - on some endeavoring between
the eye is the greatest criminal in the tricks
lying "category". Just how is the follow - with
the naked eye!

The checked are not TJC reader by
June: - only safe traffic. SOC: nothing memorable.
no UFO sights. Checked my & Miller Observatory
as you so basically set up for me in these
lines. - although, perhaps some contacts was swaying
that even nothing would though appreciate of you read


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

take a subject of act you Missourian 1 have
within 30° of with side of the pick given
by well as the supplemental statements though the
West who had their instruments in the area. it would
take me weeks to get genuine. if much less
scenic reply. as mentioned to the 25th Armorer
of America - you can get done that immediately.

Please send me a worker and attached
to your for your professional survey, under
contract NO. PES (4.4.4.4) 25-5771).

My enclosing of this simple UFO
report! A high altitude F-100 series
aircraft that was in the area. Upon current (satellite) project - (this article in the Popular Mechanics
with N.Y. Herald ?)-has proved that the jet-flow
of these safe operating at 40,000 to 45,000 feet at
night are similar in the satellites - and therefore, is
used to train your Newcomb, Texas.

There is nothing more embarrassing than to
make a first statement such as I have wanted to
a subordinate attached in those thing - and find yours
way 76. it would reflect a busy professional
competence. Nonetheless, I would appreciate
seeing what you and others who study the
report come up with. Very much.

Please forgive this invisible hand of
unintelligible hieroglyphics. Please, if possible,
try to have this back before the 3rd.

Mach. 16/6                    Capt. Pingroff


- page 5 -

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
ASTROPHYSICAL OBSERVATORY

March 5, 1958

Capt. George T. Gregory
Air Technical Intelligence Center
P. O. Box 9703
Wright-Patterson AF Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain:

Lois has kindly typed out my illegible scrawls and also the material marked "Wilma". Case 1, Levelland, Texas.

Case 2 - I am still working on. This is the case I called you up about on Sunday feeling is that it was a plane.

Case 3 - Goldberg - I have queried him by letter asking for a fuller examination.

Case 4 - Huntsville, Alabama - This was clearly a meteor but I know McAfee who reported this, and I will be in Huntsville myself next month and will make further inquiry then. However, it is quite safe to classify this as a meteor.

I hope this has been some help to you and I hope to see you in the not too distant future.

Cordially,
J. Allen Hynek

JAH:lc
Enc.


- page 6 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

NEVER USE FOR APPROVALS, DISAPPROVALS, CONCURRENCES OR SIMILAR ACTIONS

Remarks:
1. Put in an urgent call to Hydeis Office. Pointed at that Philips even and Sp dell - Air mail (with request for ret. some copy) n 21 Feb 5 Rpt. Expect reply by 28 Feb. 5 hrs 3 Phs 54 - sign -

2. Sgt Shultz 8th out at last Wednesday Morn. Send - A.T.C. back to Hunch G.

3. All I can do is to send his monthly and findings (which reports) that he planned in. The original report by Philips is not yet in. To schedule bring out something polite -

From: Long Agency       Date: 4 Feb
                       Telephone:

DD FORM 95 (Replaces DA AGO Form 125, 1 Jul 49, which may be used)
1 FEB 50


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

TELEPHONE CALL FOR CAPT. BAKER, 4 MAR.    PASS ON

There were a number of observations made that night by our Moon watchers team from different points. None of them saw an object going in the opposite direction.

Faintly Steady airplane light.

Not altogether clear, but this is the gist of I. "How sketch" report find that were will follow

[Handwritten notes and signatures, partially illegible]

Col to Dr. Hynek morning 7 March 58
re: our SF. filing - can make
letter on the Phillips case -
Dr. Hynek said we sent it
last Tuesday


- page 8 -

UFO Report from Attorney, Mr. [redacted] Fort Worth, Texas

ROUTING
Initial "IN" column to denote review prior to action. Initial "OUT" column to denote review of completed action. (√ for action; √ for coordination.)

TO: SAFIS-3, Attn: Major Tacker
DATE: 7 Mar 58

1. ATIC Comments and Conclusions:

a. Mr. [redacted] observed a strange light traveling from South to North. Contacting a number of agencies, including the U.S.S.R. Academy of Sciences, suggests strongly of an attempt to make a "big project" out of what this Center and the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory consider a "bad UFO report".

b. Object not Sputnik. Going the wrong way.

c. Experts on Moonwatch agree that under favorable conditions Sputnik can often be seen with the naked eye - however, at least a 5X instrument should be used. Reason: Amateurs and laymen often misinterpret conventional objects (aircraft, meteors, etc.) that may appear in the sky. From Mr. [redacted] letter, it appears he and his daughter were attempting to track Sputnik with the naked eye.

d. Dallas, Texas ADC Filter Center was contacted for a detailed survey of records for that night in the Ft. Worth-Dallas-Abiline sections. Their report: nothing unusual observed in the sky at that time by radar, airborne aircraft or ground observer corps units in the area.

Page 1


- page 9 -

Ltr set, Cht #1, dtd 7 Mar 58, Subj: UFO Report from attorney, Mr [illegible], Fort Worth, Texas (cont'd)

g. Director of the U.S. "Moonwatch" Teams was contacted for a check of his units. A copy of his report is attached. Significant to note that although a number of Moonwatch units were making observations on a particular day, none were observed any object heading in the direction given by Mr [illegible].

f. No reports from any U.S. astronomical observatory or any unusual occurrence or object in the area in question.

3. ATIC Conclusions: Probably a jet aircraft of the F-100 series at high altitude. Jet aircraft suddenly cutting their afterburners in (or out) do give the appearance described in the report. A member of the Gaithersburg Astronomical Observatory concurs in that the object was probably an aircraft.

2 Incls:
1. Ltr frm SAFIS, [illegible]
2. Cy "Moonwatch" Rept and Comment.

[Signed]
NICHOLAS POST
APCIN-4B

Page 2


- page 10 -

Phone Memo for UFO Case File - [redacted] Case, 23 Jan 58, Dallas, Texas

Long Distance telephone call to Dallas, Texas,

ADC - Air Filter Center made on afternoon, 10 March 1958 if anything unusual observed on screens on GOC posts in that area, between 1900 - 1930 hrs, 23 Jan 58.

Info: given by NCOIC Sgt [redacted] [Phone redacted] on basis of careful check of GOC, airborne a/c and radar in area: NEGATIVE.

Nothing seen or reported...

G. T. GREGORY
Capt, USAF
10 March 58

[Handwritten note at bottom partially illegible, appears to read: "See Chats and [something] from [something] - [something] - [something]"]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICES OF
EDWIN T. PHILLIPS, JR.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR
FORT WORTH, TEXAS

February 5, 1958
COPY

Dr. [redacted]
Medical Arts Building
Fort Worth, Texas

Dear Dr. Schested:

I realize that you and those listed below receive many reports of unusual things in the skies. However, the observation which I have described in my attached memorandum of January 24 and supplemental memorandum of February 4 was of sufficient interest to me to prepare those statements and it is possible that they may be of interest to some of you.

Like all other laymen not equipped to measure these phenomena, I am convinced that I saw the object described. I can of course only conjecture as to its true nature and perhaps I have made mistakes of understanding to indicate my conclusion, but as stating the facts.

I am utilizing copies of this letter to Dr. Schested for the information of those set out below and if any of you have any knowledge of any character as to what I saw, I will consider it a personal accommodation if you will be kind enough to let me know.

With best regards, I am,

Sincerely yours,
[signature redacted]

EPJr:
cc: Mr. [redacted]
Fort Worth, Texas

Dr. [redacted]
Trinity University
San Antonio, Texas

Unidentified Flying Objects Branch
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Incl #7


- page 12 -

SAFIS-3/Maj Tackey/jmd/14956

17 March 1958

Dear Mr [redacted]:

This is to acknowledge your letter of 6 February 1958 concerning an unidentified flying object you saw on 23 January 1958 in the Fort Worth, Texas area.

The Director of the U. S. Moonwatch Teams checked all units reference your report. None observed any object heading in the direction noted in your report. The object you described could not be one of the satellites in orbit at present. (See copy of Moonwatch Report attached.)

No reports were received from any U. S. Astronomical Observatory regarding an unusual occurrence or object in the area in question.

The Dallas, Texas ADC Filter Center reported nothing unusual observed in the sky at that time by radar, airborne aircraft or ground observer corps units in the Fort Worth-Dallas-Abilene area.

The Air Technical Intelligence Center concludes that the object was probably a jet aircraft of the F-100 series at high altitudes. Jet aircraft suddenly cutting their afterburners in (or out) would give the appearance described in the report.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKEY
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Attachment
c/s [redacted]
Building
Fort Worth 2, Texas

CONEBACK-SAFIS-3
READER-SAFIS-1
STATMCK-SAFIS-3


- page 13 -

Reported Sightings at or near Jan. 24, 1950,
04h, 15m, U.T.

C.C.Dr. Hynek
Dr. Schilling
Dr. Cunningham
Dr. White

STATION NAME | STATION | TIME OF | R.A. OR | DEC. | DIRECTION | ANG | MAG | COLOR
           | COORDINATES | OBS (U.T.) | AZIMUTH | ALT. | OF TRAVEL | VEL. |     |

DATE: JAN. 24, 1958.

t Worth, Texas | 97.3 W | 01 15 | East | 45° A | To N or NE 0°16'/8.0 or+1 | White
           | 32.7 N | 01 16 | 06 35 | +16°26'| --- point of disappearance after
                                     | travelling about 10° arc.
           | Appeared to merge with star Gamma Geminorum.

ton, Oklahoma | 94 24 12 W | 01 14 32 | 101°6 A | 34.7 A | NNW-SSE | 0°55'/s. +1.2 | Y.-Wh.
035 098     | 34 39 45 N | (last of ten observations) |

querque, N.M. | 106 38 36 W | 01 11 30 | 06 40 *** +17 *** | N-S | +1 max. | White**
035 107     | 35 05 03 N | (last of three observations) |

hita, Kansas | 97 14 14 W | 01 14 25.8 | 05 52 | +07.8 | NNW-SSE | +1 | White***
030 097     | 37 14 14 N | (last of five observations) |

bridge, Mass. | 71 07 46 W | 01 16 32 | 229° | A 12 | A | N-S | Faint
042 071     | 42 22 48 N | (last of three observations) |

lington, D.C. | 77 12 30 W | 01 15 23 | 221°6 | A 29 | A | NW-SE | 1°/s. +2 to+6 | Bl.-Wh.
039 077     | 38 45 37 N | (only observation) |

sa, Oklahoma | 95 57 W | 01 15 58 | 06 00 | -20°00' | | +3 to+7 | Y.-o. |
036 096     | 36 03 N | (last of three observations) |

lamos, N.M. | 106 19 20 W | 01 12 49 | 07 21 | +21.8 | NNW-SSE | 0°2/s.+1 to+7 | White***
036 106     | 35 52 30 N | (last of two observations) |

th Canton, Ohio | 81 27 19 W | 01 15 28 | 02 41 | -06°10' | NW-SE | 0°25/s.+1 to+7 | White***
041 061     | 40 55 55 N | (last of five observations) |

*** Items similar to first observation.


- page 14 -

Other observation fixes near Gamma Geminorum.

JAN. 23, 1958.

Cables:
By H. [redacted] 77.097 W   23 33 30   "0.6 Gamma plus 0.4 Mu Gemini"
           30.956 N

By [redacted]     77 00.6 W   23 33 35   "Passed 2° right of Gamma Geminorum,
           38 50.0 N           actual point 06 32   +16 05'                +2".

North Canton,Ohio 81 27 19 W   23 32 59   06 42   +14°30'   N-SE   +1 to +7 White
053 041 081     40 55 55 N

Cleveland, Ohio  81 49.7 W   23 32 21   06 28   +16       NW-SE   0°75/6.+1 to+8 Orange
052 042 082     40 25.5 N

Observations by other Moonwatch Stations at this time all Eastern or Central, have various R.A. and Dec., between 5 and 7 Hours and between +53 and -19.

Note: [redacted] observation is the fifth in a series of eight.


- page 15 -

MEMORANDUM

January 24, 1958
Fort Worth, Texas

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

My name is [redacted], and I am a life-long resident of the City of Fort Worth, Texas in the United States. I am 44 years of age, an attorney at law and a lay student of earth satellites. On Thursday evening, January 23, 1958, at approximately 7:05 P.M., I walked into the yard at my residence at [redacted] for the purpose of observing a scheduled passage of Sputnik II, which according to local newspapers of that date was to pass over Fort Worth in a northwest to southeast direction, commencing at precisely 7:11 P.M. My five year old daughter Beth Ann went with me, it being our custom to make those observations together when they occur in the evening. While I did not have a luminous watch, I knew our timing was approximately correct, as I had observed that electric clocks in the house were correlated with radio newscasts time at 7:00 P.M.

After several minutes of scanning the skies intensely, we were unable to locate Sputnik II and after having sent Beth Ann to the back door of my home, to verify that the time was then approximately 7:13 P.M., I realized that our observation for that evening had probably failed. Another minute or two of intense search of the skies convinced me that we had missed the passage, even though the heavens were clear with all stars shining brightly. In this morning's Fort Worth Star-Telegram it was reported that [redacted] local newmatch team had made the observation on schedule at 7:11 P.M., stating that Sputnik II was seen "just above" the western horizon. From our point of view in the yard, our vision of the low western horizon was somewhat obscured and I have concluded that we missed the earth satellite for this reason, and for the additional reason that I was also observing the heavens generally, due to some


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

uncertainty in my mind about the angle at which Sputnik II would enter our visual horizon and about recent variations in time of passage which I did not fully understand.

At this point, which I approximate in my best judgment as about 7:15 P.M., I was in our driveway looking due eastward over my garage and laughing with "Tinker Bell" (as I call her) about the fact that she usually has been the first to make the evening sightings of Sputnik. I heard Beth Ann cry "There it is!" and saw that she was pointing upward in the same general direction of my observation. I saw "it" at once and without thinking, I laughed with her again at my failure to make the first sighting. At this split second, there was no doubt in my mind but that I was witnessing Sputnik. A very bright star-like object appeared in the skies at about a 45 degree angle from the horizon, being closer to Mars than Venus in magnitude but absolutely distinct and observable. In the excitement of the next few seconds I did not reason that the object could not be Sputnik because of location in the heavens, course of time of passage. I have observed Sputniks I and II on several occasions, both in the early mornings and early evenings, and this object appeared to me to be the same as those I had observed in previous Sputnik sightings. It was round, bright as neighboring stars, of their same color and intensity and did not fit the description of any other object, being obviously (or so it seemed to me) at a great distance in the heavens. It did not emit any other color than the pale white or blue-white of most stars, nor did it have any strange glow, unusual characteristics or other visible features. Certainly there were no blinking lights or anything to indicate other than a "moving star".

After bursting into view with the same dramatic entry which is characteristic of Sputnik sightings, this object began to move across the skies in a northerly or northeasterly direction and

- 2 -


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

somewhat on the ascendant, with the same slow, majestic sweep and regular motion of the Sputniks. It continued in its transit for only a comparatively short distance when to my astonishment it appeared to slow up and before I could comprehend what was occurring, it either disappeared or merged in my line of vision with a true star. I was dumbfounded and asked what had happened to the object. She simply shrugged her shoulders and guessed that it had "gone away". I even shook my head at this point to clear my vision and tried to locate the object again but all I could see now was the star near which this object had vanished so abruptly. I observed this star in its fixed position for several minutes thereafter, fixing it from a definite point on the ground so that I could observe it between the two cross-arms of the telephone pole which is on the east boundary of my property, all in order that I could identify the star later. While I am tempted to say that this beautiful observation exceeded a minute in time, I realize that it was probably less. I will guess that the arc of transit was about 10 degrees. There had been no "fade-away" and the object's light was consistent at all times, its disappearance as dramatic as its entry.

As I wondered about this later in the evening, I started once or twice to charge it off to an optical illusion, particularly because of the "sicing up" of the object. After considered reflection, I could not do so in entirety for two reasons. First, I have some experience at Sputnik sightings (six or seven of them) and I am convinced that I saw an object which appeared to me almost identical to Sputnik or Sputnik rocket, which definitely moved in a normal trajectory before unaccountably slowing, pausing and disappearing. Secondly, the fact that my daughter sighted the object first and called it to my attention leads me to discount the possibility of complete optical illusion. Strictly as an amateur observer of the heavens, not being possessed of any professional skill, I do not

- 3 -


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

believe this object could have been a meteorite. I have observed
the usual meteorites and "falling stars" and in my experience they
move quickly through the heavens, ordinarily leaving a trail of
disintegration before disappearing abruptly. I do not believe this
object was any usual type of manned commercial or military aircraft,
due to the color, shape and non-blinking of its light. While I have
observed some aircraft with a fixed white light, the suddenness
with which this object came into view while I was observing that
part of the skies, the regularity of its brilliance, the lack of
"fade-away" end the nature of its disappearance lead me to discount
the possibility of aircraft. I have rejected the possibility of
a weather balloon for similar reasons. The object did not remotely
resemble the so-called unidentified flying objects I have seen in
news journals and on TV, with portholes, strange colors, erratic
motions, after-glow and the like. Conceivably, the object may
have been some weather phenomenon of which I am unaware, but if so
it was a "traveling" phenomenon. I can account for the "slowing,
pausing and merging with the nearby star" only as an optical illusion
based on the proximity of the two objects.

On Page 4 of this morning's Star-Telegram I observed an
article datelined San Antonio, Texas, reporting that [redacted],
a Texas state highway patrolman driving 9 miles east of Hondo, Texas,
had made an observation Thursday night of a flying object which
"merged into a nearby star". The remainder of his description is
consistent with my sighting and although I do not know, I feel
confident his sighting was at approximately 7:15 P.M. also. The
article also indicated that an unidentified Sanders deputy sheriff
had reported the same experience. I believe the sightings were
the same over 300 miles apart, therefore negating the possibility of
weather balloons or optical illusions.

- 4 -


- page 19 -

This incident is of sufficient interest to me, and conceivably to others, that I am making this memorandum this morning and after identifying the star into which the object "merged", it is my intention to complete the memorandum and forward it to Dr. [redacted], [redacted] and [redacted] locally, to Dr. [redacted] to the Unidentified Flying Objects Branch of the United States Air Force and to the Committee on Meteorites, Academy of Sciences, U.S.S.R. in Moscow.

From the viewpoint of reflection, it is my opinion now that this object was moving in space, outside of our terrestrial atmosphere, regardless of whether it was a portion of one of the Sputniks or something else. I have wondered if it might not have been a portion of Sputnik II, perhaps the nose cone, which passed out of the sunlight area behind my fixed star into the zone of darkness where I could no longer observe it, but I realize the difference in orbit and course from its parent which this hypothesis involves. I am also bearing in mind the possibility of significance of a January 22 San Antonio news announcement reported in the Fort Worth Star-Telegram. According to this dispatch, Dr. [redacted], head of the Trinity University moon-watch team in San Antonio, sighted a "relatively very bright" object about 6:30 P.M. Tuesday evening January 21, traveling in the "opposite direction of Sputnik II". The course given however was northeast to southwest, while the passage I observed was from south to north. I have not noticed any further announcement from Dr. [redacted] nor has there been any public announcement of launching of an American satellite.

I am willing to execute an affidavit as to my evidence in this matter.

Fort Worth 2, Texas, U.S.A.
- 5 -


- page 20 -

SUPPLEMENTAL MEMORANDUM
February 4, 1958
Fort Worth, Texas

Due to the intervention of weather conditions which limited visibility and the press of other matters, I was unable to identify the star referred to on Page 3 of my original memorandum dated January 24, 1958 until Monday evening, February 3. Thanks to the assistance of Mr. [redacted] who could not make a visual observation with me due to weather conditions but who named the star from my description of its location in the constellation Gemini, I have now identified the star as being [redacted], which I believe to be about second degree of magnitude. This star lies between [redacted] and [redacted], and the three stars constituting the belt of "The Hunter" in the constellation Orion. If I project a line from the bottom of these three stars in Orion, as I look eastward into the skies, northward to the star Castor, which I understand is Alpha Geminorum, this line will intersect the Gemini star which I fixed at a point roughly midway, somewhat closer to Castor than the girdle in Orion but closer to pink Betelgeuse than Castor.


- page 21 -

Jan. 23, 1958.

Report from Denver Moonwatch Team, per Mr. [redacted]

During an observing session last night, the Team witnessed the passing overhead of a "flock of lights" travelling at about the same speed as the satellites would but in a direction opposite to that expected of Beta of Deva at this time, namely, SSE to NNW. Time Jan.23, 22h, 01m. UT. Not easy to tell how many as they were seen through breaks in clouds. Were still passing over at time of phoning. No special information that would identify them.

[There are some handwritten notes at the bottom of the document that are partially obscured/illegible]


- page 22 -

