PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
7 July 1958

2. LOCATION
Uruguay

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1430, 2030

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No Yes

6. SOURCE
CIOVI

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
not reported

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Multiple reports from Uruguay of two objects with particular emphasis on the w030 sighting. Principal witness is one Barrios.

11. COMMENTS
Self luminous object. Reports from wide area and comparison to rpt of U.S. evaluated as Meteor indicates that this was also a meteor sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical Meteor
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

Country: Uruguay
Subject: REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
Source: Uruguayan Air Force
Preparing Officer: Lt Colonel J. Craig Teller

Set 1/1, Card 1/8

UNCLASSIFIED
MC #: 26706-08
AF #: 1205695
Rpt #: IR-71-58
Agency: OAIRA, Montevideo, Uruguay
D.R.: 29 October 1958
D.I.: 7 July 1958
Eval: F-6
Ref: BAIR Reference Unknown

Attached is a report of the C.I.O.V.I. (Center for Investigating Unidentified Flying Objects) concerning a case which occurred 7 July 1958.

This report was given to this office by the Chief of Intelligence, Uruguayan Air Force. It was indicated that this is the first of several reports on unidentified flying objects which were being investigated by the C.I.O.V.I. and being prepared for impartial investigation of flying phenomena. The UAF is the only recipient of its other than furnishing them to the United States Air Forces.

Set 1/1, Card 2/8

COMMENT: All reports of unidentified flying objects over Uruguay in the past first incident, however, which has been considered to be worthy of investigation.

Entire English Translation of Enclosure #1

REPORT OF THE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE OF THE C.I.O.V.I. (INVESTIGATING CENTER OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS) ON THE CASE WHICH OCCURRED 7 JULY 1958.

This investigating committee, after holding five special meetings to consider this case, where all the members were present and after having made all the proper technical investigations finds it necessary to make the following remarks:

CONSIDERATIONS:
1) That the phenomenon which occurred on the stated date was observed in a vast zone of the Republic which extends from the Department of Rocha to the Department of Soriano. The observers indicated some changes in position with respect to this object.

2) That the observers agree that it was a spheric object (except the observation by and which at its path illuminating vast extensions.

3) That there are differences in descriptions concerning size and color of the object.


- page 2 -

Set 1/1, Card 3/8                                   Uruguay                                   MC # 26706-08
                                                              Rpt # IR-71-58

4) That in spite of that, the light that it gave was a bluish white, it did not produce shades and it illuminated the objects at distances of more than 60 Kilometers, making all the objects of the same color.

5) That one person who lives in Pan de Azucar reported that the population of the zone could hear on the afternoon of the 7th a sound similar to an explosion. They had commented on this fact, not giving it importance.

6) That to our suggestion to the time in which this sound was heard, this person agreed that it was around 1430.

7) That at 1133 on the same day the crew of an AIR FRANCE plane reported to the authorities of Carrasco Airport stating that they had observed a strange luminosity over the zone (a phenomenon that took place again at 2030 according to a report made by the crew and passengers of an IBERIA airlines plane).

8) The people who were in the moment at the airport could hear a strange sound and saw the luminosity.

9) That persons who were on the observation terrace reported that they had heard at 1430 a noise similar to that described by the resident from Pan de Azucar, having certain physical effects of which it is stated on the corresponding report.

10) That Mr. [name redacted] and family observed at 2030 on the road to Minas, Kilometer 76, an object of different characteristics than those described above (as it is stated on the corresponding report), having certain physical effects of which [text cuts off]

Set 1/1, Card 4/8                                   Uruguay                                   MC # 26706-08
                                                      Rpt # IR-71-58

there are antecedents in other parts of the world.

11) That by all this which has been exposed, this case has very special characteristics which make it difficult to understand in all its complex phenomenon, although there are antecedents with respect to certain aspects that this object presents which are considered isolated.

This investigative committee has arrived at the following conclusions:

1) That the object seen in various localities of the Departments of Rocha, Lavalleja, Maldonado, Canelones, Montevideo, San Jose and Soriano is the same (except for the observation by Mr. [name redacted] and family).

2) That this object performed maneuvers which reveal that it was directed by an intelligence.

3) That the C.I.O.V.I. stated publicly by the press (without being disproved) that it was not a natural phenomenon such as a meteorite or a thunderbolt, which were the explanations given to the case.

4) That the difference in the appreciation of the size of the object is due to the distance of the observers with respect to the same.

5) That the object changed color (which, according to one of the most widespread theories, would be the product of the method used for its propulsion, electromagnetism).


- page 3 -

Set 1/1, Card 5/8                    Uruguay                    MG # 26706-08
                                               Rpt # IR-71-58

6) That the luminosity which this object emitted no other antecedents in our own country but which is phenomenon difficult to explain due to its peculiar characteristics.

7) That taking into consideration its luminosity and the sound which it sometimes produces, this could be the same one which appeared on the afternoon of the same day.

8) That the sound as well as something similar to sparks or bubbles which were emitted on certain paths would be phenomenous produced by a special type of propulsion which has not been treated by man up to this date.

9) That everything which has been exposed has the characteristics of an unidentified flying object, therefore it is difficult to determine the type of the unidentified flying object although it is similar to the "FOO-FIGHTERS" observed by the pilots in the second world war.

NOTE: The pilots of both sides reported, after returning from fighter and bomber missions, that strange balls of different sizes and colors would accompany them almost continuously including when they dived. The explanation given by high military authorities was that it concerned a secret weapon of the opposite side. But after the war this was contradicted and such phenomena continued.

Set 1/1, Card 6/8                    Uruguay                    MG # 26706-08
                                      Rpt # IR-71-58

10) That the observation of Mr. [redacted] and Family is a different case within the same day.

11) That evidently that which occurred to these persons happened at the same time as the passage over the Republic of the unidentified flying object which had been discussed.

12) That the object seen by Mr. [redacted] must have been fulfilling some specific mission within a field of action more reduced than that of the other unidentified flying object.

13) That for the same reason and for the topographical characteristics of the place in which the facts occurred with an stated in the observation files, it is completely justified that no one else but Mr. [redacted] and family have been able to observe.

14) That there are antecedents in different parts of the world, especially in the United States and in Brazil, with respect to the electrical phenomena verified principally in vehicles, which is produced by the type of unidentified flying object which is characterized by the observers (Mr. [redacted] and family) confirms such statements.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Set 1/1, Card 7/8                  Uruguay                  MG # 26706-08
                                                            Rpt # IR-71-58

15) That this was the cause for the annulment of the electrical system in
    car.
NOTE: This is a strong statement to indicate that there were two objects
since only in this case such an electrical disturbance happened. This did
not happen with the passage of the "FOO-FIGHTERS" even if it was flying at a very
low altitude.

16) That the physical effects that Mr. [redacted] experienced could have a
    radioactive origin.

17) That this object was also controlled by an intelligence since it made a
    maneuver.

18) That the blue extension which was emitted from the center of the object
    which later exploded producing a ripping sound has antecedents concerning color
    and the explosive characteristics.

19) That the luminosity in this case could not only be due directly to the
    "disc" but to the specific object previously referred to in this study and which made
    its passage by that locality (Mr. [redacted] observation) at the same time.

20) That by Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] report, the "disc" was nevertheless auto-
    luminous.

Set 1/1, Card 8/8                  Uruguay                  MG # 26706-08
                                                            Rpt # IR-71-58

21) That due to all the exposed characteristics this was an unidentified
    flying object type Flying saucer whose diameter is calculated approximately at
    20 or 30 meters.
NOTE: This investigating committee does not consider this case finished
with this study since if there are any other alternatives they would be added
a new reconsideration of the same would take place.

15 Inclosures:
1. Report of the C.I.O.V.I. w/English Translation   9. Statement of
2. Statement of                                    10. Statement of
3. Statement of                                    11. Statement of
4. Statement of                                    12. Statement of
5. Statement of                                    13. Statement of
6. Statement of                                    14. Statement of
7. Statement of                                    15. Statement of
8. Statement of

[LBX-3 Annotation: Inclosures Received]

February 18, 1959


- page 5 -

