Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
14 Jun 58

2. LOCATION
Pueblo, Colorado

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1046 MST

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual
☐ Theodolite
☐ Air-Visual

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
   ☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
SW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj entered field of theodolite cir-
cular in shape w/an apparently flat
ring around the obj & a rounded dome
in the middle. Obj was white or silvery
white. Obj was higher than cirrus clouds
at 30,000ft.

11. COMMENTS
Placed in category unidentified

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other/UNIDENTIFIED
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
At about 1 rod.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length? (Circle One)
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

(Circle One)
g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Faded from view at high altitude

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your words a common object or objects which when piled up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Specifically metal painted white.
About 25 ft. 7 in. across.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other Bella, Colorado

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other at my place

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Typing right close to a window
Bright sunlight glint of the sun

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East             e. South
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest
                                        g. West
                                        h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? [No value entered]

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East             e. South
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest
                                        g. West
                                        h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East             e. South
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest
                                        g. West
                                        h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation). 

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North     67     degrees to the east
b. From horizon        2-4-2 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North     12-2-8 degrees to the northwest
b. From horizon        8-1   degrees.


- page 3 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 4 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
    a. Clear sky
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds (4g, 3cr)
    d. Thick or heavy clouds
    e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
    a. No wind
    b. Slight breeze
    c. Strong wind
    d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
    Dry (Rel. humidity 22%)
    a. Fog, mist, or light rain
    b. Moderate or heavy rain
    c. Snow
    d. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
    a. Cold
    b. Cool
    c. Warm
    d. Hot
    e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
    17 June 1958 Month

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
    (Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
    (Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
    (Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
    It was a p. vi. sic. artificial object, and not a phenomenon (Willing to believe in spite of my regular duties as a meteorologist.)


- page 5 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [partially illegible text, appears to be a speed measurement]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object went?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 6600 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Pueblo, Colo.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? Meteorologist, Weather Bureau
Age 51 Sex Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school ✓
b. High school ✓
c. College ✓
d. Post graduate
a. Technical school
b. Other special training Weather Bureau training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 24 [day] [month] [year]


- page 6 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: July 24, 1958

This unidentified object was seen while taking a Pilot Balloon Observation on the morning of June 14,1958, while I was in the observation dome watching the Weather Bureau Pilot Balloon by a theodolite. The object observed the field of the theodolite at 1046 Mountain time, at an elevation angle of 24.2° and an azimuth of 247.0°(Looking toward the East Northeast), (Weather Bureau theodolites are oriented with 0° looking toward the south. If you use azimuth bearing with 0° oriented NORTH then this would be 67°.) The object was followed across the northern sky with the theodolite, reaching a high angle of an estimated 50°(possibly higher), on into the southwest, where it disappeared in haze at an elevation angle of 8.1°, azimuth 57.2°(against with 0° oriented SOUTH) If 0° is oriented NORTH this would be 237.2°). The object was going southwest. The object was moving too fast to be any trouble, reading during its traverse across the sky, so the high angle of 50° had to be estimated. It took 5 minutes(plus or minus 1 minute). Clouds were counted by use of the buzzer used in taking balloon observation. Midtus were counted by use of the buzzer used in taking balloon observation. But the count could possibly be in error by one minute, since I could not take time to write anything down while watching the object.

When first seen the outline of the object was not too clear, but as it passed overhead at a high angle, the shape became quite clear. It was circular in shape with an apparently flat ring around the object and a rounded dome in the middle. It looked very much like a picture of Sputnik with its rings, except that I did not see any rounded part below the ring. The object appeared white or silvery white, and no metallic luster was noted. There was no rise or smoke or exhaust visible, and no vapor trails were seen. The object was higher than cirrus clouds,which were estimated at 30,000 feet. ( I have 28 years experience as a Weather Observer with the Weather Bureau in estimating cloud heights) The object passed above a few wispy cirrus clouds, and while its outline could be seen it was slightly blurred at such times.

continued next page.


- page 7 -

Upper Air winds during the day were from the southwest quadrant, opposite to the movement of this object. A shock was made with a local astronomer concerning the possibility that a satellite had been observed, but it was determined that no known satellite was moving in the direction of this object, nor could the shape of any known satellite have been noted with the relatively low power scope on a theodolite.

As I am certain that is the minimum altitude the object could have had, as indicated by this passing above corn fields, it was about 30,000 feet. If the object was more higher than 30,000 feet, as is quite possible, the size, speed, and distance away when first and last seen, would all increase. I have seen high altitude balloons through the theodolite and they did not look at all like this object. Also the speed of the object would rule out such a possibility of it being a balloon, since the minimum speed was known to be above 500 mph toward the southwest.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFMDC ROUTING SLIP

Remarks:
Gerry:
This is a toughie. I have approached it from every scientific and logical angle, after preliminary checks of a/c sched-les(both military and civil), r-dar units, tests and operations, CGO, and others all showed NEGATIVE.

Since Dr. Hynek (to whom I sent only the very complex case) is in Moscow, respectfully request that you make the last scientific check possible, possible correlation with one of the satellites.

If no resolution, this will be one that I must place in the category of "UNKNOWN"

Have provided you with copies of all pertinent material. Note that the source is a wx expert with over 20 years experience...and for once precise data were submitted, UFO was tracked with a theodolite.

Thanks...

FROM NAME OR TITLE: CAPT GREGORY
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: ATIC

DD FORM 95 (Reverse)


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Aug 58

Say:
This UFO could
not have been
any of the three
current satellites
1958 alpha, beta, or
gamma] for two
reasons: (1) Here &
from move from NE
to SW [only NW → SE
or SW → NE] (2) The
theodolite would be of
too low a power to
pick it out of them to
he observed correctly
stated J or even the
big Soviet plot.


- page 10 -

Analytic Conclusions:

This was close to a sort angle, and analysis for many send angle.

We came that he actually saw a physical, ancrite method thing. Could we have only his two photographs in reference) and we postulate that he is a reliable source, without any qualification - angle that the image was not the result (resumed) of optical flows such as we are discovering - static plate (see p. 539, Sky Telescope Jour. - Sept 1957) - then we must conclude if it is to be a valid UNKNOWN

29 Aug 58


- page 11 -

Here is the text I can see in the image:

90°
Zenith

105 1 Moon

225
SW

270
W

315
NW

180
S

135
SE

90
E

45
NE

The image appears to be a diagram of a celestial sphere or sky map, showing various angular measurements and directions around a horizon line with a stylized landscape.


- page 12 -

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
WEATHER BUREAU
Pueblo, Colorado
June 16, 1958

Report on Unidentified Flying Object
(Seen by two 14,1958)

While making the Pibal Observation on the morning of June 14,1958 at 10:50 an unidentified flying object occurred the visibility field at an elevations angle of 52.5°, azimuth 267.0°. It was followed across the southern sky with the thunderlike, reaching a high angle in the north of an estimated 80° on into the southwest where it disappeared in haze at an elevation angle of 10°. Approximate (?) time elapsed was 5 to 6 minutes. The two observers made simultaneous readings, during the traverse across the sky to the high angle of 50° and to be estimated. It took 5 minutes (plus or minus 1) to cross the sky from the time of first sighting till it disappeared. With reference to the vital barrier, but since time would not be taken to write anything here, the 5 minutes count might be in error by some.

Then first noted the outline of the object was not too clear, but as it moved at a high angle, the shape was more definite. It was sizeable in shape, with apparent size about 1/16 of the moon. It ran a bright white color. Around the object were some white or silvery white and no particular darker was noted. There were no exhaust or expanding visible. The object appeared higher than some silver clouds, which were estimated at 30,000 feet. This was known because the object passed above a few wispy clouds and while in outline could still be seen.

Upper winds during the day were from the northwest quadrant, opposite to the traverse of this object. A check was made with a local astronomer, considering the possibility that a satellite had been observed but it was different and that no known satellite was moving in the direction of this object, nor could the shape of any known satellite have been noted with the relatively low power from a theodolite.


- page 13 -

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
WEATHER BUREAU
WASHINGTON
JUN 24 1958

Lt. Col. Sauer RDSB
Headquarters ARDC
Andrews Air Force Base
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Sir:

As a matter of possible interest to you, we are enclosing a report rendered by one of our meteorologists on the sighting of an unidentified foreign object. The object was seen by Mr. [redacted] of the Weather Bureau Airport Station at Pueblo, Colo. If you desire further details, we have no objection to your addressing your inquiries directly to Mr. [redacted]

Very truly yours,

D. M. Little
Deputy Chief of Bureau

Enclosure (1)


- page 14 -

HEADQUARTERS
AIR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Andrews Air Force Base
Washington 25, D.C.

30 JUN 1958

SUBJECT: Sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object

TO:   Commander
       Air Technical Intelligence Center
       ATTN: AFCIN-1X2
       Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
       Ohio

In accordance with AFR 200-2, please find attached correspondence received from outside sources reference to sighting of unidentified flying object.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature of Lt Col J. Saur]
Lt Col J. Saur, USAF
Intelligence Division

1 Incl
1st Ind Weather Bureau
dtd 21 Jun 58 w/report


- page 15 -

AFCIN-4sg/Capt Gregory/kc
Ext 5926/BMA: 828
Typed 9 Jun 58

FILE CLASS.
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
424
OFFICE OF RECORD

14 JUL 1958

Mr.
Weather Bureau
U. S. Department of Commerce
Pueblo, Colorado

Dear

Your brief report concerning an unidentified flying object observed
morning of 14 June 1958 has been referred to this Center.

Routine checks and research disclosed that an upper-atmosphere
balloon, Flight No. 161, was tracked continuously by the facilities of the
14th and last reported in the vicinity west of Pueblo between the 14th and
15th of June. Reference is made to U. S. Plotting Chart, WG 14A
(special), Headquarters, Air Weather Service, U. S. Air Force, which is
held in available to the U. S. Weather Bureau.

This Center has countless similar sightings observed by highly
qualified persons, which, upon investigation and analysis, were found to
be the high-altitude balloon, often moving rapidly in jet streams.
However, to insure a more detailed treatment of the report, it would be
appreciated if the attached official UFO questionnaire be accomplished in
full detail as possible and returned to this Center. Certain data and
pertinent items of information are lacking from the brief report.

Your reporting of the sighting to the proper authorities, and the
interest shown in the matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,

H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

ATIC FORM 144 (REV 10 SEP 57)    ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET


- page 16 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
14 June 1957
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 12:30
           Hour    Minute
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Mountain Rd.                Pueblo, Colo.
Nearest Postal Address      City or Town       State or Country

Additional remarks: low in the sky near ground

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.
           Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
(Circle One): a. Certain ± 1 min.   c. Not very sure
             b. Fairly certain     d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight     e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright sunlight   f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (15 OCT 54)


- page 17 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other:

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

(Circle One)
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other:

Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: [partially illegible handwriting]
    b. Color: [partially illegible handwriting]

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO/flying saucer with an arrow indicating direction of movement]

[Handwritten text below the sketch is mostly illegible]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Another hand-drawn sketch with an arrow, but the details are mostly illegible]


- page 19 -

