The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The card contains various fields such as "Date-Time Group", "Location", "Type of Observation", "Number of Objects", "Course", and "Comments" related to the UFO sighting.

TEXT OUTPUT:

1. DATE 
21 August 1958

2. DATE-TIME GROUP
2200 P.M.

3. LOCATION
Kansas City, Kansas

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Radar 
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
45 SEC

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE

9. COURSE
NE to SW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
A few secs apart moving across the sky fm NE to SW. Object appeared to leave a trail as it moved and was flashing it's lights for other a/c in the area.

11. COMMENTS
A B-47 a/c was flying approximate course of the object, which may have been flashing it's lights for other a/c in the area.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a document titled "DISPOSITION FORM" that appears to be an official weather observation report from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO.                      SUBJECT
TO YOOCATES                   Richards-Gebaur AFB Weather Observations

The following weather observations for Richards-Gebaur AFB on 21 Aug 58 between 1956GCT and 2156GCT is submitted:

GVT 22/0166 (21/2156)
Sky condition...............Clear
Visibility.................. 15 miles
Wind................... 1018.9 millibars
Dew Point.................. 59°F
Wind Alti..................30.11 inches

GVT 22/0252 (21/2052)
Sky condition...............Clear
Visibility.................. 15 miles
Wind................... 1018.9 millibars 
Dew Point.................. 59°F
Wind Alti..................30.11 inches

GVT 22/0552 (21/2152)
Sky condition...............Clear
Visibility.................. 15 miles
Wind................... 1018.9 millibars
Dew Point.................. 58°F
Wind Alti..................30.11 inches

TOP WIND ALOFT 22/0002 (21/1800C)
Altitude     Direction    Speed
 6,000 ft        320°        10 knots
10,000 ft        320°        15 knots
15,000 ft        320°        20 knots
20,000 ft        320°        20 knots
25,000 ft        320°        25 knots
30,000 ft        320°        25 knots

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to collect information about sightings of unidentified flying objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in any connection with the information you provide. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 2-y, 6:55 
2. Time of day: 6:40 (Circle One): a. A.M. or b. P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Kansas City, Kansas
Additional remarks: 
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 1-5 seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very certain d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Daylight c. Dawn d. Just a trace of daylight e. Twilight f. Dark
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire or survey about observations of the stars and moon.

8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. Few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember
9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't remember
10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile's headlight?: (Circle One) a. A little or none away (a distant car?), b. A block away?, c. Several yards away?, d. Other
11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't Know, b. Move slowly?, Yes / No / Don't Know, c. Move rapidly?, Yes / No / Don't Know, d. Break up into parts or explode?, Yes / No / Don't Know, e. Give off smoke?, Yes / No / Don't Know, f. Change shape?, Yes / No / Don't Know, g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?, Yes / No / Don't Know
12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid?, b. Transparent?, c. Don't Know
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?: a. Eyeglasses, Yes / No, b. Sun glasses, Yes / No, c. Windshield, Yes / No, d. Window glass, Yes / No, e. Binoculars, Yes / No, f. Telescope, Yes / No, g. Theodolite, Yes / No, h. Other

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound
b. Color -33 inches - 22 ft. bright o-bl-gray slick gray o-21 wings
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy, blurred
b. Clearly outlined
c. Shimmering
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, than how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this document. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document contains handwritten text answering various questions about the reported UFO sighting.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin  b. Silver dollar  c. Nickel  d. Grapefruit  e. Basketball  f. Other______
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22): 
a. Certain  b. Fairly certain  c. Not very sure  d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you are the witness. Of what type material would you create the object that you saw, and what things would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Output all the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin  b. Silver dollar  c. Nickel  d. Grapefruit  e. Basketball  f. Other______
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22): 
a. Certain  b. Fairly certain  c. Not very sure  d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you are the witness. Of what type material would you create the object that you saw, and what things would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ______________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other ______________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
My husband and I were standing outside our home and called to me out of the blue.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and the number of degrees it was above the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared: From true North ___________ degrees. Degrees above horizon ___________.

31.2 When it disappeared: From true North ___________ degrees. From horizon ___________ degrees.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which includes two sketches.

The text output from the OCR is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to similar sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Scattered clouds, c. Overcast, d. Thick or heavy clouds, e. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Mist, drizzle, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold, b. Cool, c. Mild, d. Hot, e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes - No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
A disc shaped object described as a "strange phenomenon" that appeared to be gliding or soaring with no apparent signs of propulsion.

This text appears to be from the Project Blue Book UFO report document.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely a questionnaire or form filled out by an individual.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ___ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Kansas City, [redacted] [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present job? Housewife
Age: 35 Sex: Female
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College P.G. Degree
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 Day 29 Month Year

- page 10 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data).

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

The handwritten text on the document reads:

"On about the 14th of July, 1958 a teletype message was received from the Kansas City, Kansas police department advising they had received several calls from citizens reporting a very large round luminous object hovering over the city. When an officer investigated, the object had disappeared. Later that same day, another teletype message was received from the same source advising that the object had reappeared and was observed by several other officers who judged its size to be approximately 40 to 50 feet in diameter. It was described as being brightly illuminated, round, and aluminum in color. As the officers approached the object, it began to ascend vertically at a high rate of speed and disappeared from sight. No other details were given in the messages. No photographs or sketches that could be used as evidence were obtained."

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter dated September 17, 1958, addressed to "Mr. [redacted]" from LAWRENCE J. TACKER, Deputy Assistant Executive Officer, Public Information Division, Office of Information Services. The letter discusses an unidentified flying object reported on August 23, 1958, and the evaluation of the incident by the Air Force.

S: 14c
21 August

17 September 1958

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Your letter of 23 August 1958 concerning an unidentified flying object was referred to the Air Technical Intelligence Center for evaluation.

As you know, a thorough check of the circumstances surrounding this sighting was made by qualified investigators.

The evaluation revealed that several Air Force planes were in the area at the time of the sighting. These planes had completed training missions and were returning to their home stations. The pilots of these planes reported seeing a bright light which appeared to be moving faster than the planes. However, this light was determined to be the reflection of the sun's rays on the windows of the other aircraft as they were turning to head toward their home stations.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Deputy Assistant Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains only handwritten text.

WEATHER STATION DID NOT CONFIRM 4 OBJECTS REPORTEDLY SEEN BY NEIGHBORS & FARMER AT NIGHT - FLYING VERY LOW MAKING 3 PASSES.

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a diagram or chart of some kind, likely related to the Project Blue Book UFO investigation. The image contains a complex graph or plot with various lines, curves, and numerical values. It does not appear to contain any photographs or images of human subjects.

Here is the text I was able to extract from the document:

The text does not contain any information beyond the diagram shown in the image.

- page 14 -

The image appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet, likely related to a UFO sighting report from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object that you have observed. The data obtained will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
1. When did you see the object? 2-Aug-1953 
2. Time of day: 4:40 P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Kansas City, Kansas
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 55 seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight 
7. If you saw the object during DAYLGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 15 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows a form with various questions and options related to the observation of an unidentified flying object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
11. Did the object:
12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
14. Did the object appear - sold?
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an archived collection of reports related to unidentified flying objects (UFOs) investigated by the United States Air Force.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image, the output is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:

a. Sound None
b. Color White Light

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you may such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically indicate whether trails or vapor trails. Place
No shape seen. Only a light

18. The edge of the object was:
Circle Oval _ Fuzzy Blurred
Sharply outlined
Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 1 Only. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 17 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing questions and responses related to the observation of an unidentified object.

20. Give a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
SOUTHWEST
HORIZON

21. If POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its largest dimension.
No guess possible as only saw a light.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Pea
b. Silver dollar 
c. Grapefruit
d. Basketball

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:
a. Certain
b. Very sure
c. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Faded away slowly in the distance.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible, of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine, that you could somehow the object that you saw. Of what type material would you say, would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words what you would expect to find.
No guess possible, only saw a light.

The text found in the document is:

20. Give a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
SOUTHWEST
HORIZON

21. If POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its largest dimension.
No guess possible as only saw a light.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Pea
b. Silver dollar 
c. Grapefruit
d. Basketball

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:
a. Certain
b. Very sure
c. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Faded away slowly in the distance.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible, of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine, that you could somehow the object that you saw. Of what type material would you say, would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words what you would expect to find.
No guess possible, only saw a light.

- page 18 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It is a page from an old UFO report document that contains a form with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

The text found in the document is as follows:

23. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Outside
c. In an automobile
d. Other

24. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Flying over open country?
d. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
D. WITNESSED 20 MINUTES A CLEAR SIGHTING. CALLED OTHERS INTO SEE.

28. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE OR other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: From true North ___ degrees.
From horizon ___ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: From true North ___ degrees.
From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 19 -

The image contains three sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line labeled "A" and instructions to imagine that the object seen at the horizon was moving along this curved line. The second and third sketches show more detailed landscape scenes, with instructions to place an "A" at the position where the object was first seen, and a "B" at the position where it was last seen.

Text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. If the object continued to move, place a "B" on the same line to show the highest point to which it rose.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a similar sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear, Hazy, Scattered, Thick or heavy clouds, Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): No wind, Slight, Moderate, Strong wind, Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): Dry, Mist, Moderate or heavy rain, Snow, Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): Cold, Mild, Warm, Hot, Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? 2 Day Apr 1952 Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses.
Mrs. XXXXXXXX
KANSAS CITY 6, KAN.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? (Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Perhaps it was something reflecting the light of the sun as it went over the horizon. It seemed to be moving in a circular orbit.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES No (Motored very quickly, but I have ne- idea.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES No (Roughly 100 feet)

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] Kansas City 4, Kansas
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
What is your present job? Central fire department, civilian 
Age 27 Sex Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had: 
a. Grade school b. High school c. College Journalism, B.A. d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 30 Day 8 Month 1958 Year

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book containing a typed report.

Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.
Dear Sir:
I've heard that the Air Force collects and studies reports of unidentified flying objects. Here is a brief description of something I observed recently. 
For the 9:40 p.m., August 23, 1958, I was standing in my yard in Kansas City watching the sky. At that time, I observed a series of flashes of light which appeared to be emanating from very near the horizon almost directly north, possibly slightly east of north, which I first thought to be a meteor. However, that idea was soon eliminated as it seemed to hover there and the flashes continued for some time.
The flashes occurred, moving upward at about 15 degrees on the horizon. After another flash occurred, moving to my right, the object seemed to disappear from view. Several more flashes occurred at constant intervals of a few seconds, each one further to the right. 
The last two flashes were close to the moon which was very low in the sky, and seemed to be near it. By the time the last flash occurred, it had not reappeared.
The total impression was that something had flown overhead within less than a mile, with the flashes or lights at regular intervals. It seemed the object drifted away as the flashes were not as far apart as at first.
At 9:50 p.m. the neighbors called for me to come out and see the "spirits" that they had observed the southeast sky. However, I was satisfied that what I saw originating in the north was the same object, and assured me that what I had seen was somewhat northly and higher elevation than where the "spirits" were. The "spirits" were quite faint near the horizon and were several in number, appearing and disappearing with a pulsating motion.
I hope this information may be of some use to you.
Sincerely,

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet containing written text.

All the text found in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following guide to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may use the back of this sheet for any further comments.

NAME: (Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:

DATE: 30 Aug 58

All that was seen was a series of flashes of light similar to that produced by a strobe light. However, the flashes occurred on a regular basis and a straight line could be drawn through the paths of each set of flashes. It was therefore convincing that one object had passed quickly from North to Southwest horizons, giving a flashes of light at regular intervals. Nothing was seen between the flashes as the object traveled to the Southwest horizon within less than a minute.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document containing handwritten text.

The text on the page reads:

"The flashes occurred at regular intervals of time, but after it crossed overhead the space distance between flashes was progressively less. Six flashes were observed altogether."

- page 25 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn diagram depicting a spherical celestial object or unidentified flying object (UFO). The diagram shows a curved path of light observed, labeled as "Solid line is path of light observed." The diagram also includes angular measurements, such as the 90-degree zenith, and a rough sketch of a landscape or horizon line at the bottom. There is no photographic image included in this document.

Solid line is path of light observed.
Broken line a estimated path between the flashes of light. 
Moved from slightly east of North in a straight line to a little South of Southwest.

- page 26 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn diagram or sketch. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Transcribing the text from the image:

A. Flash of light
A. Flash of light
A. Flash of light
A. Path of light
79 OJTF 03 SEPT 'S2 OC AT WSMR 1351
25 AUG 195 'S MEMONT KANSAS

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
PLACE: KANSAS CITY, KANSAS, USA
DATE OF REPORT: 2 Sep 58
DATE OF INFORMATION: 21 Aug 58
PREPARED BY: JOHN F. VINIK, MAJOR, USAF
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
I. CONTENTS:
PART ONE: Description of sighting by Mr.
PART TWO: Description of sighting by Mr.
PART THREE: Supplementary Investigation Efforts.
PART FOUR: Comments of the Preparing Officer.
II. SYNOPSIS: On August 21, 1958 an unidentified flying object was observed for about 2 hours G.S.T. 4 miles south of Kansas City, Kansas (GEORGE FJLK 9207) at approx 1930 to 2130 hours G.S.T. The object was circular in shape, colored red and white, and appeared to be hovering over the ground. It crossed the sky in a westerly direction at a speed estimated as being in excess of that of the fastest jet aircraft. It made at least four separate trips crossing the sky in thirty to forty seconds.
III. INVESTIGATOR: MAJOR LAWRENCE R. HUNT, AF17373665

OCR output:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
PLACE: KANSAS CITY, KANSAS, USA
DATE OF REPORT: 2 Sep 58
DATE OF INFORMATION: 21 Aug 58 
PREPARED BY: JOHN F. VINIK, MAJOR, USAF
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
I. CONTENTS:
PART ONE: Description of sighting by Mr.
PART TWO: Description of sighting by Mr. 
PART THREE: Supplementary Investigation Efforts.
PART FOUR: Comments of the Preparing Officer.
II. SYNOPSIS: On August 21, 1958 an unidentified flying object was observed for about 2 hours G.S.T. 4 miles south of Kansas City, Kansas (GEORGE FJLK 9207) at approx 1930 to 2130 hours G.S.T. The object was circular in shape, colored red and white, and appeared to be hovering over the ground. It crossed the sky in a westerly direction at a speed estimated as being in excess of that of the fastest jet aircraft. It made at least four separate trips crossing the sky in thirty to forty seconds.
III. INVESTIGATOR: MAJOR LAWRENCE R. HUNT, AF17373665

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document of the Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

OCR Output:

UNCLASSIFIED (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112 

PART ONE 
REPORT NO. IR-1-58 PAGE 2 OF 5 PAGES

ORIGINATING AGENCY: DET 2, 1006TH AISS

SOURCE: R. SOURCE

ADDRESS: Kansas City, Kansas 

AGE: 27

OCCUPATION: Artist for HALLMARK CARDS, INC. 

EDUCATION: College graduate majoring in Journalism and Political Science

QUALIFICATIONS: None

II. RELIABILITY: Source was sincere and eager to help. He gave positive information as to sequence of events, not too sure of his elevations.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: Source stated that he had read on the 21st of August 1958 at approximately 2000 hours CST. That evening he started viewing TV at 2010 hours CST. At 2015 hours CST, he noticed an object in the sky which appeared to be a series of six (6) flashes. These flashes appeared to him to be white and they seemed to move from east to west. The length of flashes could not be estimated. He believed the flashes were followed by a path due north. The approximate degrees elevation from him for each of the six (6) flashes varied from (17.5) degrees to (25) degrees. The object crossed the sky in less than one (1) minute. Source could not estimate speed or altitude.

IV. After further questioning Source stated that the flashes of light were possibly elongated and appeared traveling approximately east and lengt h (7) flash of light was visible traveling. The sky was clear with a bright moon shining. The night was warm with many stars. A slight breeze was blowing.

- page 29 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a text document with information about a UFO sighting report.

I will now perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document and provide the output:

UNCLASSIFIED (SECURITY INFORMATION when filled in)
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY DET 2, 1005th AISS
REPORT NO. IR-3-58 PAGE 3 PART TWO 5 PAGES

I. SOURCES:
ADDRESS: #### Kansas City, Kansas
AGE: 28
OCCUPATION: Housewife
EDUCATION: Attended University of Iowa
QUALIFICATIONS: None

II. RELIABILITY: Source was helpful and cooperative, however in her own estimate her observation was very poor.

III. SOURCE'S DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: On 12 August 1958 at 2010 hours CST, the witness was outside her home watching for the rocket carrier of the satellite being launched at that time. She observed an unknown object in the sky while watching for the rocket carrier. The object appeared to be white to off white in color and did not have the appearance of any aircraft or similar manmade objects. She did state that it was as bright as an auto headlight and was moving rapidly in straight, zig-zag patterns. The object was observed for five or more minutes. The object appeared from the northeast and disappeared to the southwest where it was lost in more light. It was a clear night with a bright moon and many stars were visible. It was also very cool outside. The witness was told by a neighbor who showed her the rocket carrier passing overhead.

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing various investigative efforts related to unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED 
SECURITY INFORMATION

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

ORIGINATING AGENCY: ATIC 
DATE: 9 AUG 1958
PART THREE
PAGE 5

SUPPLEMENTARY INVESTIGATIVE EFFORTS:
1. The following agencies were checked with negative results:
a. Military Flight Service Center, Lowry AFB, Colorado
b. Base Operations, Richards-Gebaur AFB, Missouri
c. Whiteman AFB, Sedalia, Missouri
d. ACGW site at Schilling AFB, Salina, Kansas
e. Kansas City, Missouri Radar, Kansas City, Kansas

2. The President of the Moonwatchers' team of the Astronomy Club, Kansas City, Missouri, advised that on 21 August 1958 the rocket carrier of 2017 and 2057 car follower missiles over Kansas City, Missouri, using the code name "Kansas City", were observed from 1930 to 2007:30* hours that evening but it has never been seen over Kansas City. 

3. The Chief Controller, Air Route Traffic Control, Kansas City, Missouri stated that there were ten (10) aircraft in the Kansas-Missouri area between 19:25 and 20:20 hours on 21 August 1958, determined by ARTC to be normal Air Force training flights from Forbes and McConnell AFB's near Wichita, Kansas.

4. Base Operations, Schilling AFB, Salina, Kansas (GEORGE FUJII 2680) stated that on the day and time in question, they had one B-47 over Kansas City altitude of 30,000 feet.

5. A check with the Base Operations, Forbes AFB, Topeka, Kansas (GEORGE FUJII 1905) established that on 21 August 1958 there was a T-33 jet trainer flight from Topeka, Kansas. The flight consisted of one T-33, Capt. Walter Neumann-pilot, at 35,000 feet over Kansas City, Missouri. One B-47, Maj. Charles C. Hartig-pilot, at 35,000 feet over Topeka, Kansas. One T-39, Nuremaid 34, Captain Walters-pilot, at 35,000 feet over Kansas City, Missouri. 

6. Detachment 1, 19th Weather Squadron, Richards-Gebaur AFB, MO was contacted and gave the following wind information for 21 August 1958 for the time 1956 hours GST to 2338 hours GST.

Winds aloft:
16000': - 020 degrees at 10 knots 
18000': - 350 degrees at 15 knots
20000': - 330 degrees at 15 knots
22000': - 300 degrees at 20 knots
24000': - 290 degrees at 25 knots

The night was clear and warm.

- page 31 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED (SECURITY INFORMATION WHEN FILLED IN)
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY Det 2, 3006th AISS
IR 1-58
PART FOUR
PAGE 5
PAGE 5
Comments of the Preparing Officers:
a. This sighting was probably caused by one of the aircraft flying in the area during the time of the sighting, for the following reasons:
(1) A B-47 aircraft, (Narrows 31), was observed over the area during the approximately 2 1/2 minutes that the sighting lasted. Also, other aircraft in the area were flying local, i.e., over the reporting area, as is common practice for SAC aircraft to check wing lights. This would account for the object's sudden disappearance and reappearance as observed by the source.
b. Judgement of time by Mr. Dewis object was observed (30) to forty-five (45) seconds. During this time he observed the first flash from the corner of his eye, looked in the direction of the second flash, and up-on looking in that direction observed the object. He stated that he saw the path of the flashes, and she saw approximately four (4) of these flashes.
c. The unidentified object was not the Sputnik carrier, because it was seen (15) minutes later. The neighbors stated to the interviewer that they had seen the Sputnik earlier before the sighting.
JOHN F. VINK
Major
Commander, USAF

- page 32 -

