PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
26 August 1958

2. LOCATION
Lexington, Kentucky

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local: 1915CDT
GMT: 27/00157

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
2 No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
TWO

9. COURSE
varied W

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
A cigar shaped obj, copper in color, was sighted when someone called observer's attention to it.

11. COMMENTS
Possible balloon sighting; however, copper color & other data not conclusive. Case listed as insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusion, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26      Aug     58
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 7:15        
               Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted personal address]
LEXINGTON         KY
City              State

Additional remarks: TRAVELED 5 MILES AFTER FIRST OBSERVATION, GOT OUT OF CAR AND WATCHED IT AGAIN

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
30
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
(Circle One): a. Certain
             b. Fairly certain
             c. Not very sure
             d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight

             d. Just a trace of daylight
             e. No trace of daylight
             f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you NOTE:
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

             d. To your left
             e. Overhead
             f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (15 OCT 50)


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes    b. No    c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other:

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
[No text written in response area]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
[No text written in response area]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses         Yes   No
b. Sun glasses        Yes   No
c. Windshield         Yes   No
d. Window glass       Yes   No

d. Binoculars         Yes   No
e. Telescope          Yes   No
f. Theodolite         Yes   No
h. Other: NAKED EYE

Page 9 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: No Sound
    b. Color: Color of a Copper Spectrum

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    see ITEM #3
    [A hand-drawn sketch of an elongated oval/elliptical shape with an arrow indicating movement from North to South, then South to North]

    North to South Then South to North

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined [circled]
    d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

    I there for about 5 minutes taken
    Quite dim.


- page 4 -

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
(50) feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half Dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other:

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? By depositing in A
westerly course. Unsure.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

COPPER, 30 FT LONG - CIGAR SHAPED
LID OF A COPPER KETTLE LOOKING
EDGEWISE WITH NO HANDLE


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. Outdoors
c. Two POSITIONS
d. In an airplane 5 MILES APART
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Leaving house WHEN SOMEONE CALLED MY
ATTENTION TO IT.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 260 degrees.
b. From horizon 60 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 260 degrees.
b. From horizon 62 degrees.

See Item 17


- page 6 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 7 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Light breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
26     AUG     1958

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
MRS                 SAME ADDRESS AS REPORTER
MR & MRS                                LEXINGTON
                                         KY.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
NO OPINION


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? EXCESS OF 9-52 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 10 MILES

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] LEXINGTON, KY
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? PARACHUTE MANUFACTURER
Age 40 Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
(Type)
f. Other special training LAWYER
NAVAL AVIATOR

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 16 AUG 58

[There is also a handwritten note at the bottom of the page that appears to be an official comment, but parts of it are illegible]


- page 9 -

