The image does not contain a photograph. The image shows a Project 10073 Record Card that provides information about an unidentified object observed at Frenchman's Bayou, Arkansas on 21 May 1958. The card includes details such as the date, location, type of observation, source, number of objects, and conclusions about the observed object, which was determined to possibly be a stone or some sort.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. DATE
21 May 58

2. LOCATION
Frenchman's Bayou, Arkansas

3. PHOTOS
NR

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Rock like 10 weighing approx 10 lb found in gumbo type soil. Type of rock was determined to be nonmagnetic before being disposed of. Therefore, it was probably a stone of some sort.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
ROCK
Insufficient data for evaluation

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text output:

21 May 1958

MEMORANDUM FOR:
SUBJECT: Unidentified Object
TO: Commander
ATTN: Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. Unidentified object enclosed herewith is forwarded for evaluation.

2. Object was found in field near Frenchman's Bayou, Arkansas, thirty-two (32) miles north of Memphis, Tennessee. The field has sandy type soil and this type rock or metal is not usually found in this area.

3. Mr. representative owner of field, turned the object over to a representative of this station. He stated he understood the Air Force was looking for material that may have originated from outer space.

4. Request this office be advised of results of evaluation.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

HODGES C GOWDY
Lt Colonel, USAF
Inspector

- page 2 -

The image contains a photographic print of what appears to be a rock or stone formation. The image includes a scale ruler at the bottom, as well as a number "687 3109" stamped or printed on the image. There is no human face or other identifiable human element present in this image.

687 3109

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document. The image appears to be a typed letter from the Memphis Air Force Depot to the Commander of the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, regarding an Unidentified Object that was forwarded on May 15, 1958. The letter discusses the evaluation of the object and requests any comments or findings from the recipient.

Text Extracted from the Document:

HEADQUARTERS
MEMPHIS AIR FORCE DEPOT
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
MEMPHIS 15, TENNESSEE
2200 JACKSON AVENUE
MEMPHIS 2, TENNESSEE

TO: YOUR RC AND RCB ADDRESS, PLEASE
RE-ADDRESS COMMUNICATION TO ATTENTION OF:
MRI

SUBJECT: Unidentified Object

TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. Reference copy of letter attached, Subject object was forwarded to you by Log Air on A W/B 041766, 21 May 1958.

2. We are interested in your evaluation of the object and would appreciate any comment relative to your findings.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
HODGES G. DOWNEN
Colonel, USAF
Inspector

13 November 1958

- page 4 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a work order request form with various sections to be filled out, including organization commander information, air installation officer details, budget and fiscal officer information, and base commander approval.

As an OCR system, I have produced the following text from the document:

WORK ORDER REQUEST
Section I.--ORGANIZATION COMMANDER
1. Date 28 MAY 56
2. Serial No.
3. FROM (Organization) AIR INSTALLATION OFFICE
Phone No. G-9216
4. LCN (Last Call Number) AFCIN-4215
5. The following services are requested: (Describe in detail. Attach sketch when necessary.)
Request labor and equipment be furnished to recover an item (probably a meteorite) which was inadvertently included in material returned for disposal. The item is rock like and weighs approximately 40 pounds. For further description see included photo.
6. Justification This item was forwarded to the AIR Technical Intelligence Center for evaluation and due to inadequate addressing was not routed to the proper office. Subsequently this item was disposed of in routine manner and requires recovery of this item for analysis in order to determine its value to the Air Force.
Section II.--AIR INSTALLATION OFFICER
13. Remarks:
7. Labor $
8. Materials $
9. Real estate facilities equipment $
10. Other equipment $
11. TOTAL $
12. Estimated completion date 14. Cost code 15. Work Order No.
16. Recommend approval disapproval
Section III.--BUDGET AND FISCAL OFFICER
17. Real estate facilities funds applicable
Organization funds to be charged (Cite applicable Appropriation and Project No.)
Section IV.--BASE COMMANDER
18. Approved Disapproved

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a form with instructions for the preparation of AF Form 332. There is no photograph present in this image.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR PREPARATION OF AF FORM 332

1. Date work order request is prepared.
2. Number assigned in sequence by the Air Installation Officer as work order request is received.
3. Name and phone number of organization making the request.
4. Building number, utility system, and the like on which the work is requested.
5. Clear, concise description of the work required.
6. Reason for necessity of the work. Signature of the Organization Commander implies the nature of the work is not prohibited by current Air Force directives.
7. Estimated cost of labor to perform the work.
8. Estimated cost of materials required.
9. Estimated cost of real estate facilities equipment to be installed.
10. Estimated cost of equipment other than real estate facilities to be installed.
11. Total of items 7, 8, 9, and 10.
12. Estimated date work can be completed under current work program schedules.
13. Pertinent remarks by the Air Installation Officer and/or individual preparing the estimate.
14. Real estate facilities cost account code to which work is chargeable. No entry is made in this space for disapproved work order requests.
15. Number assigned to the work order. No entry is made in this space for disapproved work order requests.
16. Recommendation of the Air Installation Officer to the Base Commander for approval or disapproval of the request. Accomplishment of this item is not necessary for requests which the Air Installation Officer is authorized to approve.
17. Notation of appropriate funds to be used for performing the work. When organization funds, other than real estate facilities funds, are chargeable, the appropriation and project number of the applicable funds must be entered.
18. Indication of approval or disapproval of the request and signature of the Base Commander or his authorized representative.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

Text output from the document:

APCH-AR/MAJ. FRAILYO/soc
C-916/D36 622
typed 12 Dec 58

APCH-A

SUBJECT: Unidentified Object

TO: Commanding General
Memphis Air Force Depot
Attn: Lt Col H. G. Cowdry, Inspector 
Mallory Air Force Station
Memphis, Tennessee

1. Reference your letters, subject: "Unidentified Object", dated 13 November 1958 and 21 Nov 1958.

2. The ATIC regrets the long delay in answering your letters. However, this was due to an administrative overtight.

3. Preliminary analysis of the object referenced in your letters dated it to be of meteoric origin. The low priority of that particular phase of scientific research as this time prevented it being disposed of in a routine manner.

4. Case closed. No further action being taken. Should you desire further information or have additional question, please advise. Our efforts are under way to recover this item for further analysis. If this recovery efforts to successful, your office will be immediately advised of any further findings concerning this item.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

H. K. GILBERT 
Colonel, U.S.A.F.
Deputy for Science
and Components

- page 7 -

