PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
24 Jul 58

2. LOCATION
Las Cruces, New Mexico

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 827 Mount Time
GMT 25/0327Z

4. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

5. SOURCE
Civilian (Astronomer)

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 secs

8. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Extremely bright obj -5 or -6 mag (w/ 4dgr tail) obsv'd by leading astronomer cover are fm 320dgr azimuth 35dgr alt to 100dgr azimuth 200dgr alt. Travel thus 5dgr per second, almost too slow for meteor.

11. COMMENTS
Confirmed meteor sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

Meteor

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

August 7, 1958.

Report of Unidentified Objects
Sighted in Neighborhood of Bermuda on July 15, 1958
(per U.S.A.F. Headquarters Wire of July 15)

These objects were quite possibly fireballs or meteors (but which, would depend on size and brightness which are not describable). If they were large objects, they could be fireballs. While it would be remarkable that a fireball could be seen in such a short space of time (ten in half an hour), it is not outside the bounds of possibility.

Their varied and sometimes opposite directions would, of course, rule out any chances of them being connected with any single normal artificial satellite.

It may be interesting to note that we have three other recent reliable reports of somewhat similar unidentified objects, as follows:

Las Cruces, N.M.   July 25   03 27 U.T.
Portland, Oregon  August 1   06 28
Chapel Hill, N.C. August 4   01 15

Color was not mentioned in the Las Cruces case. The Portland and Chapel Hill objects were charged from white and had a cone-fourth of the moon in size. The Chapel Hill object was one-tenth of the moon's diameter and had a large angular tail. All were travelling in a more or less easterly direction.

Also of interest, for whatever the coincidence may be worth, is the fact that the two time intervals between the last Bermuda west-to-east sightings and the Las Cruces observations have a common denominator, or common basic period, of about 345 minutes. The Chapel Hill (N.H.) sightings can also be included in this time grouping if we use one-third of this period, roughly, 115 minutes, as the common base period for all these intervals. (N.B. the Portland sighting time is only very approximate).

-----000-----


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
ASTROPHYSICAL OBSERVATORY

SECTION OF UPPER ATMOSPHERE STUDIES
IGY OPTICAL SATELLITE TRACKING PROGRAM
60 GARDEN STREET
CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS

July 29, 1958
(dictated on
July 26,1958)

Captain George T. Gregory
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
P. O. Box 9703
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain:

I am on the eve of my departure for Moscow, and I am taking the liberty of enclosing a itinerary so that you will know where I am and if necessary, can get in touch with me at those places.

I honestly don't know which of the alternatives to give greater weight to. While the artificial meteor hypothesis is certainly a possibility, I do not favor it myself very much. I really was a slow meteor, especially since it was observed in the early evening.

Apropos of that, Dr. _____ called me just yesterday to report an extremely bright object. The data on this is as follows: 3:27 UT (Zebra) July 25, 1958; 8:27 Mountain Time. An extremely bright object about minus 5 or minus 6 (that is much brighter than any of the planets) with a four degree long tail and emitting sparks at its went along, was first sighted at latitude 320 degrees and altitude 35 and traversed 100 or so degrees in a great circle to about 100 degrees Azimuth and 20 degrees altitude. It covered the 100 degrees in about 20 seconds, thus giving 5 degrees per second. Dr. _____ was not a reputable astronomer, says that in his opinion it was not a meteor, but again it is borderline case. It is too fast for a satellite unless the object were a foreign object. In its way down, for instance if the object were 20 miles high, it was travelling at 2.7 miles per second. Several people saw the trace in question.

I'll admit that calling everything a bright meteor is a very handy thing to do, but until we have definite evidence that it is something else, I would still rather favor that explanation. However, we should keep a list (and we are doing so here) of all these very bright, slow-moving objects, because intelligence data at a later date may reveal some strange things we were up. It

[Handwritten note at bottom: * Discuss of Pluto, * urgent in Mars]


- page 3 -

