PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
8 Apr 58

2. LOCATION
Greens Fork, Ind.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No Physical
Specimen

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Particle of rock submitted believed
to be a part of a meteor.

GMT N/A

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
N/A

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Specimen found to be glacial
boulder of typical basaltic
material.

ATIC FORM 129 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

April 22, 1958

Deputy Chief
Air Intelligence Office
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio.

Dear Mr. Strahl:

This is a small part that I had forgotten about in my collection. Im not sure that it is metal.

Mr. Strahl I do have the pecable pot of gold. It is more of a collectors item than metal. With your permission I would like to turn it in for money. This newspaper clipping explains how the gold spilled out as the star came into the atmosphere. It may be a bit radio-active as a lot of the pieces are.

Sincerely,

[Location redacted], Indiana


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

FRED DOYLE... don't try it for a living.—The News Photo, Pat Redmond

There's Still Gold
in Those Hills
By WENDELL TROGDON, Staff Reporter

BROOKLYN, Ind. — When Back in northern Morgan County, he used his leisure
folks around these parts need time to prowl streams, and
their diapan and head for search sand bars and gravel
Gold Creek. beds.

Oldtimers say there's gold One day, near home, he
along Gold Creek and Syca- found a deposit of black
more and Lamb Creeks, too. magnetic sand. He panned
Diamonds, weighing as much and found glittering specks of
as 3 carats, also have been gold.
found in the streams and their Another California returnee
tributaries. covered what John was
Fred Doyle, who lives in doing. Word spread and the
southwest of here, says he rush was on.
panned for the valuable dust Prospectors with gold-seekers
for 40 years and could always poured into the area. Skilled
find a few dollars worth each panners made $2 to $3 a day—
day. good money in those days.

"I'm 73, but I can still find No one can recall the names
specks of gold," he said. "I of the early panners, but some
panned light diamonds in the residents recall their parents
creek near Staunton." talking about the early days.

This work has been done in Geologists say there's still
several other places in Indi- gold in Morgan County and
ana through Indiana Univer- several other places in Indi-
sity outdoor recreation center. ana. But the small amount
Mayme Owens McKahan of makes finding it worthwhile

only as a hobby.

The photograph shows a person wearing a hat, sitting and panning for gold in what appears to be a stream or riverbed.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top Left Corner]
Merged
Modern
FRESNO

[Main Headlines/Articles]

ROUNDUP
Dad Gone,' 
eps House

Police expert David Purtell yesterday discovered that a coin-operated typewriter acted on the second floor of the university was used to type the note.

Authorities said the discovery indicated that the note, typed on a concert program, was the work of a student.

The note warned that unless two daughters of $5,000, his Untermeyer's father, Irving Untermeyer, a retired New York Supreme Court Justice, and his grandfather Samuel, was a wealthy New York attorney, would be harmed. The political science professor found the note in his faculty mail box.

Police said they would check fingerprints on the typewriter and the note, but would not be conclusive since it is a public typewriter which "anyone can use."

Michigan Water
Wonderland Dry
DETROIT (AP) — Michigan, the "water wonderland," has weathered the driest March in years.

Only farmers are happy. They are plowing dry fields that were mostly mud in earlier May last year.

W. W. Kellogg, Michigan's U.S. Weather Bureau meteorologist in Detroit centers has been busy seeing Michigan to the south this year. He doesn't know why.

Almost everything in Michigan's forest will burn right now, said E. L. Tucker, assistant chief of the Conservation department's field administration.

Throughout Michigan reports of forest fires have been in years. In Detroit, a backyard fire was quickly...

[Right Side]
Super Kern
Reg. $6.39
$6.69

KEM-GL
Reg. $2.85 qt.

5-1

[Partially Visible Image/Graphic]
- SPECIAL -
MIXED
GRASS SEED

21
4-RD
cycle

[Bottom Right Appears to have some additional text, but it is mostly illegible or cut off]


- page 4 -

April 27, 1958

Mr. Leo H. Strahl
Deputy Chief
Air Intelligence Office
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

Since writing you, concerning the pot of gold that one needs a license to prospect for profit. Therefore the pot of gold will have to remain in its hiding place so far as I am concerned.

Stop in and see my legal stone collection if you are ever over this way.

Sincerely,
[Signature area is blacked out]
Ind.

[Handwritten notes at bottom right are partially illegible]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

After strike orbit

Before strike orbit

EARTH

March 14, 1958

Meteorologist
Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

I notified your base, by phone, a year ago of a meteor axial. You were in Dayton, however, whereas I now live in Greens Fork, Indiana. This is a sketch of what I feel happened, which I have long considered.

Sincerely,
[Signature area]
Box [redacted], Indiana

Handwritten notes:
"No answer required"
[Other illegible handwritten notes]

The document also contains a detailed orbital diagram showing Earth and various orbital paths labeled "Before strike orbit" and "After strike orbit".


- page 6 -

March 18, 1958

Meteorologist
Wright-Patterson
Air-Force Base
Dayton, Ohio.

Dear Sir:

Please forgive me for the previous letter. You know I have those days. My feeling was, that something constructive could be gotten from a ground survey, not at 20 thousand ft. Ton after ton after ton of the stuff is laying around or being used for a variety of things.

The largest particle that I have seen is in the valley north of Newcastle. Large particles are also at the top of the hill at Spiceland. I feel this is the path of the main body. Our mail man recalls seeing something of the comet nature, come from this same general direction, about 40 years ago. This fact and the fact that particles found indicate a weakness of the mass, causes me to think that part of it is still in some kind of an orbit.

At first I was only interested in finding a meteor, however the more that I study it, well, I sort of get a bang out of it.

If you are interested at any time, you are welcome to examine any of the particles that I have knowledge of or that I have collected. Again please forgive me for the previous letter.

Sincerely, [signature redacted]
[Location] Indiana


- page 7 -

March 19, 1958

Meteorologist
Wright-Patterson
Air-Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

You know I didn't think to explain the weakness of the structure of this meteor. It contained the secret of an otherwise, hopeless mass.

(1) It was a stony Conglomerate.
(2) Some of these particles are crumbly.
(3) By far the most important, is the pockets of flint in the conglomerate. As you well know, a particle of flint the size of a marble, will when heated, blast many feet, in every direction. Particles of flint found are many, many times the size of marbles. They show the marks of heat and blast. This is my cause for thinking the struck area is much broader than the main body of material. I have found no valuable pieces, except as collectors items. Many particles found, have a tendency to go into what looks like quartz and stone crystals.

There are signs of Indians using some of this material, therefore the strike goes away back. Of course from the air you can get a better picture of the where from then I. Some of these pieces might be compared with pieces of the deep western strike. Not that it would prove anything. I would like to know what kind of a timetable this thing used to go over in the same general area twice. Will discontinue correspondence here.

Sincerely,
[Signature area is blacked out]
Ind.


- page 8 -

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

28 MAR 1958

Greensfork, Indiana
Dear Sir:

Thank you for your letters of 18 and 19 March 1958.

The Air Force is not interested in meteors that have fallen in the past, excepting those which contain a large content of metal.

We appreciate your interest and if we have a need for further information on the matter we will communicate with you.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
LEE H. STRAHL
Deputy Chief
Air Intelligence Office

The document appears to be an official Air Force letter on a routing and coordination sheet, with various administrative codes listed on the left margin.


- page 9 -

April 8, 1958

Deputy Chis
Air Intelligence Office

Dear Mr. Strahl:

Thanks so much for your letter of Mar. 28, 58.

Am very sorry that there isn't more metal in the thing for you. Am enclosing the only chunk that has a very high metal content, that I have so far found. I do not have any further need for the chunk and therefore do not think of returning it.

Thanks again for the communication.

Sincerely,

[Signature redacted]

Indiana


- page 10 -

FILE CLASS:
OFFICIAL FILE CO.
24 APR 1958
OFFICE OF RECORD

AFCIN-143/Mr Hiesttt/gmt/55266

Greensfork, Indiana

Dear Mr.

We have received the specimen which you believe to be a meteorite.

The specimen will be given a careful study and analysis to determine if it is of meteoric origin. You will be informed of the results upon completion of the tests.

Your interest in forwarding this specimen is appreciated.

Sincerely,

LEE H. STRAHL
Deputy Chief
Air Intelligence Office

[Note: Some text is partially obscured or blacked out]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO.                      SUBJECT Request for Analysis and Identification - Purported Meteorite
TO AFCIN-482c                 FROM AFCIN-484
                               DATE 23 Apr 58
                               484/Capt G.T.Gregory/wm
                               6916

1. Request subject specimen be subjected to necessary studies and tests to determine whether it is of meteorite origin, and, if so, whether predominantly of the "stony" or "nickel-iron" type.

2. The Air Force interest in these bodies is well known, particularly of the latter.

3. Attached are certain documents showing some background and previous action taken to possibly assist you in this matter.

2 Incls
1. Specimen in wooden box
2. Misc Itms

AFCIN-484                     AFCIN-482                     25 Apr 58

1. Examination of subject specimen has revealed that it is a glacial boulder of typical basaltic material. These rocks are often found at great distances from the locality of their natural occurrences or original outcropping, having been transported by the movement of the Ice Age glaciers.

2. Specifically, the specimen is a normal basalt, compact in formation and igneous in origin, with inclusions of specular hematite (splendent micaceous iron ore), magnetite (magnetic iron ore), and olivine (a green magnesium-iron silicate) or chlorite, possible traces of limonite (a hydrated iron oxide), limonite (brown hydrated iron ore) and pyrite (iron sulfide). It has a density of approximately 4.5 to 5.0 and is undoubtedly of plutonic (subterranean) origin. Atmospheric oxidation and sulphurization have caused the creation of a variety of colors, which, however, typical of weathering and exposure. It will be noticed that the surface of the fresh fracture does not display these effects.

3. All true meteorites show the effects of aerodynamic heating in reaching the earth's surface to more or less severe extent, resulting in pitting and surface fusion. This specimen bears none of these evidences. On the contrary, it does bear striation marks and surface smoothing due to water action indicative of glacial effects.

DD FORM 96     REPLACES WD AGO FORM 6, 1 OCT 48, WHICH MAY BE USED.     16-64091-3     U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE


- page 12 -

DF, AFCRL-422, to AFCRL-422, subj: Request For Analysis and Identification - Purported Meteorite - Atd 23 Apr 58

4. It is our conclusion that this specimen is of terrestrial origin, probably brought into the area of final location by Glaciers from so far away as the Grenville Geologic Province in Ontario, Canada, where such material is relatively abundant.

5. It is therefore felt that the trouble and expense of a laboratory examination is not warranted.

2 Incls w/o

[Signed]
ROBERT E. MARTIN
Acting Chief
AFCRL-422


- page 13 -

