Here is the text I can read from the document:

STAFF STUDY
DECEMBER 1958

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASIASHAF-AI
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

UNCLASSIFIED

7:3745-404
1003826

The document appears to be mostly blank with "UNCLASSIFIED" markings on multiple sides and some redacted/blacked out sections.


- page 1 -

DRAFT                   16 Dec 58                   UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT: UFO Program

TO:    Assistant Chief of Staff/Intelligence
        Headquarters, USAF
        Washington 25, D. C.

1. As you know, this Center is responsible for performing a scientific and technical evaluation of all reports of unidentified flying objects in accordance with the provisions of AFR 200-2, dated 5 February 1958. These evaluations of necessity can be no better than the reported information with which we must work.

2. Prior to going into any discussion of deficiencies in the present program as we see it, I believe a brief review of some background information is in order:

a. Forty-nine (49) UFO organizations exist in the Zone of Interior in addition to many individual self-proclaimed experts whose affiliations or specific intentions are not clear. It is clear, however, that for various reasons these individuals and agencies such as National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, Civilian Saucer Intelligence and Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, etc., feel a need for, and do everything possible to discredit the Air Force, its investigations, and its ultimate evaluation of reported sightings. These organizations, and for the most part individuals, are well equipped, and do in fact conduct a very comprehensive field investigation.

b. The people reporting UFO's are for the most part honest American citizens ranging all the way from relatively uninformed men in the street to eminent authorities, such as Mr. Townsend, Assistant to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, who recently reported a sighting from the Washington, D. C. area. These people feel strongly

UNCLASSIFIED

Page 1 of 2


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

about what they saw and normally report sightings in a strictly patriotic interest. A prompt investigation, sound analysis, and accurate report relating to what they saw leaves them with a feeling of pride in what they did and in the service that is most concerned with their defense. A sloppy investigation, evaluation based upon inadequate facts, and subsequent effort to discredit their story makes them vulnerable to propaganda expounded by the various UFO organizations.

c. Some of the UFO organizations, such as the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, well know the deficiencies in the Air Force Program and take advantage of every opportunity to place us in a defensive position. In fact, it is understood that Captain Ruppelt, who was responsible for the ATIC part of the UFO Program from early 1951 until September 1953, is now affiliated with NICAP. In this organization alone an ex-marine corps Major Kehoe [a political adventurer] and Captain Ruppelt, an ex-ATIC specialist, represent a formidable team from which plenty of trouble can be expected in the future. Both appear to be in the business for the money involved. Comparable conditions involving eminent authorities of questionable intentions exist in other of the 49 UFO organizations.

3. In light of the background information provided above, these deficiencies take on their proper meaning.

a. Investigations conducted by various Air Force installations in many cases (and particularly those claiming close observation or landing of UFO's) are inadequate to serve our needs for prompt and accurate evaluation. This is apparently so for these reasons:

(1) Due to knowledge of the official Air Force position that we have yet to uncover a specific threat from outer space, a degree of complacency has crept into the program resulting in something less than

UNCLASSIFIED

Page 2 of 5
0 1 of 2 cm


- page 3 -

UNCLASSIFIED

a positive aggressive approach to uncover the facts we so badly need to make prompt and comprehensive evaluations.

(2) As a result in part from the complacency indicated above, considerable time is lost in getting investigations under way, and all too frequently the investigation, once conducted and reported on, appears to have been performed by the most available individual without regard to his competence as an investigator, and ability to properly handle the public relations aspect so important to this program.

(3) As indicated in paragraph 2c above, many of the private and organized UFO investigators apparently in competition with the Air Force appear on the scene well equipped to conduct a field investigation. Invariably they have geiger counters, magnetometers and various sampling equipment with them and they use it. Not that this means much, but it is impressive to the uninitiated, and particularly so when the Air Force investigator later appears on the scene armed with nothing but a notebook and pencil for use in interrogating witnesses. Some basic factual information obtained from instrument readings would indeed be useful in many cases.

(4) Investigators selected, apparently with some degree of random from Air Force installations, and in many cases obviously unskilled in conducting a comprehensive investigation, appear only too often to be guided merely by the questions posed in AFR 200-2. When these are answered they consider their job done without regard to the overall questions that must in the final analysis be answered (i.e. - what was it? does it represent a threat? etc.).

(5) The final preparation and routing of investigative reports through devious command and mail channels is extraordinarily slow especially in those highly publicized cases wherein DOD starts getting inquiries for

UNCLASSIFIED

Page 3 of 5
1 of 2 Cy


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

analysis type information as soon as public press, radio, and television releases have been made. In many cases in the past this pressure for information has built up to Congressional inquiries prior to ATIC having the basic information from which a decent appraisal of the sighting could be made.

(6) In numerous instances in the past UFO sightings that have drawn a great amount of public interest (have been publicized widely in the press, on radio, television, etc.) have never been officially reported to ATIC. Invariably it is this type of case that is used by the UFO organizations to point up the inadequacy of the job the Air Force is doing. Furthermore, they bring these same cases up time and time again in an effort to force us to reveal our findings because they know full well that we have none. When a reply goes back that the particular case cited has never been officially reported to the Air Force it strengthens their case that they're doing a better job for the country than the Air Force supported by their taxes, ad infinitum.

4. In order to strengthen ATIC support of the UFO Program, I have directed some internal actions which should minimize certain existing deficiencies. These are:

a. Development of a small but competent trained and equipped group of investigators within ATIC to provide supplementary investigative capability in those cases involving keen scientific or public interest.

b. Established arrangements wherein ATIC investigators may move to and from Air Force installations nearest scene of sightings rapidly using CAT aircraft and crews.

c. Preparation of an SOP addendum to AFR 200-2 which will guide base level and other investigators in seeking out the facts we need to properly evaluate a UFO sighting. This SOP will be coordinated with your

UNCLASSIFIED
Page 4 of 5
By 1 of 2 pp


- page 5 -

UNCLASSIFIED

write along with a request that the coordinated version be published and distributed to Air Force activities.

5. In addition to those actions indicated in paragraph 4 above, I feel strongly that we must move to button up the implementation of AFR 200-2 in the field and at the same time obtain some additional cost information which may ultimately be used in our defense if such becomes necessary. I have attached hereto a suggested all major commands message which I recommend be dispatched for this purpose.

1 Incl:
Draft of
Proposed Msg

CHARLES B. DOUGHER
Major General
AFCIN-4

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
5

Page 5 of 5
Cy 2 of 2
TSP-33375


- page 6 -

DRAFT of Proposed Message to all Major Commands

This Message in 5 Parts.

PART I. Reference Air Force Regulation 200-2, dated 5 February 1958,
subject: "Unidentified Flying Objects," as amended by AFR 200-2A, dated
3 July 1958.

PART II. In spite of the fact that the USAF has yet to uncover specific
evidence of Unidentified Flying Objects that represent a threat from outer
space, considerable public interest and pressure on this particular pro-
gram continues. At the present time some 49 UFO organizations and many
self-proclaimed experts are actively engaged in exploiting UFO sightings
for their own, and in some cases, questionable interests. For reasons
known best to them they all seem intent upon discrediting the job the USAF
is doing in this program. In spite of this we must maintain a positive
approach to uncover specific information of scientific or technical interest
to the nation.

PART III. To insure understanding and compliance with the existing pro-
visions of AFR 200-2, as amended, the following elements of that direc-
tive are re-emphasized and clarified.

a. Prompt reporting and investigation of all UFO sightings by
the AF installation nearest to the point of sighting is the responsibility
of the commander of that installation. Such reporting and investigation
includes those cases publicized in the press or on radio and television
in the vicinity of that installation even though no report of the inci-
dent has been otherwise received. In all cases copies of reports will
be referred directly and expeditiously to ATIC.

[Document is marked UNCLASSIFIED at top and bottom]
[Page 1 of 2 Pages]


- page 7 -

UNCLASSIFIED

PART III. b. Selection of competent investigators, capable of applying
guidance outlined in par. 5 of referenced regulation is essential. In
all cases the investigator should be authorized direct telephone contact
with the Aerial Phenomena Group, Headquarters, ATIC, Wright-Patterson
AFB, Ohio, extension 6-9216, for the purpose of reporting high priority
findings or preliminary conclusions.

PART IV. The following instructions supplement the provisions of referenced regulation.

a. Where witnesses report close proximity to UFO's (within
100 yards), or claim evidence of radiation, investigators will be equipped
with rad-safe type radiation detectors to measure intensity of radiation
in vicinity of sighting. Where such instrumentation is employed, report
to ATIC will include type and model of instrument used, specific points
where measurements were taken, intensity of radiation, and relationship
to normal background in the area.

b. In all reports to ATIC the name and rank of the investigator
and the telephone number at which he can be reached will be included.

c. All final reports of UFO sightings will include a brief
statement of the total USAF resources consumed in investigation of this
particular sighting. This to include man hours, dollars spent, miles
traveled in military aircraft or vehicles, material damaged, destroyed
or consumed.

PART V. For information SOP addendum to AFR 200-2 which will provide
further guidance to commanders and UFO investigators now in work and
should be distributed early 1959. DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5400.10

UNCLASSIFIED

2


- page 8 -

UNCLASSIFIED
DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO.: [Blank]
SUBJECT: (U) Support of the UFO Program

TO: AFCIN-4A
AFCIN-4B
AFCIN-4C
AFCIN-4D
AFCIN-4E
AFCIN-4F
AFCIN-4X4
AFCIN-4X2

FROM: AFCIN-4E4                    DATE: [Handwritten date partially visible]

Classification Cancelled
(Authority: NND845062)
By: [Signature]
Date: 26 Jul 62

1. During the past year the investigation of UFO sightings as outlined in AFR 200-2 has left much to be desired. We are taking positive action to correct present deficiencies in the investigative program; however, it is deemed essential that an ATIC task force be established to supplement base level investigations in those cases where considerable scientific or public interest exists.

2. To provide a flexible investigative force which will not cause a particular drain on any one office within ATIC the Commander has approved the establishment of a volunteer force which will work under the direction of the Aerial Phenomena Group of the Air Science Division when actually engaged in field investigation of UFO sightings. The general ground rules for their employment are as follows:

a. A total group of from 18 to 20 volunteers will be selected from company grade officers and NCO's presently assigned within ATIC. This group will for the most part be people who do not have much opportunity to travel during the normal course of their duties at ATIC. Once selected they will be given a 20 hour course of instruction in interrogative and investigative procedures and will be checked out on equipment pertinent thereto. Once trained two of these individuals

[Bottom of page is partially obscured]

DD FORM 96                 UNCLASSIFIED                U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1963 O - 896975


- page 9 -

UNCLASSIFIED.

DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO.                   SUBJECT (U) UFO Program
TO    AFCIN-4X6            FROM    AFCIN-1B4            DATE    Comment No. 1

1. The Commander has just approved establishment of a volunteer force of 18-20 UFO investigators from personnel resources presently available to ATIC. This group will be locally trained and equipped, and will be used to perform primary or supplementary investigation of UFO sightings of the greatest scientific or public interest.

2. Due to remoteness of many areas of UFO sightings, tentative arrangements have been made to employ CRT aircraft and crews to move these people to and from the AF installation nearest to the point of sighting. Further support required will be provided by that installation as outlined in AFR 200-2 dated 5 February 1958.

3. It has been determined that TDY costs to support this investigative force will run in the order of $5000.00 per annum. (See basis for estimate attached hereto). These funds should be programmed and allocated as a separate entity to the Aerial Phenomena Group in support of the UFO Program. In this regard the Aerial Phenomena Group is attempting to compile valid cost data pertaining to overall USAF support of the UFO Program as stipulated in AFR 200-2. Such cost data obtained from all participating agencies plus ATIC will be used to force a decision on just how far the Air Force should go in the UFO Program when compared to all other programs essential to Air Force defense of the nation.

4. It is desired that you advise on the amount of TDY funds which could be made available in support of this program during the 3rd and 4th quarters of FY1959 and what if any problems you envision in allocating $5000.00 for support of this program during FY1960.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
WILLIAM E. BOWN
COLONEL, USAF
DIRECTOR OF ATIC

DD FORM 96    REPLACES NME FORM 6, OCT 48, WHICH MAY BE USED


- page 10 -

BASIS OF ESTIMATE

TDY TRAVEL OF UFO
VOLUNTEER INVESTIGATIVE GROUP

Persons involved    - 20
Trips per person    - 5
per year

Trips per annum     100

Estimated days per trip   3
Total days TDY per annum  300

TDY costs at $12.00 per day            $3,600.00

Miscellaneous costs due to remote nature
of many areas of sightings - includes
reimbursable telephone costs, unforeseen
commercial travel in area of sighting, etc.   1,400.00

Total cost per annum                   $5,000.00


- page 11 -

DOCUMENT RECEIPT

Date Dispatched: 18 Dec 1958

From: AFCIN-4E4

Folder containing following classified and unclassified material:

T58-33342 (S) Memo for Comdr, 17 Dec 58 (1-6p) Subj: (U) UFO Program, Cy Nr. 1 w/6 Incl

Incl #1 - (S) Memo to AGS/I (Draft) untd (1-5p) Subj: UFO Program (T58-33143) Cy Nr. 1 w/1 Incl
#1 - (S) T58-33345, Draft of proposed message (1-2p)
Cy Nr. 1

Incl #2 - (C) DF to AFCIN-4A,B,C,D,E,F,X4,X2, untd Subj: Support of the UFO Program
Incl #3 - (C) DF to AFCIN-4X4, untd, Subj: UFO Program w/1 Uncl Incl
Incl #4 - Uncl DF to 495
Incl #5 - (C) DF to AFCIN-4X6, untd, Subj: UFO Program w/1 Uncl Incl
Incl #6 - (C) Ltr to Comdr, WPAFD, 17 Dec 58, Subj: UFO Program

Tab A - Conf List of UFO Organizations
Tab B - Uncl Fitzgerald Report
Tab C - Uncl Cy of Ltr
Tab D - News Release (U)
Tab E - Uncl Training Program
Tab F - Uncl Basis of Estimate
Tab G - Conf Memo for the Record, 16 Dec 58 re UFO meeting

AF FORM 15 JUN 56 310a REPLACES AF FORM 693 WHICH MAY BE USED AND DD FORM 646 WHICH IS OBSOLETE IN THE USAF


- page 12 -

DRAFT

UNCLASSIFIED
17 December 1958

SUBJECT: (U) UFO Program

TO: Commander
ATTN: Brig. General Howe
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

1. In accordance with the provisions of AFR 200-2 dated 5 February 1958, Subject: Unidentified Flying Objects, this Center is charged with scientifically and technically analyzing and evaluating all reports of UFO's. Additionally we are allowed to make such primary and supplementary field investigations as are necessary to establish the facts from which an adequate analysis and evaluation can be made.

2. Certain shortcomings in investigative endeavors during the past year have made it necessary to establish a group of some 18-20 specially trained and equipped investigators from personnel resources presently available to ATIC. These people will be held in ready reserve and moved into the field on fairly short notice to assist in, or conduct, investigation of those sightings of particular public or scientific interest.

3. Due to the difficulty in rapidly reaching certain USAF facilities by commercial means, and stringent limitations which have been imposed on TDY travel funds this year, I find it necessary to seek out those other possible means of transport which would offer some possibility in support of the UFO investigative program.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Specifically we would like to make maximum use of CRT aircraft and crews for delivery and pick up of an occasional 1-2 investigators to Air Force installations in the ZI. Under AFR 200-2 the AF installation nearest the point of UFO sighting will provide further support required from there.

4. Past experience has shown that the bulk of our most critical sightings have taken place in the Northeast portion of the United States. It is envisioned that a maximum of 50 delivery and pick up flights would occur during any given year or roughly four per month. Distances should normally not exceed 6-800 miles each way.

5. We have tentatively established a project nick-named "Horse Fly" which will have to do with movement of investigators to and from points of interest. That nick-name would be used in any request for military CRT aircraft associated with UFO investigations.

6. With your concurrence I would like very much to have Colonel L. T. Glaser of our Air Science Division brief you further on the needs of our UFO program. This we will do at your convenience. After such a briefing I would be interested in knowing your views relative to amount and priority of support we may expect to obtain through the local CRT media.

CHARLES B. DOUGHER
Major General, USAF
Commander

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 14 -

UNCLASSIFIED

UFO ORGANIZATIONS AND CLUES IN THE UNITED STATES

1. Aerial Phenomena Research Organization
$3.00 per year

2. Borderline Sciences Research Associates
Supposedly non-profit. Has bi-monthly publication.

3. Celestial Vehicle Investigation Committee
Little known re this organization.

4. Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects
Publication 50¢ monthly. Claims 5000 members.
(Stringfield's organization)

5. Civilian Saucer Intelligence
Membership $1.00. Dues 50¢ for bulletin

6. Civilian Saucer Investigation
Quarterly bulletins - 50¢ per copy

7. College of Universal Wisdom
Religious fanatical. Bi-monthly publication $1.50 per copy.

8. Cup and Saucer Net
Little known re this organization.

9. Detroit Astronomical Society
Little known re this organization.

10. Essenes of Kosmon
Religious fanatical. Monthly report 50¢ per copy.

11. Extra-Terrestrial Research Organization
Claims to be non-profit.

12. Fate Magazine (Club)
Monthly magazine 35¢ per copy.

13. Flying Saucer Club of Detroit
Claims membership of over 2000.

14. Flying Saucer Investigative Associates
Little known re this organization

15. Flying Saucer International
Los Angeles organization. Claims 10,000 membership.
Monthly report 25¢

Classification Cancelled
(or changed to)
By
Date

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 15 -

UNCLASSIFIED

16. Flying Saucer News
$2.00 per year subscription.

17. Flying Saucer Researchers
Subscription and 5 copies $1.00. 700 members

18. Flying Saucer Research Society
Little known re this organization

19. Fortean Society
Oldest society. Philosophical and metaphysical.

20. Gravity Foundation
Little known, but active.

21. Great Lakes UFO Association
Little known. Attempting to organize better

22. Holloway School of Philosophy, Health and Religion
4 publications from 50¢ to $1.00

23. International Flying Saucer Bureau
Very little known

24. Interplanetary News Digest
South California group. Little known.

25. Library Research Group
Little known, but active

26. Little Listening Post
Little known

27. Orgone Energy Institute (W. Reich Foundation)
Director now before Supreme Court for defrauding Government.

28. The 71 Research Association
Headed by individual claiming trip in flying saucer.

29. Saucer and Unexplained Celestial Events Research Society
Little known

30. Saucer Research Foundation of Los Angeles
Little known

31. Saucer Phenomena and Celestial Enquiry
Little known

32. Saucer Sentinel
Little known

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 16 -

UNCLASSIFIED

33. Spheres, Incorporated (Los Angeles)
    Rabble rousing type of organization

34. The Roundhouse
    Little known, but active.

35. UFO Research Organization
    Claim to be scientists, but indicates low-level of education.

36. Waterbury Saucer Center
    Publisher of (extremely sensational) quarterly, 50¢ per copy.

37. Mixels Labs of the Chemicraft Science
    Claims to be non-profit

38. Space Observers League
    Newly formed. Little Known

39. Flying Saucer Council of America
    Claims 2000 members.

40. Amarillo Flying Saucer Sighting Center
    Newly formed

41. Saucer Research Bureau
    Little known re this organization

42. Telonic Research Center
    Quarterly bulletin 50¢ issue

43. Satellite Science
    Membership $2.00 per year.

44. Institute of Interplanetary Arts & Sciences
    The Director of this impressive sounding organization
    is not a scientist but a night watchman!!

45. UFO Research Council
    Have written to President Eisenhower. Active but few details.

46. NICAP (National Investigative Committee on Aerial Phenomena)
    Cleverly organized. Man "behind the scenes" is Keyhoe.
    Soliciting well-known personalities as members.

47. Pacific Lemurian Society. Founder and Director -W. Gordon Allen
    Periodicals: "Space-Craft Digest"

48. National Committee for Investigation of UFO's
    Director - K. T. Pflock

49. Saucer Research Bureau of Rockville Center, N. Y.
    DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS.
    DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
    DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 17 -

UNCLASSIFIED

FOREIGN CIVILIAN UFO ORGANIZATIONS

1. Australian Flying Saucer Investigating Committee
Australia

2. Australian Flying Saucer Bureau
Australia

3. British Flying Saucer Bureau
England

4. Civilian Saucer Investigation
New Zealand

5. Civilian Saucer Investigation of New Zealand
New Zealand

6. Flying Saucer Club
England

7. Flying Saucer Investigation Club
New Zealand

8. Flying Saucer Investigators
New Zealand

9. Flying Saucer Club of Umtali
Rhodesia

10. Hamilton Flying Saucer Investigation Society
New Zealand

11. Interplanetary Research Group
Tasmania

12. New Zealand Interplanetary Society
New Zealand

13. Ouvenos Societe
France

14. Rader
France

15. South Australia Branch of the Australian Flying Saucer Bureau
Australia

16. Wigan Flying Saucer Club
England

17. Flying Saucer Society
Brazil

18. CIOVI - Center for Investigating Unidentified Flying Objects
Uruguay

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 5 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10


- page 18 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small "B" label on the right side of the page.


- page 19 -

The page appears to be blank except for two hole punches at the top of the page and a small label with the letter "C" on the right side of the page. No text is visible.


- page 20 -

Mansfield, Ohio
RFD #3
Sept. 22, '58

Mrs. William H. Fitzgerald,
934 East Drive.,
Sheffield Lake, Ohio

Dear Madam,

The report of your unusual sighting has been noted in this morning's Cleveland Plane Dealer. I am a private researcher in the field of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO's) and have many questions in my mind to ask you but will direct this note to just one problem.

Our studies have indicated that some people have had their eyes strained or hurt as well as other physical ailments which presumable resulted from observing UFO's at close range and for an extended period of time. However, you viewed the object only a short time and it is suspected and hoped that you will suffer no ill effects. However, if you have any aftereffects at all, I am suggesting that you secure the immediate services of a Doctor. If you then end can secure an affidavit that your ailment is due to the viewing of a UFO this can be of great protection and value to the American people.

Our trouble, Madam, is that you and my government tries to tell us that UFO's do not exist,- or that you saw nothing. We know better, and we do know that this situation is not a desirable one. Hence, our efforts at present is directed to securing any lever to pry open the truth from our government departments, primarily the Air Force and the Defense Departments. Such an affidavit that I have suggested could be of utmost value.

Too, if you wish I would like to know if any government agent covered your vicinity with a geiger counter.

Most sincerely,
/s/ Dan E. Haber
Dan E. Haber

C
O
P
Y


- page 21 -

The only text I can see in this image is a small label with the letter "D" on a tag or marker on the right side of the document. The rest of the page appears to be a blank white or off-white document page with two hole punches at the top.


- page 22 -

UNCLASSIFIED

18 December 1958

MEMORANDUM FOR THE COMMANDER, AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER

THRU: AFCIN-4E
AFCIN-4X1

(U) UFO Program

1. The attached study summarizes the UFO problem in ATIC as we see it. Even though responsibilities in this program are well defined the scope of the operation seems to have grown topsy rather than design. The fact that the USAF has the only governmentally sanctioned activity engaged in UFO analysis and evaluation, brings us reports from all over the world - including some countries behind the Iron Curtain. This fact plus the amount of public interest involved essentially places ATIC in a rather uncomfortable focal position.

2. For those reasons indicated above we must I believe, lay on the line certain shortcomings of the program and request those actions necessary to make the USAF position a defensible one. If Headquarters cannot approve those nominal things that we ask for then, at least we may force a decision on how much of the taxpayers' money should be spent on this program, or cause other action to be taken against questionable UFO organizations to reduce the scope of USAF activity.

3. The approval of program outlined in basic study is recommended.

1 Incl
Folder containing
classified UFO
material

LEONARD T. GLASER
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4E4

Classification Cancelled
DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS,
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

Page 1 of 1 Pages
By 1 of 1 Cys


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

NEWS RELEASE
PLEASE NOTE DATE

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
OFFICE OF PUBLIC INFORMATION
Washington 25, D. C.

IMMEDIATE RELEASE                October 6, 1958                NO. 986-58
                                                                LI 5-6700 Ext. 75131

FACT SHEET

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT "UNKNOWNS"
STILL BELOW 2 PERCENT IN LATEST 1270 CASES

According to latest information tabulated by Air Force authorities charged with investigation of Unidentified Flying Objects, 1270 new UFO reports were investigated during the period July 1, 1957 through July 31, 1958. More than 84 percent of the reported UFO sightings were definitely established as natural phenomena, hoaxes, birds, or man-made objects. Insufficient data was available to thoroughly analyze and evaluate 14 percent of the reports and less than 2 percent were classified as unknowns.

Although investigations were completed on these "unknown" cases without positive or final conclusions, nothing was found to substantiate any claims that such sightings were interplanetary visitors, or so-called "Flying Saucers".

A sighting is considered unknown when the report contains sufficient information to draw at least one valid conclusion from the facts available but when the description of the reported object or its movements cannot be related to the norm. Refinements in Air Force investigative processes, however, have resulted in a steady decline in the number of UFO reports placed in this category. During the early months of the Air Force's investigation, some 20 percent of the reports were classified as unknown. These unknowns were reduced to 9 percent in 1953 and 1954, 3 percent in 1955, and 1.8 percent during the first six months of this year. It is believed that specific conclusions could be drawn for all reports if additional observational data were provided by individuals originating these reports. Also, the Air Force believes that there will always be a small number of unknowns due to high altitude phenomena which are strange to the untrained eye.

The 1270 new reports during the past thirteen months increases the total Air Force investigations conducted since June 1947 to more than 6,000.

All investigations of reported unusual aerial objects are conducted by the U.S. Air Force Air Defense Command personnel. These reports are reviewed by a select scientific advisory group at the Air Technical Intelligence Center which analyzes and evaluates, by scientific means, all information assembled by investigative teams.

MORE

[Handwritten note at bottom: TAB D]


- page 24 -

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Professor of Astrophysics and Astronomy at Ohio State University, at the Order Scientific Consultant to the Air Force on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects

His services and those of other eminently qualified civilian scientists are utilized if deemed necessary by the Air Force to further its investigation of individual cases or to perform detailed studies of the general subject. As an example, a panel of scientists consultants was called upon by the Air Force in 1953 to make an over-all examination of investigative procedures and findings on specific reports.

The panel said at that time "the evidence presented on UFOs showed no indication that these phenomena constitute a direct threat to national security." Further there was no "residuum of cases which indicates phenomena which are attributable to foreign artifacts capable of hostile acts." The panel concluded that "national security agencies should take immediate steps to strip the Unidentified Flying Objects of the special status they have been given and the aura of mystery they have unfortunately acquired."

In line with this recommendation, the Air Force periodically has made available through the national press and radio-television agencies, information on investigations and findings pertaining to cases which have received national attention. Only in a few instances were sighting reports classified to keep from compromising some elements in our Air Defense System, and no reports of sightings have been classified because they contain some authentic proof or even reasonable inferences that UFOs were real. Moreover, there are no Air Force documents which prove the existence of flying saucers or show that the earth is being observed, visited or threatened by machines from other planets.

However, because of limited personnel resources and to preclude possible embarrassment to individuals who have assisted Air Force investigations or who have originated reports later found to be erroneous, the Air Force does not honor individual requests for detailed analyses of specific cases.

A tabulation and evaluation of UFO report statistics follows:

1. The following represent the results of the evaluation of world-wide UFO reports investigated, processed and analyzed during the period July 1, 1957 through December 31, 1957, under pertinent categories:

UFO Report Evaluations -- By Category and Percentage Breakdown:
Total Reports 928

Balloons............................................. 143   15.41
Aircraft............................................ 214   23.06
Astronomical....................................... 265   28.56
Others (Hoax Lights, Birds etc.).................. 152   16.38
Insufficient Data................................. 139   14.98
Unknown............................................ 15     1.61
Sum Total......................................... 928   100.00

-2-
MORE


- page 25 -

2. The following represents the results of the evaluation of world-wide UFO reports investigated, processed and analyzed during the period January 1, 1958 through July 31, 1958, under pertinent categories:

UFO Report Evaluations -- By Category and Percentage
Breakdown:
Total Reports 342

Balloons..................................................... 51     14.9
Aircraft....................................................... 76     22.2
Astronomical.................................................. 89     26.0
Others (Hoax, Lights, Birds, etc.)........................... 72     21.1
Insufficient Data............................................. 48     14.0
Unknown........................................................ 6      1.8
Sum Total.....................................................342    100.0

3. UFO Evaluations -- Category Breakdown by Months: July 1957 - July 1958

                Balloons A/C   Astro   Other   Insuf Data   Unknown
July             16    26      27      6       9           1
Aug.             18    29      27      9      17           1
Sept.            15    10       8     18       8           2
Oct.             25    19      37     17      13           3
Nov.             49   105     112     74      70           4
Dec.             20    25      74     28      22           4
Jan.              5    13      18     11       9           -
Feb.              7    11      15      9       5           1
March             7     3      13     13       8           1
April             7    17      12     10       8           1
May               7     8       9      7       4           1
June              5    16       9      8       4           1
July             11    16      12     14       8           1
Totals          194   290     353    224     185          21

END

-3-


- page 26 -

There is very little text on this page. The only visible text is the letter "E" on a small tag or label in the bottom right corner of the document. The page appears to be mostly blank with two small holes at the top of the page.


- page 27 -

TRAINING PROGRAM
(UFO INVESTIGATOR)
(20 Hours)

1. Introduction                                                3 Hours
   a. Background and History of the UFO Program                1
   b. Philosophy                                               1
   c. Public Relations                                         1

2. Investigation                                               3 Hours
   a. Procedures
   b. Techniques

3. Interrogation                                               3 Hours
   a. Philosophy
   b. Procedure
   c. Techniques
   d. Psychology

4. Equipment                                                   6 Hours
   a. Geiger Counter                                           2
      1. Purpose
      2. Method of Operation
      3. Operation
   b. Camera                                                   1
      1. Purpose
      2. Operation
   c. Compass                                                  45 Minutes
      1. Purpose
      2. Operation
   d. Binoculars                                               15 Minutes
      1. Purpose
      2. Operation
   e. Misc. Equipment                                          1
      1. Purpose

5. General Information                                         3 Hours
   a. Astronomy
   b. Balloons
   c. Satellites
   Etc.

6. Reporting                                                   1 Hours

7. Summary                                                     1 Hour

TAG E


- page 28 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small "F" label in the bottom right corner.


- page 29 -

BASIS OF ESTIMATE

TDY TRAVEL OF UFO
VOLUNTEER INVESTIGATIVE GROUP

Persons involved     - 20
Trips per person     - 5
per year

Trips per annum                  100

Estimated days per trip           3
Total days TDY per annum         300

TDY costs at $12.00 per day      $3,600.00

Miscellaneous costs due to remote nature
of many areas of sightings - includes
reimbursable telephone costs, unforeseen
commercial travel in area of sighting, etc.   1,400.00

Total cost per annum             $ 5,000.00

TAG F


- page 30 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two small holes at the top for filing or binding, and a small "G" marked in the bottom right corner.


- page 31 -

UNCLASSIFIED

16 December 1958
Classification Cancelled

MEMORANDUM FOR THE RECORD

1. At 1300 hours this date, a meeting was held in the Air Science Division regarding the feasibility of establishing a volunteer force of UFO investigators from existing ATIC resources. Persons in attendance at this meeting were:

Colonel L. T. Glaser - AFCIN-484
Major R. J. Friend - AFCIN-484
Captain T. C. James - AFCIN-4Xc
Captain E.R. Martin - AFCIN-4X5b
CWO W.T. Thomas - AFCIN-4X4a
Mr. R. E. Hawes - AFCIN-4X4b

2. Colonel Glaser briefed all conferees on present shortcomings within the UFO Program as outlined under the provisions of Air Force Regulation 200-2. He then revealed to the conferees the essence of our proposed plan for improving reports and investigations within the overall UFO Program.

3. CWO Thomas indicated that he could foresee no particular difficulty in obtaining necessary volunteers to carry out our proposed program, provided that the people were sufficiently briefed on shortcomings within the UFO Program and the need for further ATIC participation in this program. Mr. Hawes could foresee no particular difficulty in setting up a twenty hour training program for UFO investigators provided he received the active support of the Aerial Phenomena Group. The main problem that he could see was one of scheduling which we all felt could be satisfactorily worked out once the program was approved. Captain Martin could foresee no particular difficulty in providing the basic equipment necessary for six flyaway kits of UFO investigative equipment. He indicated that due to lack of procurement money at this time we would of necessity have to provide standard Air Force stock equipment for these kits. Captain James indicated that the CRT aircraft situation was not too good at this time and that we could anticipate some difficulty because of the number of pilots to be serviced by the few aircraft available. Nevertheless he felt that some support could be obtained through CRT channel, provided that the necessary Command approval was obtained, and provided that our requirements were made known to the Base Commander of Wright Patterson Air Force Base. In this regard he indicated that we would probably be able to move a lot faster if we could provide necessary money for commercial transportation. He pointed out that in view of the nominal nature of the program being proposed and the present limitations on TDY funds, this would probably not be an acceptable solution at this time and that our only recourse for a nominal program would probably be to make the best use that we could of CRT capability.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 32 -

UNCLASSIFIED

4. This meeting adjourned at 1420 hours this date.

LEONARD T. GLASER
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-484

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 33 -

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

17 December 1958

AFCIN-4E4

MEMORANDUM FOR COMMANDER, AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
THRU: AFCIN-4E
        AFCIN-4X1

SUBJECT: UFO Program

1. After some four months of working with the UFO Program, as outlined in AFR 200-2, I find certain deficiencies in this Program which in my opinion must be corrected if we are to fulfill adequately those responsibilities assigned to ATIC.

2. In order to appreciate the deficiencies in the UFO Program as presently constituted, certain background facts are necessary. These are:
following:

a. AFR 200-2, dated 5 February 1958, essentially stipulates the

(1) The objectives of the UFO Program are to first, determine the possible threat of UFO's to the security of the United States and its forces; second, to determine the technical or scientific characteristics of any such UFO's; third, to explain or identify all UFO sightings.

(2) Reporting and investigation of UFO's is the responsibility of Commanders of the Air Force Base nearest the point of sighting as supplemented by the 1006th AISS.

(3) ATIC will analyze and evaluate all reports of UFO's emanating from the ZI and overseas areas. ATIC may independently, or in participation with pertinent USAF activities, conduct supplementary investigations.

(4) The Office of Information Services of the Secretary of the Air Force (SAFS) will handle public relations and press releases pertaining to the UFO Program. The Office of Legislative Liaison will handle Congressional inquiries. Both of these agencies look to ATIC for specific answers pertaining to sightings and evaluations thereof.

(5) Prompt reporting and rapid identification of UFO's is essential in the Air Force and public interest.

Page 1 of 6 Pages
cy 1 of 2 cys

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 34 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

2. b. During the year ending 1 November 1958, 1069 sightings of UFO's were reported to ATIC. One hundred and ten of these were foreign sightings leaving 959 reported within the ZI. Of these 959, approximately 20%, or 192, should have been investigated further by trained and equipped experts to remove them from the unknown or insufficient data category.

(Most I.D. or UNIX UFO's are classed as such only because specific data does not exist to classify them otherwise)

c. Forty-nine (49) UFO organizations (See Tab A) exist in the ZI in addition to many individual self-proclaimed experts whose affiliations or specific intentions are not clear. It is clear, however, that for various reasons these individuals and agencies such as NICAP, CSI, AFRO, etc., feel a need for, and do everything possible to discredit the Air Force, its investigations, and its ultimate evaluation of reported sightings. These organizations, and for the most part individuals, are well equipped, and do in fact conduct a very comprehensive, although biased, field investigation. These generally result in well documented reports which are used for their chosen purposes (See Tab B). Some, such as Mr. Haber (See Tab C) for reasons known only to him, take advantage of every opportunity to incite others.

d. The people reporting UFO's are for the most part honest American citizens ranging all the way from relatively uninformed men in the street to eminent authorities, such as Mr. Townsend, Assistant to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, who recently reported a sighting from the Washington, D.C. area. These people feel strongly about what they saw and normally report sightings in a strictly patriotic interest. A prompt investigation, sound analysis, and accurate report relating to what they saw leaves them with a feeling of pride in what they did and in the service that most concerned with their defense. A sloppy investigation, evaluation based upon inadequate facts, and subsequent effort to discredit this story makes them vulnerable to propaganda exposed by the various UFO organizations.

e. Some of the UFO organizations, such as NICAP, well know the deficiencies in the Air Force Program and take advantage of every opportunity to place us in a defensive position. In fact, it is understood that Captain Ruppelt, who was responsible for the ATIC part of the UFO Program from early 1951 until September 1953, is now affiliated with NICAP. In this organization alone ex-marine corps Major Kehoe, a political adventurist, and Captain Ruppelt, an ex-ATIC specialist, represent a formidable team from which plenty of trouble can be expected in the future. Both appear to be in the business for the money involved. Comparable conditions involving the eminent authorities of questionable intentions exist in other of the 49 UFO organizations.

3. In light of the background information provided above these deficiencies take on their proper meaning:

a. Investigations conducted by various Air Force installations in many cases (and particularly those claiming close observation or landing of UFO's) are inadequate to serve our needs for prompt and accurate evaluation. This is apparently so for these reasons:

UNCLASSIFIED
2


- page 35 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

3. a. (1) Due to knowledge of the official Air Force position that we have yet to uncover a specific threat from outer space (See Tab D) a degree of complacency has crept into the program resulting in something less than a positive, aggressive, approach to uncover the facts we so badly need to make prompt and comprehensive evaluations.

(2) As a result in part from the complacency indicated above, considerable time is lost in getting investigations under way, and all too frequently the investigation, once conducted and reported on, appears to have been performed by the most available individual without regard to his competence as an investigator, and ability to properly handle the public relations aspect so important to this program. We have in fact received reports where well skilled investigators, either private or affiliated with UFO organizations, have beat us to the scene, primed the key witnesses on what to say, and actually remained present during the investigations by Air Force representatives.

(3) As indicated in paragraph 2c above, many of the private and organized UFO investigators apparently in competition with the Air Force appear on the scene well equipped to conduct a field investigation. Invariably they have geiger counters, magnetometers and various sampling equipment with them and they use it. Not that this means much, but it is impressive to the uninitiated, and particularly so when the Air Force investigator later appears on the scene armed with nothing but a notebook and pencil for use in interrogating witnesses. Some basic factual information obtained from instrument readings would indeed be useful in many cases.

(4) Investigators selected apparently with some degree of random from Air Force installations, and in some cases obviously unskilled in conducting a comprehensive investigation, appear only too often to be guided merely by the questions posed in AFR 200-2. When these are answered they consider their job done without regard to the overall questions that must in the final analysis be answered. (i.e. - what was it? does it represent a threat? etc.)

(5) The final preparation and routing of investigative reports through devious command and mail channels is excruciatingly slow especially in those highly publicized cases wherein DOD starts getting inquiries for analysis type information as soon as public press, radio, and television releases have been made. In many cases in the past this pressure for information has built up to Congressional inquiries prior to ATIC having the basic information from which a decent appraisal of the sighting could be made.

(6) In numerous instances in the past UFO sightings that have drawn a great amount of public interest (have been publicized widely in the press, on radio, television, etc.) have never been officially reported to ATIC. Invariably it is this type of case that is used by the UFO organizations to point up the inadequacy of the job the Air Force is doing. Furthermore, they bring these same cases up time and time again in effort to force us to reveal our findings because they know full well that we have none. When a reply goes back that the particular case

UNCLASSIFIED

Page 3 of 4


- page 36 -

UNCLASSIFIED

cited has never been officially reported to the Air Force, it strengthens their case that they're doing a better job for the country than the Air Force supported by their taxes, and intimum.

4. The information and deficiencies outlined above appear pretty grim and they are. There is a solution, however, to our problem and I believe that it can be had by quite simply applying an aggressive approach, and by committing a nominal amount of resources to the job. Fundamentally, I believe that if we are going to properly fulfill ATIC's responsibility in the UFO Program in the public interest, then we must come up with scientifically valid facts which cannot be readily refuted. These should cover as many cases as possible, and particularly those of prime public interest. The following proposals are offered and discussed:

a. That we "fire up" the investigative and reporting action at base level through the medium of an all major commands message from Hq. USAF. This to:

(1) Reaffirm the urgency of prompt and adequate investigative and reporting action.

(2) Require official reporting and investigation of sightings announced by local press, radio, or television.

(3) Require use of basic assay type instrumentation in conduct of investigations.

(4) Advise of early distribution of investigative and interrogation SOF addendum to AFR 200-2 for use in conduct of field investigations.

b. That we address ourselves immediately to preparation of a comprehensive SOF which will properly guide otherwise unskilled investigators at base level in the proper conduct of a UFO type investigation. This to be distributed as an addendum to AFR 200-2 with local reproduction authorized.

c. That from presently available resources within ATIC we create a volunteer force of some 18-20 military personnel to aid in field investigation of the more critical UFO cases.

(1) We propose here to use company grade and non-commissioned officers who do not have much opportunity for TDY travel and field work during the course of their duties at ATIC. This group will be given a twenty hour course of instruction by our military training department under the overall guidance of the Aerial Phenomena Group of the Air Science Division, with emphasis on investigative and interrogative procedures and the proper use of equipment pertinent thereto (See Tab E).

(2) Two members of the ATIC UFO volunteer group will be placed on alert each week and will be on call for critical investigative work required during the week. Rotation of alert duty will be handled on a duty roster maintained by the Aerial Phenomena Group. It is estimated

UNCLASSIFIED

Page 4 of 12
1 of 2


- page 37 -

Here is the text from the document:

4. c. (2)
that each man may expect to investigate 5 cases per year. TDY will in
each case be for approximately 3 days.

(3) Approximately six sets of investigative equipment will
be made up into suit-case type flyaway kits. These will be kept in a
constant state of readiness by the Aerial Phenomena Group and will be
promptly issued to investigators for use in each case. These sets will
include the following items of equipment:

(a) Tape recorder.

(b) Assay type geiger counter.

(c) Camera and film.

(d) Transit or compass.

(e) Swipe test filter papers.

(f) Earth and swipe test sample containers.

(g) Binoculars.

(h) USC and GS maps of the area of interest.

(i) Interrogation and investigative SOPs.

(j) Necessary paper, pencils, etc.

(4) Orders for TDY travel will be initiated by the Aerial
Phenomena Group as required for travel of members of the volunteer group.
These orders will cite TDY funds which should be made available for sole
support of this program. Assuming primarily military air lift (see
following paragraph), and maximum support from nearest Air Force facili-
ties as stipulated in AFR 200-2, we estimate per annum TDY costs in sup-
port of this program at $5,000.00 (See Tab R for basis of estimate).
These funds should be programmed and made available directly to the
Aerial Phenomena Group in support of this program.

d. To keep costs down, and at the same time to allow prompt
movement to Air Force bases nearest to scene of critical sightings it
is proposed that a project nicknamed "Horse Fly" (akin to "Blue Fly")
be established. Essentially this project will provide for priority
movement of ATIC UFO investigators to nearest Air Force facilities using
CFN aircraft and pilots. Crew and aircraft will stand by for investiga-
tions taking less than one day. Return flights will pick up investiga-
tors where more than one day is required.

5. Due to the many ramifications of the program presented herein
a conference regarding feasibility was held on 16 December 1958 (See
Tab C). This meeting confirmed the feasibility of the program as out-

UNCLASSIFIED
5

Page 5 of 6
1 of 2 pgs


- page 38 -

UNCLASSIFIED

5.
lined provided proper command approval is obtained and resources committed
in support thereof.

6. Recommendations:

a. It is recommended that present deficiencies in the UFO
Program be corrected by adoption of the program outlined herein. Such
approval to be acknowledged by authentication of specific draft documents
attached as inclosures 1 through 6. These are:

(1) Specific request to AC/S/I for message from USAF to all
USAF commands regarding support of UFO Program as outlined in AFR 200-2.

(2) Approval of DF's to ATIC directors and separate staff
offices soliciting volunteers for UFO investigative group.

(3) Approval of DF to AFOIN-XX, establishing requirement
for training of volunteer group.

(4) Approval of DF to AFOIN-XX regarding equipment required
in support of UFO investigative program.

(5) Approval of DF to AFOIN-XX directing establishment of
program for and allocation of TDY funds in support of the UFO investigative effort.

(6) Approval of DF to Commander, Wright-Patterson AFB
requesting CRT support of the UFO investigative program.

6 Incls:

[Signature]
LEONARD T. GLASER
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-4E4

Classification Cancelled
(or changed to)
Auth.
By
Date

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
Page 6 of 6
By 1 of 2


- page 39 -

