PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
4 Jan 58 (2 sightings)

2. LOCATION
Tachikawa & Yokata AFB, JAP.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local DOT given by 1 obs
2150

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual   □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual     □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 or 3 secs
2 - 1 secs

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
down

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
1) Obj broke up, gave off smoke, changed Fm data given, obj appears to
brightness & shape. Flickered, Color have been a meteor.
of star at first, then turned green
just before disappearance. Seemed to
leave green & formed 12 ft in diameter.
2) Obj flickered, white to greenish
white, tear shape, size of quarter,
trail about 1/2 as long as main
obj.

11. COMMENTS
Fm data given, obj appears to
have been a meteor.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
☒ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 16 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

In the following exercise imagine that you are at the point marked "A" on the chart. "A" is on the curved line of the horizon (sky line) when you look toward the horizon (sky line). Imagine that you are standing on the horizon (sky line) when you last saw it.

[The rest of the first paragraph is partially illegible]

Some text in the middle section is also illegible due to the poor scan quality.

At the bottom of the page, there is a number: 16G162

The document contains diagrams with silhouettes of figures inside curved shapes or domes, with a fan-like graphic element in the top section of the page.


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

54. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

54.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thin or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

54.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Fog, mist, or light rain
b. Moderate or heavy rain
c. Storm
d. Don't remember

55. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Date fields are mostly illegible]

56. Any anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
[Response fields are mostly illegible]

57. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)
[Response fields are mostly illegible]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Response field appears to say "Meteor" but is partially obscured]

The bottom of the page has a number "11G162-1"


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the space of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    10 miles    Close

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Most personal details are blacked out]
Address:    Street:    4102 J
City:    Tachikawa City    State/Zone:

Educational Training:
a. Grade school:    Complete    Technical school:    Complete
b. High school:    Complete    Other training:
c. Post graduate:

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:    16 Jan    Signature:

At the bottom right of the page is a document number: 11162-B


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SINGLE PAGE)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space below. We are especially anxious that you observe: You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any comments that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation or in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if necessary.

[The rest of the handwritten text is too illegible to confidently transcribe.]

At the bottom right of the page, there is a number: 116-1162-4


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that we can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: / Month: 1 Year: 1958

2. Time of day: 2100
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. The place:
(Circle One) - Eastern
            Central
            Mountain
            Pacific
            Other: Tachikawa

(Circle One) - Daylight
             Dusk
             Starlight

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Tachikawa

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours: Minutes: Seconds:

6. Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

7. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight
             d. Dull twilight
             e. Just a trace of daylight
             f. Trace of darkness
             g. Don't remember

8. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, OR DAWN, where was the sun located?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right
             d. To your left
             e. Overhead
             f. Don't know

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (15 OCT 54)                                                                                 HG11162-10


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice:
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
    a. None
    b. A few
    c. Many
    d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. Bright, moonlight
    b. Dull moonlight
    c. No moonlight, pitch dark
    d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
    (Circle One)    a. Yes    b. No    c. Don't remember

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness:
    (Circle One)    a. Will continue away    b. Different way
                    b. Several miles away    c. Distant way
                    c. Block away
                    d. Several yards away    e. Other

11. Did the object:
    a. Appear suddenly
    b. Grow slowly
    c. Change brightness
    d. Change shape
    e. Flicker, throb, or pulsate

12. Did the object move behind something at anything, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One)    a. Yes    b. No    c. Don't know    If you answered YES, then...

13. Did the object move in front of something at anything, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One)    a. Yes    b. No    c. Don't know    If you answered YES, then...

14. Did the object appear:
    (Circle One)    a. Solid    b. Transparent    c. Don't know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
    a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
    b. Sunglasses    Yes    No
    c. Windshield    Yes    No
    d. Window        Yes    No

    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
    f. Telescope     Yes    No
    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
    h. Other         Yes    No


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
Shape: None
Color: White

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially estimate or give the trail. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple sketch of an object with an arrow is present]

18. Edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp

19. [Text is partially illegible, but appears to be asking about the direction of how they were arranged]

The document appears to be a UFO sighting report form with sections for describing an observed object.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects moved. Place on "X" at the beginning of the path, place an arrow showing direction of movement in the case of motion.

SURFACE OF EARTH

21. If POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length:
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Wo. Pea
c. Nickel
d. Half dol.

e. Silver dollar-
f. Baseball
g. Grapefruit
h. Basketball
i. Other

23. (Circle One):
a. Fairly certain b. Uncertain

25. How and the object or objects disappear from view? ABRUPTLY

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, would like for your to imagine that you could construct the object or objects you saw. Or what type pattern would it have? Or what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which would place what you saw in perspective.

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page]:
description after having the pilot I
have seen before


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

Where were you Located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other: Control Tower

Where were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section
of a city
b. In the residential section
of a city
c. In open countryside
d. Flying near an airAFB
e. Flying over a city
f. Flying over open country
g. Other: SAME AS ABOVE

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? (Write fully)
Turned in that direction to see what was happening near the AIRPLANE PARKING AREA

28. If you were BEING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then:
a. Approximate direction were you going? (Circle One)
    a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when last saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), say to estimate: the number of degrees of object's position from true North (direction)

31.1 When it first appeared:
    a. From the North: 30 degrees
    b. From horizon: 40 degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
    a. From true North: 30 degrees
    b. From horizon: degrees


- page 10 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Page 6

In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown.
Placed in "U" or the curved line to show how the object
moved, the horizon (ground line) will appear to you to be curved
on the same curved line to show how high the object appears
the horizon (skyline) than you last saw it.

[The rest of the text is too illegible to confidently transcribe.]

The document contains diagrams showing curved horizons and silhouettes of a figure against circular or semicircular backgrounds, with annotations about perspective and movement.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Notes                                                   UNCLASSIFIED                                   04/2804

Japan                                                   IR 653-SP

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Date of Info    Central Honshu                          1 Jan 58
Date of Report                                          10 Jan 58

Source          6004th Air Intel Sv Sq                  14 Feb 58

ANTHONY J. DE VINA, Capt. USAF                         EVALUATION

USAF Personnel                                          E-6

BAIR 460T                                               604th AISS IR 652-58

SUBJECT (Descriptive Title, Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO))

SUMMARY (Give name, which highlights the significant facts in the report. Begin narrative text on UFO line)

1. This report contains information concerning the sighting of an
unidentified flying object at TACHIKAWA AIR and KOTA AB on 1 Jan 58.

APPROVED:

[Signature of Frank L. Dunn, Colonel, USAF]

Incls:
1. ATIC Form 164
2. ATIC Form 164
3. ID Form 54C (Tachikawa)
4. Overlay of search area                               W/O INCL
                                                        4BI

[Distribution list partially visible at bottom of page]

The document is marked UNCLASSIFIED and appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report about an unidentified flying object sighting in Japan on 1 January 1958.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. Calm
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong fire
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Fog, mist, or light rain
b. Moderate or heavy rain
c. Snow
d. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. Where did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Partially illegible, some text appears to be written but not fully readable]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 If you answered Yes, did they see the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered Yes, then where, when, and under what circumstances did you see your other object?
[Lines left blank]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten response: "No Opinion"]


- page 13 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

If you answered YES, then how would you estimate: 2600

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was: 15-20 Miles from

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
RANK: [Redacted]
Last Name: [Redacted] First Name: [Redacted] Middle Name: [Redacted]

ADDRESS: A.A. 48 Sqdn. ATC 6523
Street: [Redacted] City: [Redacted] Zone: [Redacted] State: [Redacted]

TELEPHONE: [Redacted]

Date of Birth: 30 Jan 47 Place of Birth: Central Town, Conn.

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade School
b. High School
c. College: Yes
d. Post Graduate

e. Technical School: 1970
f. Other Special Training: [Illegible]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 10 Feb 1952


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space at end of description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already event in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, state manner of observation that you believe are important. If possible give details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages or the same size may be attached if needed.

NAME: [Blacked out] (Please Print) CODE: [Blacked out] (Do Not Write In This Space)

SIGNATURE: [Blacked out]
DATE: 10 January 1958

[Handwritten text below, partially legible]:
When I first saw it at about... [rest of text difficult to fully discern]
already moving... path of proj... & direction... which was on a particular... damaged direction... Object was at... round deep shape longer took down and became about 3 times as long as wide... Color was very bright of greenish white... this and held an exhaust or tail about... as near object... Disappeared quickly... in what to believe was...

[Bottom of page has some additional handwritten text that is partially illegible]


- page 15 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Top of document is mostly illegible]

[Midway down the page, partially readable text includes:]

Capt. Schomburg, 4117 ABO AF 24 1st Lt
[Several lines of text are partially obscured or illegible]

[Lower portion of document contains more readable text:]

Information was called to the central C
AACS MSgt into information received from
the O/M Police that the O/M Police while
assigned to the Misawa Police Dept [partially illegible]
observed a falling object into [illegible]
which appeared to be a white hue and
N-E by N at last direction

[Bottom of document:]

DD FM 550

The image is a black and white scanned document with a grid-like format, typical of military or government report forms. The text is faded and partially obscured, making complete OCR challenging.


- page 16 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with text that is somewhat difficult to read due to the image quality. Some parts of the text are legible, but many sections are blurry or faded. At the bottom of the document, I can clearly see "DD 181.560" printed.

The document seems to be a form or report with multiple rows and columns, typical of military or administrative paperwork from the 1950s. However, due to the poor image quality, I cannot confidently transcribe most of the text without risking inaccuracy.

The document appears to be related to Tachikawa and Yokata Air Force Bases, as suggested by the filename you provided, but I cannot confirm specific details from this image.


- page 17 -

Legible text on the image:

ALL ELEVATION IN METERS CONVERTED FROM FATHOMS

The rest of the document appears to be a graph or chart with wavy lines, but the details are difficult to discern due to the poor image quality and high contrast black and white scan.


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II                                                UNCLASSIFIED
                                                                    (U CLASSIFICATION)

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
600l4th Air Intel Sv Sq                                 IR 653-58                                PAGE    2    OF    3    PAGES

                        UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (FCO)

1.  This report was prepared by personnel of the Air Technical Intelligence
Section, 600lth AISS, in accordance with AFR 200-2, dated 12 August 1951, and
contains information concerning the sighting of an unidentified flying object in
the vicinity of TACHIKAWA AIR BASE AND YOKOTA AIR BASE on 4 January 1958.

2.  For information referred to in AIR 200-2, paragraphs 7d (1), (2), (3), (4)
and (6) see Incls 1, 2 and 3.

3.  AFR 200-2, paragraph 7d (5):
    a.  TACHIKAWA AIR BASE, SHIMAZAKICHO, CENTRAL HONSHU, JAPAN (35N/N/1392E).
        GEOREF - XUJ01224.
    b.  YOKOTA AIR BASE, FUSAMACHI, CENTRAL HONSHU, JAPAN (35N/N/1392E).
        GEOREF - XJF01L??.
    c.  Minami Police Box, SUNAGAWA-MURA, JAPAN (35N/N/1321E).

4.  AFR 200-2, paragraph 7d (7):
    a.  Surface winds calm.
        (1)  At 6,000 feet, 16 knots from 320 degrees (true).
        (2)  At 10,000 feet, 14 knots from 310 degrees (true).
        (3)  At 15,000 feet, 30 knots from 290 degrees (true).
        (4)  At 20,000 feet, 45 knots from 280 degrees (true).
        (5)  At 30,000 feet, 72 knots from 280 degrees (true).
        (6)  At 50,000 feet, 87 knots from 270 degrees (true).
        (7)  At 40,700 feet, 87 knots from 090 degrees (true).
    b.  Ceiling, 15,000.
    c.  Visibility, 7 miles.
    d.  Cloud cover, two-tenths, scattered.
    e.  No thunderstorms.

5.  AFR 200-2, paragraph 7d (8):  Negative.

6.  AFR 200-2, paragraph 7d (9): 1227th AACS, MAPG, AACS DET (YOKOTA) and not
a radar installation of the object.

7.  AFR 200-2, paragraph 7d (10):
    a.  C-121 landing at TACHIKAWA AB 1310Z, 3 January 1958.

[BOTTOM OF PAGE CONTAINS A STANDARD CLASSIFICATION AND TRANSMISSION WARNING]


- page 19 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: 6006th Air Intel Sv Sq    REPORT NO. IR 653-58    PAGE 3 OF 3    PAGES 3

1. Due to the presence of fifteen (15) active military and civil airfields in this area, monitoring of air activity was waived on the grounds of inordinate time constraints.

2. AF 200-2, paragraph 7d (12):
    a. Preparing Officer, CIC, Air Technical Intelligence Section, 6006th AISS. Sighted object could possibly be a meteor or other meteorological phenomena. All civil information pertaining to meteors is forwarded to the Continental Astronomical, Civil Twilight (COA TE NOx GAKKAI) at Kanaya, Arita-gun, Wakayama-ken. This society publishes a monthly magazine on meteors, stars, etc., and includes sightings by amateur and professional astronomers in Japan. Published data is usually two months old. Another report dealing with UFOs is the UFOB Research Group (UFOB KENKYU CHOSA IINKAI), Box 35, Isogo Post Office, Yokohama.

3. AF 200-2, paragraph 7d (12):
    a. Physical search of the area failed to reveal evidence of object striking the earth.
    b. Checks with police stations, residents of the area and hunters indicated negative sightings.
    c. See Incl 1 for overlay of search area.

10. AF 200-2, paragraph 8: Negative.

11. For supplemental information on UFOB activities of this organization, refer to 6006th AISS 125 6557-57 and 56-58.

[Signature]
ARTHUR M. PHILLIPS
Capt, USAF
IC, MTI Section

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page]
Strange! Japan is cross-country with controllers c/c traffic. Pana over and over - that is, partly at night seems - UFOs - let up yet 2 jets in traffic - close to air traffic - rather with for confirmation. Yet I believe us how in the 21 to tell how I felt. Then - experience with

[Unclassified marking at bottom of page]


- page 20 -

AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the Air Force accurate information concerning the unidentified aerial object that you have observed. Please answer as completely as possible. The information will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions or publications without your permission. If additional space is needed, attach separate sheets. We request this personal information so that if deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
4 July 1956
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:
(Circle One)

3. Where were you when you saw the object?
NORTH TACHIKAWA TEST CENT.

4. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5. Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are to Question 4:
a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One):
a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DARK, from what direction did you first see the sun?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you   b. To your right   c. To your left   d. Overhead   e. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (15 OCT 54)


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS:
8.17 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky:
(Circle One):
a. Yes
b. No
c. Don't remember

10. If it was BRIGHTER THEN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One):
a. Mile or more away (distant car)
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other:

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up or slow down?
c. Dive toward ground?
d. Emit smoke?
e. Change heading?
f. Glide, shrob, or pulsate?

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud:
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud:
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):
a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other

Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No


- page 22 -

16. Tell me a few words about the following things about the object:

Sound: [partially illegible text]

Color: [partially illegible text]

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object in object, and include in your picture any details of the object. Then you can use wingprotrusions, etc., and describe briefly characteristics of trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[There appears to be a hand-drawn sketch of an object with some annotations, but the details are very faint]

18. The size of the object were:

[Partially filled out section with options like "Like a blime", "Larger before", "Sharply outlined", etc.]

19. [This section is mostly illegible due to poor image quality]

The document appears to be a UFO sighting report form with various sections for describing an observed object, but much of the text is difficult to read clearly.


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion then the object or objects made. Place on the beginning of the path an "X" to indicate the point of observation and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. If POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension: [partially illegible text follows]

22. How large and the object or objects appears as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and about arm's length:
(Circle One):
a. Head of pin
b. Dime
c. Nickel
d. Quarter
e. Half dollar

f. Silver dollar
g. Baseball
h. Grape fruit
i. Basketball
j. Other

22a. (Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just guessing

22b. How did the object or objects disappear from view? [appears to be partially obscured]

23. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, would you tell for your own satisfaction what you could compare the object to? Or what type materials would you make it of? How large would it be? Let us have a description. Describe in your own words. Common objects or specific things which might help us understand the general appearance of the object which you saw. [rest of text partially obscured and difficult to read clearly]

At the bottom of the page is a number: 116163


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside building
b. In car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section
b. In charge
c. In the residential section
d. In open country
e. Flying near ground
f. Flying over a city
g. Flying over open country
h. Other

27. Please describe what you were doing at the time you saw the object and tell what happened. (Attach extra sheet if necessary)

28. If you were in AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
a. Direction were you moving (Circle One)
    North    East    South    West
    Northeast    Southeast    Southwest    Northwest

29. Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

30. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
    North    East    South    West
    Northeast    Southeast    Southwest    Northwest

31. a. If you are familiar with bearing (angular direction), estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees in was upward from the horizon (elevation)

31.1 When it first appeared:
    a. From the North 240 mile degrees
    b. From horizon 25 degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
    a. From true North 275 mile degrees
    b. From horizon 10 degrees

The bottom of the page has a number: 116162-5


- page 25 -

