PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
15 April 1958

2. LOCATION
Jutland, Denmark

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local ________
GMT _______ not reported

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
X Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
not reported

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Big black low flying object described as a spaceship by woman observer. White and yellow circle on spaceship which seemed to move and as it flew over, there were horseshoes shapes lights emitting strong lights. At another location about 20 witnesses saw triangular shaped object at the same time. One of these described it as a sea of flames.

11. COMMENTS
Since reported from various other parts of Denmark, it is possible that this was a meteor sighting. However, duration and flight not indicated and cause is considered as insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
X Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO. CASE                                                                      10 21 APRIL 1958                                                 ADD COMMENTS IN REX

(UNCLASSIFIED)

4925th Test Squadron (Develop)
Hq USAF (AFCIN-4B2)                                                           23 May 1958
Mid-1st and Air Force Base, New Mexico

SUBJECT: Rpt loss of Information Ltr in Unidentified Flying
          Object Sightings for Civilian Analysis and Possible
          Publication

FROM:    Commander
          4925th Test Squadron (Development)
          Hirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico

TO:      Office of Information Services (AFCIN)
          Secretary of the Air Force
          Washington 25, D.C.

1. In accordance with paragraph 3, AFR 200-2, dated 5 February
1958, I herewith submit available information for civilian analysis
and possible publication, re Unidentified Flying Object sighting
reported to the 4925th Ground Observer Corps Station, Air Force
Filter Center (9th Air Division) in Albuquerque, NM, during of
14 April 1958, and the sighting reported by [redacted] according to
same unit on the evening of 21 April 1958. Justification for
approval of this request are as follows:

2. In accordance with paragraph 16, AFR 200-2, no classifi-
cation is necessary to protect any information of the kind listed,
nor does any of the data reported under paragraph 15 require classi-
fication.

b. The reports do not fall into any category restricted
under any directive to and 1 April, dated 1 December 1956, or
paragraph 3, AFR 190-16, dated 29 July 1956. Furthermore, the reports
meet the requirements of paragraph 2, AFR 190-16.

c. Accordingly, I would be very grateful if, in keeping
with the policy expressed in paragraph 12, AFR 190-12 and paragraph
2, AFR 190-16, you would release the aforementioned reports
requested.

2. I would also appreciate further clarification of paragraph
11, AFR 200-2. Does this paragraph restrict military personnel from
interviewing civilians who have sighted Unidentified Flying Objects,
such Unidentified Flying Objects, and Unidentified Flying Objects
paragraph 4a(3), AFR 250-12, which states that the military writer
would have the same access to information as a civilian writer, who
would not be prejudiced in respect to civilian investigation?

3. Above request has been referred to you after consulting an
authority of the Secretary of the Air Force at Bee level.

[Signature - redacted]
Lt Col, USAF
4925th Test Squadron (Dev)


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SMTV, 1929th TESTRON (D), 23 May 58, Subj: Release of Information
In Unidentified Flying Object Reports for Civilian Analysis and
Possible Publication

SMTV 1st Ind

1929th Test Squadron (Dev), Kirtland Air Force Base, New
Mexico 26 May 58

TO: Commander, 1929th Test Group (Atomic), Kirtland Air Force
Base, New Mexico

Forwarded for decision.

JOHN S. LARUE
Lt Col, USAF
Commander

SMTV 2nd Ind 27 May 1958

Headquarters, 1929th Test Group (Atomic), Kirtland AFB, NMex
TO: Commander, Air Force Special Weapons Center, ATTN: CWI,
Kirtland AFB, NMex

Forwarded for necessary action.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
Lt Col, USAF
Administrative Services Officer

SMTV 3rd Ind

Hq. Air Force Special Weapons Center, Kirtland Air Force Base, New
Mexico, 26 May 1958

TO: Commander, Air Research and Development Command, ATTN: Office of
Information Services, Andrews Air Force Base, Washington 25, D. C.

Forwarded for your information and any action deemed necessary.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

RICHARD CASANOVA
1st Lt, USAF
Acting Chief
Office of Information Services

2


- page 3 -

SWVP, 4929th TESTRON (D), 23 May 58, Subj: Release of Information in Unidentified Flying Object Reports for Civilian Analysis and Possible Publication

RDB                                                   4th Ind

Hq. Air Research and Development Command, Andrews Air Force Base, Washington 25, D. C., 4 June 1958

TO: Director of Information Services, Office, Secretary of the Air Force, The Pentagon, Washington 25, D. C.

Forwarded in accordance with paragraph 44, and Section 5, AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

W. S. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Director of Information Services


- page 4 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO: ATIC
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: Wright-Patterson AFB Ohio

FROM: MAJOR LAWRENCE J. TACKER
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: SATS-3

REMARKS:
Please release findings to this individual.

DATE: 6/9/58
TELEPHONE: 71966

DD Form 95 is visible at the bottom of the document.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

CO SHEET

Subject: Release of UFO Information

ROUTING
(Initial "IN" column to denote review prior to action, Initial "OUT" column to denote review of completed action)

TO: SAFIC-3, Major Tacker

FROM: AFOIN-42

COMMENTS (Use reverse, if necessary)

1. A thorough check of our files indicates that the two sightings referenced by S/Sgt [redacted] were not received by this office and no findings are available for release.

2. Our interpretation of S/Sgt [redacted] request is that he be given permission to release the information concerning the two sightings for civilian analysis - not the findings. Analyses made by this office.

3. Reference paragraph 2 of Sgt [redacted] letter. Paragraph 11, AFR 200-2 means exactly that, i.e., no. In other words, no personal, confidential case of the OIS, or those directed, will contain private individuals concerning UFO cases. A military person, even in an unofficial interview, might still be quoted, and when he is quoted his statements are usually construed to be those of the Air Force.

1 Incl
Correspondence re
[redacted] request

NICHOLAS POST
Assistant Deputy
AFOIN-42

Date: 30 JUN 1958


- page 6 -

Release of UFO Information

SAFIS-3, Major Tucker
AFCIN-4B

1. A thorough check of our files indicates that the two sightings referenced by S/Sgt [redacted] were not received by this office and no findings are available for release.

2. Our interpretation of S/Sgt [redacted] request is that he be given permission to release the information concerning the two sightings for civilian analysis - not the findings of analyses made by this office.

3. Reference paragraph 2 of Sgt [redacted] letter. Paragraph 11, AFR 200-2 means exactly what it says. No, repeat, no Air Force personnel, other than those of the CIG, or those so directed, will contact private individuals concerning UFO cases. A military person, even in an unofficial interview, might still be quoted, and when he is quoted his statements are usually construed to be those of the Air Force.

1 Incl
Correspondence re
S/Sgt [redacted] request

NICHOLAS POST
Assistant Deputy
AFCIN-4B

28 JUN 1958
1
434/4/3gt J.O. Bolieu/m/69216


- page 7 -

UAPL-21 APRIL        NO CASE        INFO ONLY

27 June 1958

Dear Sir:

This is to acknowledge your letter of 23 May 1958 concerning unidentified flying objects sightings of 14 and 21 April 1958 at Albuquerque, New Mexico.

Neither of these two sightings were forwarded to the Air Technical Intelligence Center for evaluation and we have no record of these two sightings.

There are no restrictions covering your use of these sightings. Therefore, you are free to submit these to any official agency you choose, or merely analyze them for evaluation and you may publish an account of these sightings if you desire.

For your information, I am enclosing the latest Department of Defense Fact Sheet on the subject of unidentified flying objects which denies the existence of any authentical evidence to substantiate the existence of the popularly termed "flying saucers."

Sincerely yours,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

8/383
Hq 3905 Squadron (Dev.)
Kirtland Air Force Base
New Mexico


- page 8 -

16 - 30 APRIL 1958 SIGHTINGS

The document contains two tables:

First Table (16-30 April 1958 Sightings):
Columns: Date, Location, Observer, Evaluation

Locations include:
- 10 Mi S of Cape Hakkork, NF
- Dayton, Ohio
- Colorado River, Arizona
- Van Wert, Ohio
- Wiarton, Ontario, Canada
- Syracuse, New York/County, N.Y.
- N of Lowry AFB, Colorado
- Kentucky, W. Virginia, Georgia
- El Centro, California
- Springholm, Germany
- Palisades, California
- West Port, Washington
- York Beach, California
- Pelham, Georgia
- NW of Bermuda, Atlantic Ocean
- SE of Newfoundland
- Midway, Island
- Between Fresno & Merced, California
- 38.007 54.30W (Atlantic)
- Ottawa, Ohio
- Seminole, Texas
- 33.50N 130.45W (Pacific)
- Seattle, Washington
- Burlington, Iowa
- Mims, Florida
- Lowry AFB, Colorado

Second Table (Additional Reported Sightings):
Columns: Date, Location, Source, Evaluation

Locations include:
- Hattieville, Brazil
- Pori, Finland
- Georgia
- Burlington, Vermont
- Lochaber, Georgia
- Ambrose Lake, New Mexico
- Bad Axe, Michigan
- St. Paul, Minnesota

Source for most entries is "Newsclipping"


- page 9 -

Country: Denmark

Sat 1/1, Card 1/1

Info Spec: pe/23/ccw
Distri: 4534/4948/AFL/457-3 cys/48

Entire Item

"SPACESHIP" OVER DENMARK--Danish officials have appealed for witnesses to corroborate a woman's statement that she saw a "spaceship" on Apr. 15 near Broager, south Jutland. The woman described the spaceship as a big, black, low-flying object shaped as a white and yellow circle which seemed to move." She said that when it flew over Broager a number of horseshoe-shaped objects "landing a strong light" issued from it. About 20 other witnesses reported seeing a "triangular spaceship" in the vicinity at the same time. One witness said he saw a "sea of flames" in the sky. A member of the Danish Interplanetary Society said that in the past few days he had been "flooded" with reports of triangular spaceships and other celestial phenomena. (London, REUTERS, Apr. 19, 1958, 1130 GMT--E)

May 28, 1958


- page 10 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

SOURCE: SAUCER NEWS, Oct, Nov 1958

April 1958
Southend-on-Sea, Sussex, England

The photo on the left, above, was taken by Karl Magnusson in Iceland, during the solar eclipse of June 30th, 1954. This is one of a series of saucer pictures taken by Mr. Magnusson at that time. It was sent to SAUCER NEWS by Mr. Skuli Skulason of Iceland. - The photo on the right was taken in April 1958 at Southend-on-Sea, Sussex, England, by a man who prefers to remain anonymous. The saucer is said to have been traveling at a moderate speed at the time the picture was snapped. We have no further details as yet. The picture was submitted by P. B. Godfrey-Bartram of Sussex, England, to whom we give our thanks.

ARE YOU ON OUR SPECIAL NEWSLETTER MAILING LIST? See details on Page 14.

VOLUME 5, NUMBER 6
(Whole Number 33)

OCTOBER-NOVEMBER
1958

SAUCER NEWS
OFFICIAL PUBLICATION OF THE SAUCER AND UNEXPLAINED CELESTIAL EVENTS RESEARCH SOCIETY

MAILING ADDRESS:
P. O. BOX 163, PORT LEE, N. J.

EDITOR:
JAMES W. MOSELEY


- page 11 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                                   APR 1958
                                                                                       Sussex, England

Source:    LUEPS - SE 163

[A blurry black and white photograph is included in the document]

The photo on the right was taken in April 1958 at Southend-on-Sea, Sussex, England, by a man who prefers to remain anonymous. The man, as said to have been traveling at a doubtful speed at the time the picture was snapped. We have no further details as yet. The picture was submitted by P. B. Godfry-Bartram of Sussex, England, to whom we give our thanks.


- page 12 -

No Case (Information Only)                                1 April 1958
                                                                   Willoughby, Ohio

[The rest of the text appears to be partially illegible due to image quality. I can make out some words and fragments, but cannot confidently reproduce the full paragraph without risking inserting incorrect text.]


- page 13 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   3 April 1958
                                                                      Columbus, Ohio

[The rest of the text is partially illegible, but appears to read:]

police and military officials were at a loss last April 1st to explain reports
of a strange flying object in the area. At 9:30 p.m. on March 31, 1958 at
p.m. the previous Wednesday. Traffic on a road near Columbus was stopped as
drivers halted to watch the object, which flew around the east and south sides
of the city disappearing in the west.


- page 14 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   8 April 1958
                                                                       Elyria, Ohio

April 3, 1958, Elyria, Ohio
About 7:20 p.m. a NICAP member, 
(name unreadable) was sighted around
(rest of text is partially illegible)

The text in the center of the document appears to be a description of a sighting, but parts of it are difficult to read clearly. The visible portions mention a "NICAP member" seeing something around 7:20 p.m., and there are references to a "yellow light brilliantly illuminating" and some details about an object, but the full details cannot be confidently transcribed due to illegibility.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

10 APRIL 1958                INFO ONLY                NO CASE                NEW YORK

4 Flyers Die
In Stratojet
Explosion
NORTH COLLINS, N.Y., April 10.—(UP)—Four crewmen perished today when a B-47 Stratojet bomber exploded in flight while attempting to refuel over this western New York community.

The sleek stratobomber from Lockbourne, O., Air Force base was flying a routine approach on a KC-97 predecessor tanker plane at 20,000 feet when it blew apart almost mile in length. The tanker was not damaged. Its crew escaped.

Partial sealing the wreckage, bodies were found in one large piece of wreckage, approximately the front of the plane.

Those listed as dead as Maj. Harold L. Kelly, aircraft commander; Eugene L. Oberg, Capt. John Robert Glyer, pilot; Wilmington, Del.; First Lt. Albert Gene Moncla, 24, Shreveport, La., the navigator.

Alonda's body was the last to be found and identified.

Westover Air Force base in Massachusetts, which had the Stratojet carried four men, with one apparently an instructor. The B-47 was flying a "normal transition mission."

The big bomber was not armed and did not carry any nuclear bombs.

Hundreds of residents witnessed the explosion and they filled the wreckage, which extended over farmland about 20 miles south of Buffalo.


- page 16 -

A flying saucer reported from Johannesburg, South Africa, on April 11, 1958, belongs in this category. Hundreds of witnesses reported a mysterious starlike object manoeuvring in the northern sky on three successive nights at speeds in excess of 2000 miles an hour. Most observers agreed that "The Thing" could not have been any known aircraft because its speed was too great; it sometimes hovered stationary in the air, and repeatedly changed color from white to red to deep scarlet. One member of an Interplanetary Club who watched it through binoculars described the UFO as saucer-shaped, with a rim like a soup plate around the edge.

Members of the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research Minitrack Station, near Johannesburg, were amused by the variety of reports on "The Thing." The mysterious object in the night skies was in fact a South African Air Force Dakota aircraft, flying back and forth so that the Minitrack Station could test the calibration of its tracking instruments. In addition to the usual navigation lights, the aircraft had carried a bright, flashing light so that it could be photographed [sic].

Handwritten at the bottom of the page:
Johannesburg
South Africa


- page 17 -

