PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
23 Jun 58

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Level
GMT 23/1820Z

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Observer saw objs in viewfinder of his camera. There were not sighted with naked eye. Rnd white lights about size of a dime side by side. They were photographed.

2. LOCATION
Alexandria, La.

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

6. SOURCE
Civilian State Trooper

10. COMMENTS
The spots on the photo were caused by a light leak in the bellows of the camera.

11. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Possibly Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluate
Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Handwritten on left margin]
Sheet 3

[At bottom of page]
(Mathematical plot and calculations re office method)

The rest of the document appears to be a technical diagram with various lines, angles, and notations, but the specific text on the lines is partially illegible or too small to confidently transcribe.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

ALEXANDRIA LA                                                25 JUN 58

Confidential National Investigations Committee - Aerial Phenomena
Paper and Charges Against Air Force

SAFIE-3, Attn: Major Tucker                                  5 August 1958

AFCIN-424                                                    275
                                                             Ext. 6-916/Bldg. 828

1. In accordance with established policies for AFCIN keeping your office in-
formed of any developmental and public relations matters which may reflect adversely
on the Air Force, attached is a bulletin from subject organization.

2. On the assumption, based on previous experience, that your office will be
asked to comment or provide an explanation regarding these charges attached are
copies of pertinent material from the very recent case involving a Louisiana State Patrolman who alleges to have photographed subject UFOs.

3. Inclosure No. 2 is a copy of a statement prepared by this Center and sub-
mitted to your office in law days in a return to a previous charge. Inclosure No.
3 will indicate that a full investigation was made of the Alexandria, Louisiana, case.
MCIAP is quoting, out of context as the official intelligence report indicates, a
patrolman, by his own statement, never saw the object with his naked eye - that it
appeared, only on the prints, enlargements of which are also attached for your review.

4 Incl:
    1. NICAP Paper
    2. cy Crpds dtd 23 July 58
    3. AF Info rpt dtd 25 June 58
    4. Four Photos

                                                H. K. GILBERT
                                                Colonel, USAF
                                                AFCIN-4L


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE
WASHINGTON 6, D.C.

JULY 9, 1958
CONFIDENTIAL NICAP BULLETIN

AIR FORCE ASKS NICAP
FOR ITS UFO REPORTS

UFO PHOTOS BY STATE POLICE UNDER SECRET AIR FORCE STUDY

In an official Air Force letter which
came to NICAP recently, the Directorate
of Intelligence has been asked to
turn over to the Air Force specific cases
showing that UFOs are under Intelligence control. Dated June 12, 1958, the letter
indicates a concern which in plain conversation would be "official claim that UFOs
do not exist."

The contents of a cache of UFO photographs taken by a Louisiana state policeman
has been officially confirmed by authorities of England AFB, Louisiana. These two officers,
who said the Air Force demanded their return, have withheld, despite the objects close
to the base at 12:20 p.m. on June 23, 1958.

Apparent attempts to keep the photographs secret were forestalled when the police
TOWN TALK, The chief of England AFB Information service, then confirmed that the
photographs and the officers' report had been turned over to special UFO investigators.

Referring to NICAP's letter to the Joint
Chiefs of Staff which drew an admission of
"technical difficulties" regarding communication with UFOs, the Air Force letter
reads in part:

"The Air Force has the responsibility for
investigating and evaluating the UFO
phenomena. This can only be done properly
with written endorsement by the National
Security if responsible citizens report all
evidence and intelligent citizens charged
with this responsibility will submit reports
to the authorities charged with this responsibility. It is required therefore that any
specific cases of the nature mentioned
above be forwarded to the Office of Intelligence, Directorate of Intelligence, Hq.
25, D. C. for submission to the Air Technical Intelligence Center for analysis and
official evaluation."

By an old coincidence, NICAP at the
same time received a signed statement
from a missile engineer who was curtly
brushed off by the Air Force when he tried
to report sighting a huge UFO. The witness,
Mr. Harold Lamb, Jr., is one of four
Rockaway engineers who observed a
large oval shaped object and two smaller
UFOs near Los Angeles, California.

Lately, a former people now convinced
of UFO reality, says he was rebuffed when
he called the Air Force and was "told to
go home."

In this case, as in several others, the
Air Force apparently was curiously concerned but was led to make this concern
seem less than candid. The other engineer
would not be easy to silence, but no
matter what the excuse, such a rude
brush-off will not encourage "responsible
citizens to report all evidence" he the

"If any other explanation fails," the officer said, "we will be happy to give any UFO
personnel and any comment as to where it is and where it came from must come
from the Pentagon."

The state trooper who shot the photos first caught the UFO against a background of
trees. The picture clearly shows three globular-shaped objects or two large oval-like
objects near Highway 28. (The officer said he saw only two "glowing objects" when his first UFO
sighting occurred.) After the first shot was taken, he moved his camera to get another shot
with the background with the UFO above the treetops. This photo clearly shows two globulite
objects close together. A few seconds later the UFO, or details UFO, moved swiftly
out of sight.

NICAP Comment: This is interesting. Air Force gun camera pictures, the White Sands
film, the famous Tremonton, Utah encounter, Utah case, and others officially or partially
confirmed by the Air Force, are now being studied under a cloak of secrecy. Confronted
with the photographic evidence and reports, the Air Force authorities refused even
to explain.

NICAP is indeed in a strange Air Force pilot's position. Details will be worked out
for the first time in this bulletin. Confronted with such a situation, NICAP feels that
names it could cause more trouble.

Since the Air Force has refused to
release its own UFO reports or avoid
"invasion of privacy," NICAP feels
justified in adopting the same policy.
Details of some of these cases will be
the reports to the Air Force under a plan
of mutual cooperation and exchange of
UFO information. Details will be arranged in our next publication or through
a special press release.

NEW MEMBERSHIP FORMS
To conform to our altered publications,
plan for a temporary period of time, the
green form describing a 32-page monthly
magazine have been replaced by a yellow
form listing alternate bulletin and digest
magazine. Members may secure the yellow
forms for interested persons. Please destroy
any green forms in your possession.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 2

STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND REPORT HINTS SAC KNOWS UFOS ARE INTERPLANETARY

From several radar tracking cases studied by the Strategic Air Command, there is strong evidence that SAC officials, Gen. Thomas Powers, know the UFO is interplanetary equipment.

In one significant case, General Powers withdrew the usual "scramble" order when alerted a formation of unknown objects approaching the Pacific coast, that there was every indication that the objects were Soviet planes or missiles. Previously, similar activity dispatched to interception.

Though United States pilots by radar-paired planes over the Pacific, and later by surface vessels, have sighted these objects, no official release. This conclusion by SAC was shared by two level Air Force and Defense Department sources and perhaps by United Press International.

In one case, said the Pentagon cleared article, SAC bombers were scrambled when defense radar plotted a strange object flying toward the United States. In another formation, the bombers were recalled by special code signals when the Air Force realized the objects were not Soviet planes. These mysterious formations had SAC never been explained.

But in this Pacific coast case, which was identified to the Air Force by SAC, "Wolf," Radar reports continued to pour in from the picket ships, DEW (Defense Early Warning) stations, and radar bases. Still Gen. Powers walked, The UFO formation had almost reached the coast in quite quick striking range of west coast cities and bases—when the radar blip suddenly disappeared.

Though previous identical formations were traced by SAC as unexplained, this report was explained very as the Radar easily.

Why weren't the SAC bombers dispatched as in the other cases? If Gen. Powers had believed it even remotely possible the formations were Soviet planes or missiles, hundreds of SAC bombers would have roared aloft from United States bases.

ONE REASON FOR SECRECY

SAC's General Powers knows objects were not earthbound, it would fully explain his position. It would also mean that the high U. S. commanders must know this predicament. The present situation of UFO could save World War 3.

This may be allowed to be one reason for official secrecy on UFOs. But publicly disclosing the truth will not alter SAC's plans to handle the UFO problem. On the contrary, Gen. Powers could possibly lead to a serious confrontation.

In the U. S. cities were a number of advertised UFO sightings suddenly vanish? One possibility based on CAA radar operators' opinion, is that the UFO suddenly climbed to a high altitude—possibly to avoid being tracked.

Also a UFO's presence may be able to repel radar beams, as suggested by Pres. Eisenhower's Civilian Scientist Adviser. He said, electronic objects could full power, be told, electronic ejected by a rocket would create an electronic field which would divert radar beams. No known would be reflected back to its scope.

In this theory is some, hidden corroboration to full power could have caused the UFO formation's (UFO's) to disappear. Regardless of this, it remains certain

NEW POLICY ON UFO SIGHTINGS

In the past year many contacts have indicated to what they called "responsible" military UFO reports. However, recent reviews by NICAP show many contacts were with no more of current UFO activity. So future NICAP publications will carry a cross-section of verified sightings.

Meantime here a brief review of typical reports in the past few months:

March 21, 1958, Tampa, Florida. Reported by Station WTVT-Leon News: An unidentified Aluminum Colored object over a large silent orange-lighted object near an Air Force radar helicopter. Later McDill AFB said the object was a Lighted weather balloon returned 30 minutes before the sighting.

March 9, 1958, Eureka, California. R. L. Williams and others witnessed a thirty oval-shaped object above nearby mountains. Through binoculars witnesses saw a dark gray object, reverse course, circle, then drop into a cloud bank.

April 8, 1958, Blythe, Ohio. About 7:20 p.m., a NICAP member (name withheld by request) sighted a fiery object also reported in Ohio papers. Witness description told the contents between two harmless pale yellow-illuminated yellow light brilliantly illuminating a half mile area. Sparks or particles like molten metal from a Schrader valve were seen from one side. Object, believed to have fallen into Lake Erie.

April 17, 1958, Porto Alegre, Brazil. Press report says "Newspaper and radio stations on Rio Grande do Sul shots that three flying saucers landed about 65 km. north of Santa Maria City. Two of the three from but the third remained."

April 21, 1958, Coontly, West Virginia. A bright bell-shaped object was reported traveling at high speed over area from Georgia to West Virginia. Witnesses included airline, weather bureau observers, and many others. A weather bureau spokesman said all of the reports confirmed the bullet shape and the extreme brilliance. The main color was a fiery red with a yellow trail or exhaust.

Results of an Air Force investigation have not been released.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

April 29, 1958, St. Paul, Minnesota - A UFO sighting to be one reported in the east on April 21 was sighted by control tower personnel at Wold - Chamberlain Airport and by other observers. The CAA man said the UFO did not resemble a meteor or any other known object but that it moved west to east at high speed on an even path without climbing or descending.

It was described as emitting some form of light and was seen by several witnesses. The UFO site was seen by NICAP member H. J. Sherman, Insurance underwriter and Astronomer, who reported it to an Air Force Captain Howard Wold - Chamberlain. The captain first suggested Venus, then some astronomical quickly ruled out. The captain then suggested a meteor.

"Too slow," stated Mr. Sherman. "A portion pulled away and the UFO's approach was different."

Finally Captain Newman suggested a small-satellite like object. Mr. Sherman pointed out these items:

• When the light went out no plane was visible in the sky which at 9 p.m. was still fairly light.

• He would have heard any aircraft.

• No pilot in his right mind would approach a field with such heavy traffic at such high speed and suddenly or low altitude from out all lights.

The Air Force captain had no other suggestions and the sighting was officially recorded.

From a NICAP member in the USAF we have received the following unclassified information dated 1 January 1958:

In late December or a Joint Operations Control Center source said the United States observers of the USAF and a friendly foreign power witnessed by telescope and naked eye a bright white object moving slowly on a southwest heading at 30,000 feet.

Shortly afterward a mass of white material (evidently scattered aerial haze) dropped from 10,000 feet for 39 minutes.

Another NICAP member just ending active AF duty has requested Air Force personnel to release a lighting which took place on an AF base in this country.

Previously, he added, he was refused permission to release on Air Force filter report on a UFO formation. Air Force spokesmen said the report could not be released to public, with all possible details.

For the information of members, NICAP Confidential Bulletins are not intended to be released to nonmembers. In particular these bulletins should not be distributed to the press or radio. Items contained therein are to keep members informed of NICAP's progress and of projects being undertaken.

When indicated, complete stories will appear in the UFO INVESTIGATOR for general release after full evaluation.

NICAP ASKS AIR FORCE FOR MISSING UFO MOVIE FRAMES

As authorized by Air Force Regulation 200-2, NICAP has asked for the release of the missing frames from color movies of UFO taken last December which an Air Force spokesman now claims were lost or destroyed.

This Air Force claim is surprising when NICAP, earlier two Air Force spokesman in California had endorsed the film and the best UFO pictures they had seen and had commended the owner of the film for submitting it to the Air Force.

The facts are as follows:

On December 1, 1957 at about 3 p.m., Ralph Benn of Los Angeles, using a 3x telescope lens, took actual pictures of a half dozen of Kodachrome film showing four or five objects—something that in the Tremonton, Utah, film made repeated passes over the area.

Benn described the objects as dull white and oval shaped and said they moved slowly west or northwest (generally). Other passes—one described as "very fast"—were observed by Benn's children.

After contacting a Captain Schaller, Chief of the local AF pictorial branch, Benn agreed to let the Air Force develop the film. Capt. Dean Hess, AF Chief of Public Information for the West Coast, later concluded Benn's acknowledgement of his film from Benn was "evasive."

In a letter dated January 3, 1958—a copy of Captain Schaller's letter to NICAP—Benn said the job been had done.

In May Major Lawrence J. Tacker, Executive Officer of the Air Force Public Information Division, officially explained the UFO.

"ATIC evaluated the film and the objects were found to be cluster type weather balloons."

The original film, returned to Benn, showed horizontal scratch marks, had been overexposed, and a few frames had been removed.

NICAP Comment: Judging by past Air Force handling of UFO films (for example, the Ralph Mayher films reported in past issues of the UFO INVESTIGATOR) these frames obviously were the clearest ones.

Now that the objects allegedly have been positively identified, there is no reason for withholding the missing frames. AFR 200-2 states: "...it is permissible to inform news media representatives on UFO's when the object is positively identified as a familiar object."

NICAP has written a letter requesting an examination of the missing pictures.

UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA SCIENTIST INVESTIGATES UFO MOVEMENTS

As a result of the recent Tucson sighting, Dr. James E. McDonald, Director of the University of Arizona's Institute of Atmospheric Physics, has begun a scientific investigation of UFOs.

More than 50 witnesses privately contacted initially of Army meteorological objects have given him detailed reports.

"There is no doubt about their veracity," Dr. McDonald told the Arizona REPUBLIC. He said the observers had freely with him, though they declined to be quoted in newspaper fear of ridicule.

NICAP note to members: Probably thousands of UFO witnesses keep silent, fearing ridicule. If you know of any hidden reports, please urge observers to send us details with permission to use their names.

Part of a NICAP project—a detailed report of UFO evidence for members of Congress, the press, and broadcasters.

NO NICAP AGENTS

Complaints reaching NICAP indicate that some groups or individuals claim to be NICAP agents and some apparently are masquerading as NICAP members. Only copies of NICAP publications. If members know of any abuses of this sort, please inform us. No individual is authorized to accept NICAP membership or to sell subscription to UFO INVESTIGATOR.

This of course does not apply to the legitimate promotion of NICAP by its members. Anyone desiring information about NICAP membership or the UFO INVESTIGATOR can be given the pertinent information.

THANKS to the many members sending us newspaper clippings of UFO sightings and related developments. In forwarding clips, please note the date and the name of the newspaper, if this is not part of the clipping.

MEMBER IDEAS ON PROMOTION

NICAP welcomes suggestions for promotion of new memberships and publicity regarding NICAP's work. Some very helpful member projects have been sending news and addresses of interested people, advertising in local papers, and writing letters to Congressmen asking for public hearings on the UFO problem. All ideas of this sort will receive prompt attention.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 4

STRAITH LETTER FALSE, STATE
DEPARTMENT TELLS ADAMSKI

The State Department has informed
George Adamski that a supposedly official
letter sent by him last April 4, St. Strathy
Cultural Exchange Committee, was not
a State Department document, that no such
committee exists, and that no one named
Strathy was ever employed by the department. The Straith letter implied that a
State Department investigator of the UFO
situation had confirmed some of Adamski's
published claims regarding contact with
space beings.

In reply to a long NICAP letter, Adamski
chose by person or persons unknown, to
was told that if the honest's reliability could
be established NICAP would make the
name public if this could be done without
danger of a lawsuit.

About mid April the next issue of Mr.
Adamski's cosmic science booklet appeared
with a new reference to the Straith affair.
Answering a question as to the letter's
authenticity, Mr. Adamski said that the
original Straith letter and photostat show
the impression of the official Seal of State
which he stated is never found on letters
sent but in impressed only after a letter
has been typed. This was contradicted by
Mr. Adamski said that this official seal is
extra fully guaranteed only for photostat
persons are allowed to use it.

A few days later a letter to the same
effect was received by NICAP's Director.
From a long personal experience with
various Government agencies, it was immediately clear that Mr. Adamski had been
misled. However, a double check was
made at once with the State Department
Security Division and another department
source. This double check confirmed that
the volume of the great volume of material
will soon be available through the National
Archives of the United States.

Also, said the Security man, a few of
these blank letterheads could be picked up
by any visitor who dropped into one of the
hundreds of State Department offices. In
was stressed again that the letterhead used
in the Straith case was an old type not
officially used for several years.

This, to date, is the Straith-Adamski
case. From all the evidence it seems plain
that the hoaxer counted on Mr. Adamski's
inexperience with Washington department
practices. It also appears that the guilty
person or persons were willing to risk
arrest for illegal use of an official letterhead and for misrepresentation in order
to discredit George Adamski.

FLYING SAUCER REALITY ENDORSED
BY GENERAL MILLS RESEARCH CHIEF

That flying saucers are probably spacecraft was publicly suggested on April 10 by
General Mills Research Director John L.
Cramer. The latest in a growing number
of scientists to speak out on UFOs, Cramer
said that we ourselves will be "all over
the universe by the year 2000."

"Someone in the universe may be years
ahead of us," he told the Minneapolis
TRIBUNE. "Someone may have solved the
problems of flying through space and may
be visiting us."

WE NEED YOUR HELP!

We are in urgent need of your support—
more than ever before. Censorship of UFO
reports and the resulting lack of newspaper
stories have caused a serious decrease in
public interest. Certain important developments should change this by mid-Fall,
perhaps sooner, and a new sighting "flap"
could revive public interest overnight.

But meanwhile, new membership has
fallen to the lowest point in the last 16
months. Only through the generosity of a
small percentage of members has NICAP
survived. The Director and Administrator
has been working without pay to keep
NICAP operating with the scarcest news
breaks and this crisis. Please continue to
do all you can to get us new members and
to promote NICAP in every way possible.

AN ERRONEOUS CLAIM

In the February 1958 issue of the UFO
JOURNAL an article by Charles Marcoux
states that NICAP's Director is one of the
"saucer researchers in the know who have
flocked to Aztec in droves."

The article deals with a so-called
Cowen/World including an alleged underground base for UFOs and links these with
an ancient civilization now underground.
The Director of NICAP has not been in
Aztec since 1957 nor does he have any
knowledge of such a base. Regarding the
claims by Mr. Marcoux, the editor of the
UFO JOURNAL has been informed of
the error.

UFO TAPE RECORDING SERVICE

Dr. A. J. Ditmar, Director of Tape
Recording of UFO Information Service, asks
that all inquiries be sent to him at the
Aztec Field, New York address and not
to the regional offices at NICAP previously
stated. A list of over 250 tapes is now
available. Interested persons may receive
copies by sending blank tapes with return
postage. No charge is made for copying
tapes; however, contributions will help to
keep this non-profit service in operation.

TRUE OR FALSE STORY

NICAP's request for substantiation of
the article "The First Men Killed by a
Flying Saucer" remains unanswered to date.
In the July 1958 issue of TRUE or FALSE
Magazine an unnamed author had stated
that he was dying after exposure to a
radioactive flying saucer.

Because of the important implications
of this claim, NICAP asked the editor for
proof or a confidential basis for publication. To date, no reply has been received.
NICAP hopes either to prove or disprove
the story and to expose possible deception.

Fear of UFOs Seen as Result of Censorship

Fearful of attack by invaders from space,
several hundred airmail newspaper reporters recently gathered on a hilltop near West
Point, Mississippi, after an approaching
weather balloon was mistaken for a flying
saucer. Some of the crowd were armed
with shotguns; others carried clubs, pitchforks and various makeshift weapons.

Some of the public may have seen this
as a good joke, but a number of NICAP
members have pointed out the actual
dangers involved. One member summed up
the general reaction with:

"This is a RECEPTION COMMITTEE?"

Two factors combined to cause the mass
fear shown in Mississippi. One, the
balloon was mistaken for a UFO. Secondly, official secrecy on
high-flying objects. Of the two, the latter is far more important
because many Americans are now firmly
convinced that the Air Force—and possibly
a higher Government agency—is hiding
the truth from the public.

Judging from the mail and from some
UFO publications, more and more people
suspect that there is something ominous
behind the official denial of UFO reality.

Since authentic evidence that UFOs do
exist continues to mount, along with proof
of official censorship, this suspicion will
continue to grow and increase until the
facts are known.

If we discover any proof of hostility
linked with UFOs or any other serious
dangers, NICAP members and all others
will make the facts public.

Meanwhile, NICAP members and all
others acquainted with the facts may do
their county an important service if they
will try to alley fears of UFOs whenever
they have the opportunity.

A list of new donors to NICAP has been
prepared—to add to lists already published. We appreciate the support. We say "THANK YOU" nevertheless.
Hope to print the list next time.


- page 7 -

2 only 8 x 10
GLOSSY PHOTOGRAPHS
OF UFO SIGHTED
AT ALEXANDRIA, LA.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 8 -

On June 28, two Louisiana State Policemen photographed 3 globe-shaped UFOs at treetop level near the England Air Force Base in Louisiana.

UFO PHOTOGRAPHED BY LOUISIANA POLICEMEN (See photo below): A pair of Louisiana state troopers saw and photographed two glowing UFOs on June 24th, on a highway near the town of Alexandria, and caused a secret-veiled Air Force investigation to be launched into the sighting. One of the police officers was preparing to shoot pictures of cloud formations with his Polaroid camera when he spotted the objects, which resembled, two flowing balls, a few feet apart, floating at treetop level. Seconds later the UFOs disappeared. The sighting may not be accounted for by the fact that a group of local teen-aged boys had been launching in one of the gas-filled plastic bags over the area. The Air Force brought in one of the boys for questioning, but declined to state the results of their investigation.


- page 9 -

UFO PHOTOS BY STATE POLICE UNDER SECRET AIR FORCE STUDY

The existence of authentic UFO photographs taken by a Louisiana state policeman has been officially confirmed by authorities of England AFB, Louisiana. The two officers, who said the Air Force demanded that their names be withheld, spotted their objects close to the base at 12:20 p.m. on June 23, 1958.

Apparent attempts to keep the sightings secret were forestalled when the police officers gave copies of the Polaroid camera pictures to the Alexandria, Louisiana DAILY TOWN TALK. The chief of England AFB Information services had the photographs and the officers' report turned over to special UFO investigators.

"I may object again," said the information chief, "it is being investigated by qualified UFO personnel and any comment as to what it is and where it came from must come from the Pentagon."

The state trooper who shot the photos first caught the UFOs against a background of trees. The picture clearly shows three globe-shaped objects at treetop level just off Highway 28. (The officer said he saw only two "glowing balls" when he first glimpsed the UFOs. He was not sure whether they were a "double object" or two separate UFOs.)

After the first shot he snapped on a filter and caught another picture of a cloud background with the UFOs above the treetops. This photo clearly shows two globelike objects close together. A few seconds later the UFOs, or double UFOs, moved swiftly out of sight.

"Hell, I don't know about it. It scared hell out of me," the state trooper admitted. "I don't believe in stuff like that, but we saw it and these pictures are there to prove it."

Air Force sources at England AFB said the only other occasion of UFO being graphed was the Lubbock Lights Texas case.

NICAP Comments: This is interesting. At Force gun camera pictures, the White Sands film, the famous movie of the Tremonton, Utah saucer-small are officially on record. The official reaction at England AFB was noticeably different from the usual treatment of UFO reports. Usually some exploration is quickly advanced, but the close-up pictures end the trooper's report of the UFOs will climb and disappearance rule out the most convenient explanation: leaking weather balloons. Confronted so abruptly and publicly with the photographic evidence and reports, the Air Force authorities refused even to speculate.

NICAP is indebted to a veteran Air Force pilot, a man decorated for wartime service, for the first lead to this story and the later published account.

Handwritten notes at bottom of page:
State Trooper: [Blacked out]
Other Camera Chamber (Lack)


- page 10 -

SUBJECT: Request, Review and Analysis, UFO Report and Photos, IN-58-1, Alexandria, La.

TO: AFOIN-434     FROM: AFOIN-AA27     DATE: 18 Jul 58     COMSLTR NO 2

1. In commenting on photos for IN-58-1 as requested, these conclusions seem apparent:

    a. The spots on the prints were caused by a light leak in the bellows of the camera. The position of the camera caused the light areas to move into a different position on the print. These light spots are not to be confused with any other lights, or to be actually photographed. This conclusion assumes that the observer either did not see any lights, or is definitely positive these lights were not.

    b. It would be possible for this observer to photograph and see through a viewfinder, light spots reflected on a windshield under some conditions. These spots would or could remain in a stationary position on the windshield or relatively so, while the camera was being tilted to different angles. This would cause the spots to appear in the camera areas (see paragraph 2).

2. Looking to the map sketch and the photographs comparing them shows that photos 1 and 2 were made in a nearly easterly direction, and in a southerly direction. This has likewise bearing on the problem, since the objects must fall into either of these two categories.

3. Conclusion as far as known: The observer, during the minute of the sighting, failed to ask his partner to observe the phenomena. The deduction made is that the image seen only after the film development and upon removal from the Land Camera.

3 Incls
Incls 1 & 2 n/c
ADDED 1 Incl
3. Sketch

[Signature of Norman M. Buckmaster, Major, USAF]


- page 11 -

TAB

A TWX FROM COMDR 6348th ADV ENGLAND AFB, LA.
B INVESTIGATIVE REPORT, SOURCE T[illegible]
C REQUEST FOR REVIEW AND ANALYSIS FM ALEXANDRIA, VA.
D MICAP STORY SENT BY AFCIN


- page 12 -

NNN
RC097
V SQF020 YDCA32 VVA581 VWC625AA195
PP RJEODN RJEDS1 RJEPHQ RJWFNK
DE RJESSA 31A
P 241902Z
FM COMDR 834TH ADIV ENGLAND AFB LA
TO RJEODN/COMDR ADC ENT AFB COLORADO SPRINGS COLO
TO RJEODSQ/COMDR ATIC WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
RJEPHQ/ACSI HQ USAF WASHINGTON 25 D C
RJEPHQ/OFFICE OF INFORMATION SERVICES HQ USAF WASHINGTON 25 D C
RJWFNK/COMDR 33RD ADIV TINKER AFB OKLA
AF GRNC
BT
UNCLAS FBW/1-INT 6-54PD THIS IS A UFO REPORT. DESCRIPTION OF
OBJECT SMCLN(ONE)CMA(ROUND)TWO CMA(DIME)THREE CMA(WHITE)FOUR CMA
(TWO)FIVE CMA(SIDE BY SIDE)SIX CMA NO SEVEN CMA NONE EIGHT CMA NONE
NINE CMA(OBJECTS EMITTED VERY BRIGHT LIGHT)PD DESCRIPTION OF
COURSE OF OBJECTS CMA ONE CMA OBSERVER FIRST SAW LIGHTS IN VIEW
FINDER OF HIS CAMERA TWO CMA ELEVATION APPROXIMATELY(12)DEGREES
AZIMUTH ZERO DEGREES THREE CMA(FORTY)DEGREES ELEVATION AND(TEN
DEGREES)RIGHT AZIMUTH FOUR CMA ONE JERKY MOVEMENT TO LEFT CMA THEN
STRAIN UP FIVE CMA INSTANTANEOUSLY CMA OVERHEAD SIX CMA
APPROXIMATELY 30 SECONDS PD MANNER OF OBSERVATION GROUND VISUAL


- page 13 -

PAGE TWO RJESSA 31A
[720-=1220
AND PHOTOGRAPHIC PD TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING 23/1822 TWO CMA DAY PD
LOCATION OF OBSERVER 31 DEG 19 MIN NORTH LAT 92 DEG 33 MIN WEST
LONG SMCLN APPROXIMATELY TWO MILES SOUTH OF RUNWAY 32 ENGLAND AFB PD
INFORMATION ON OBSERVER SMCLN
ALEXANDRIA LA CMA OCCUPATION STATE TROOPER APPROXIMATELY 45
YEARS OF AGE PD WEATHER AT TIME OF OBSERVATION WINDS CALM
VISIBILITY TEN MILES CEILING 2000 FEET BROKEN PD DETAILED REPORT
AND PHOTOGRAPHS BEING FORWARDED ASAP PD END
BT
24/2046Z JUN RJESSA
NNN


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1958

UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

USA                                                                                  REPORT NO
                                                                                      28-1

Report of Unidentified Flying Object

DATE OF REPORT                 DATE OF OBSERVATION
25 June 1958                   23 June 1958

PREPARED BY (CONT)              FROM (CONT)
Julian H. Gelenter, 2/Lt       Intelligence Section Hq 401 Fighter Bomber Wg
                                State Police

AFR 200-2, 5 February 1958

SUMMARY: (Show nature summary of report. One line only in first paragraph. Cite enclosures or references.)

(This report is itemized in accordance with applicable paragraphs, AFR 200-2.)

Para 15a:   1. Round
            2. About size of a dime
            3. White light
            4. No
            5. Side by side
            6. None
            7. None
            8. Objects emitted a very bright light

Para 15b:   1. Observer first saw lights in the viewfinder of his camera as he was
               preparing to take a photo of a cloud formation.
            2. Elevation 15 degrees; azimuth 0 degrees
            3. Elevation 40 degrees; azimuth 10 degrees right
            4. One jerky movement to left, then up and slightly to the right
            5. Instantaneous
            6. Approximately 30 seconds

Para 15c:   1. Ground visual and photographic
            2. None
            3. N/A

Para 15d:   1. 23/1820Z June 1958
            2. Day

Para 15e:   1. 31 degrees 19 minutes North Latitude; 92 degrees 33 minutes West
               Longitude; approximately 2 miles South of runway 32, England AFB, La.

Para 15f:   Approximately 45 years of age; State Trooper

Para 15g:   1. Clear and sunny
            2. Ceiling 2,200 broken; Visibility 10 miles; Cloud cover 6/10 cumulus
               2,200 feet, storms; clear; Winds calm from surface to 2,000 feet
            3. At 2,000 feet 4 knots from G20 degrees at 6,000 feet 13 knots from
               G10 degrees

Para 15h:   None
Para 15i:   None
Para 15j:   (See comments of investigating officer)

DISTRIBUTION BY ORGANIZATION

NOTE: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C.,
31 AND 32. AS AMENDED. ITS TRANSMISSION OR THE REVELATION OF ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER TO AN UNAUTHORIZED PERSON IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AF FORM 112-PART II
Intelligence Section
HQ 402 Fighter-Bomber Wing

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO
58-1

Page 1 of 2 2

Para 154: 2/Lt. Julian H. Gelenter, A0305650A, Wing Air Targets Officer, 401 Fighter-Bomber Wing, England AFB, La.; reporting officer.

As a State Trooper, Officer _______ a trained observer and therefore it is assumed that his competent observations are factual, and accurate. He said he was out on Highway 28, approximately 2 miles south of England AFB, taking pictures of cloud formations (a hobby of his) with his Polaroid Land Camera. (All photos taken that day were with this camera, at an opening of f/8, with Polaroid 200 film. Some pictures were taken with a filter, others without.) He further stated that while looking through the camera, he saw what he saw these "lights" disappear. Trooper _______ never saw the lights with his naked eyes. Immediately after snapping the first picture he looked down and started working on the film and the filter and as he looked up he brought the camera back up to his eye. There was a 2nd State Trooper (home address of Sgt. ____________, La.) with Trooper _______ at the time. However, Sgt. ____________ did not see these "lights". Trooper _______ took several pictures after these first two to causing these "objects" to appear. The Investigating Officer examined all these photos and found the single "light" on photo number three. Otherwise, the other pictures were clear. The diagram below indicates the position of Trooper _______ at the time of taking all three photos.

An investigation of both areas by the Investigating Officer failed to reveal any clues as to the cause of the "lights". A check with the AGM Squadron, the CGI unit and the Base Weather Station failed to reveal any information pertaining to these "lights". There is much water in the area involved and the temperature at the time was approximately 86 degrees. The Investigating Officer is unable to offer any possible solution for the "light" that Trooper _______ photographed.

[Signed]
JULIAN H. GELENTER
2/Lt., USAF
Investigating Officer

[The document also includes a simple diagram showing the positions for photos 1-3, with numbered reference points]

Note: Some names and specific details have been redacted/blacked out in the original document.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

[HEADER]
AF FORM 112
UNCLASSIFIED (1 ter info. on back)
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Report of Unidentified Flying Object

From: Intelligence Section Hq 401st Ftr Bn Wg
Date of Report: 27 June 1958     Date of Information: 26 June 1958
By: Julian H. Glenter 2/Lt.                   Trooper, La. State Police
AFR 200-2, 5 February 1958

Ref AIIR 58-1 Subj: Report of Unidentified Flying Object dated 25 July 1954

The following information is to be added to Par 15k, comments of reporting Officer. It has come to the attention of the investigating officer chg/one rather pertinent fact was discovered or misapprehended by reporting officer Brown stated in his original interview officer Brown stated that officer Yetesevsky (26 Jun 58) investigating officer received information that officer Brown was sitting in his car when the photos of the lights were taken, and that the photographs were taken through the windshield of his car.

This information was originally supplied by the Associated Press representative for central La. It was then verified by Sgt Brown. It was finally verified by the source himself.

The investigating officer has made several tests involving reflections caused by curved windshields and other reflective surfaces within a vehicle. The mysterious "lights" have been reproduced in any one of several different fashions. It is the opinion of the investigating officer that the lights photographed by officer Brown are reflections of sun light.

[Signed]
JULIAN H. GLENTER
2/Lt. USAF
Investigating Officer

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page]
See investigating inquiry - original photo. Bring a number of cars and people on the road at that time. Might, although the angle is not quite the same. Etc. the result. When more seen, to be parallax. Viewing angle other rays of the sun etc.

1. Etc. an investigation appears to be relative (5 site traps) - Since somewhat in conflict with his story of the incidents.

[Footer]
THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS INFORMATION AFFECTING THE NATIONAL DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE ESPIONAGE ACT, 50 U.S.C.
...


- page 17 -

DISPOSITION FORM

SUBJECT: Request, Review and Analysis, UFO Report and Photos, TR-58-1, Alexandria, La.

TO: AFCIN-W2er
ATTN: Major Buckmaster

FROM: AFCIN-484
AFCIN-484/Capt Gregory/kmo
Ext. 69216/Bldg. 828

DATE: 14 Jul 58

1. Request your review and analysis of subject report and photographs.

2. On the basis of a tentative analysis, it is our opinion that the spots are either "ghost images" caused by internal reflection of the sun (or some other light) or possible camera-chamber leak.

3. It should be pointed out that the camera was pointed due North; the sun was almost directly overhead of the photographer at that time (1200 Noon) and that the viewfinder on the Polaroid-Land Camera is of such size as to pick up the sun's reflected image.

4. Your comments hereon would be appreciated.

2 Incls:
1. IR Rpt 58-1
   dtd 25 Jun 58
2. Photos (6)

[Signed]
HENRY G. MILEY
AFCIN-484

DD FORM 96 REPLACES NIKE FORM 61, OCT 45, WHICH MAY BE USED.


- page 18 -

