The image provided does not contain any photographs, only a text-based Project 10073 record card. As an OCR system, I will produce the full text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE              2. LOCATION
27 August 1958       SE of Deering, New Hampshire
3. DATE-TIME GROUP   4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
27/1745Z             Ground Visual
5. PHOTOS            6. WEATHER
X Yes                Clear
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 Seconds           8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
                     ONE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Reddish-orange colored obj likened to
shape of a plate under high temperature,
other of two suckers - one stop the
other. Size of dime.
12. CONCLUSIONS
X Was Balloon
   Probably Balloon
   Possibly Balloon
   Probably Aircraft 
   Possibly Aircraft
   Probably Astronomical
   Possibly Astronomical
   Other: (Continued on back for Evaluation)
11. COMMENTS
Due to the time lapse between
this sighting & the report, the
incident cannot be accurately
evaluated. Listed as unreli-
able rpt.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO: ATIC

SUBJECT: UFO 314,216 (Mrs. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _)

TO: SAFOI (Major L. J. Tacker)

Subject that two questionnaires be forwarded for completion by D/C and OSI.

SIGNED: Dewey R. Bane
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

11 DEC 195_

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a letter dated December 22, 1959 from Lawrence J. Tacker, Major, USAF, Public Information Division Office of Information, to a Mrs. [redacted] of Stoneham, Massachusetts.

The text of the letter is as follows:

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

Your recent letter addressed to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, concerning an unidentified flying object sighted by your family in August 1959 has been referred to this Office.

This Office is responsible for maintaining liaison with the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center in the investigation of unidentified flying object sightings. This sighting was therefore referred to in your November letter to this Office, which sighting was determined to be too old to be of current value in our valved evaluation.

However, since you feel that this sighting was significant, I am enclosing two United States Air Force questionnaires which should be completed by you and your husband. When the completed questionnaires are returned, they will be forwarded to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

2 Enclosures
Mrs. [redacted]
Stoneham, Massachusetts

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

ADMIN-2AG
UFO SIGHTING (2T-7)
SAFOI (Major L. J. Tacker)

Suggest that two questionnaires be forwarded for completion by Mr. 
and Mrs. ?

FOR THE COMMANDING:

WILLIS H. WOOD
Colonel, USAF 
Deputy for Sciences and Components

1 Atch:
Cy Itr as dtd, 8-7-58

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this document. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet, likely related to a UFO sighting report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. This information will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 20 Aug 58
2. Time of day: 2:55 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near railroad crossing SE of Deering, New Hampshire 
Additional remarks: 
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 2 Minutes Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire with various questions about sightings of unidentified objects.

Text extracted from the document:

IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
6.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
6.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight -- pitch dark d. Don't remember

Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

Did the object move behind something or anything, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document containing text fields and a hand-drawn sketch.

As an OCR system, the text from the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound __________________________
b. Color _________________________

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label all parts of the object, such as the top, bottom, and any protrusions, etc., and especially the outline of the object and any details beside the drawing that will show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Clearly outlined
c. Shiny or outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
Heavy wooded area
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One:) a. Head of a pin b. Pea c. Silver dollar d. Nickel e. Quarter f. Half dollar
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.): 
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Slowly moved out of sight, behind trees
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like to know what you could do to visualize the object or objects which you saw. Of what type material would you make the large object it in, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A large metallic object shaped like a rocket seen in the sky would appear similar to the object I saw. It was disc-shaped and silvery in color, slowly moving in and out of sight behind the tree tops.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object. 

Transcribed text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane 
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Flying in an aircraft?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
The vehicle at the trail in a field. We were driving and the object appeared very bright and hovering in the sky about 1/2 mile away from us.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 50 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) 
YES  NO

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast 
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North ___________ degrees.
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___________ degrees. 
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It consists of two sketches or diagrams.

The text in the document is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Clear sky
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight wind
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Dry mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Warm
c. For

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
<redacted>

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
<redacted>

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
<redacted>

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. The image shows a page from what appears to be an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text in the document appears to be a detailed written description of some kind of observation or event, though without more context it is difficult to discern the exact nature of the incident being described.

Dear Sirs:
My complaint and I shall be brief - on the night of August 15, 1958 at around 11:30 PM, I observed an object in the sky which I believe was a flying saucer of some kind. This object was moving at a high rate of speed and appeared to be approximately one-half the apparent size of the Moon. It was traveling in a westerly direction and was observed for a period of approximately 1 to 2 minutes. The object was observed from my home in Southeast of Deering, New Hampshire.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a form or questionnaire, related to a UFO report or investigation.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ___ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present job? Serviceman
Age: 27 Sex: Feminine
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school _________________________
b. High school Graduate
c. College _________________________
d. Post graduate _________________________

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: May 1, 1958

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED]
DATE: JUNE 24, 1952

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about an observed object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material.
1. When did you see the object? AUG 
Day 

1955
Month 
Year
2. Time of day:
1:42 
Hours 
45 
Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time seen: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? HILLSBORO 
Nearest Postal Address
NEW HAMPSHIRE
State or Country
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 10 
Hours 
Minutes
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain b. Pretty certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No stars in sight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background or other?
(Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away/a distant car?, b. Several blocks away?, c. A block or so away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't Know
d. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't Know
e. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't Know
f. Disappear suddenly? Yes, No, Don't Know
g. Reappear? Yes, No, Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what - TERRAIN - RIDGES - OUT OF VIEW

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what - CLEARLY VISIBLE IN FRONT OF TREES

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One): a. Solid?, b. Transparent?

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes, No
b. Sun glasses Yes, No  
c. Windshield  Yes, No
d. Window glass Yes, No
e. Binoculars  Yes, No
f. Telescope  Yes, No
g. Theodolite  Yes, No

- page 16 -

Based on the image, there is a sketch of two saucer-shaped objects depicted. The text in the image describes them as "TWO SAUCERS ONE PASSED BY THE OTHER".

The text found in the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Reddish-orange, lighted to steel-plate color
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you may such as wings, protuberances, etc., and especially indicate the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
TWO SAUCERS ONE PASSED BY THE OTHER
18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Distinct b. Fuzzy or blurred c. Other
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TWO SAUCER SHAPED, 5 FEET, ABOUT 30' IN DIAMETER. SUPPER IMPOSED ON ONE ANOTHER, LIKE STEEL WHEN SUBMERGING ONE ANOTHER ABOUT IOTHICK AT CENTER. NO WINDOWS OR PORTS VISIBLE.

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions and responses.

OCR output:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)

a. Inside a building
b. Outdoor
c. In a car
d. In an airplane 
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)

a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Flying near an airport? 
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

ABOUT TO DRIVE DOWN A STRAP MILL THAT OVERLOOKS TO THE RIGHT AS I PULLED OVER NOTICED SOMETHING UNUSUAL MOVING VERY SLOWLY THROUGH THE SKY IN THE EAST

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest 
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
a. Yes
b. No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)

a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)

a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South 
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was elevated from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees. 
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 19 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains two sketches, one depicting a curved line to show how high an object was above the horizon (skyline) when the observer first saw it, and another showing two different perspectives of a landscape.

OCR Text Output:
32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy/light
c. Partly cloudy
d. Thick or heavy clouds 
e. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? / Yes / No
36.2 Please list the names and addresses.
REDACTED 

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
IT IS NOT A SECRET GOVERNMENTAL PROJECT, IT ORDINARILY CAME FROM A FOREIGN AREA'S TESTS OR EXPERIMENTS AND IS A TRUE REPLICA OF WHAT HAS BEEN PORTRAYED IN COMICS AND SCIENCE FICTION REPRESENTATIONS AS BEING FLYING SAUCERS.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text from the image:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 100-720 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/4 MILE TO 1/2 MILE

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: STONEHAM, CO. MASS.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job? POSTAL WORKER - U.S. GOVT.
Age 44 Sex: M
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school 
c. College: M.A.S.S. MILITARY ACAD.
d. Post graduate: M.A.S.S. MILITARY ACAD.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: JANUARY 8, 1964
This document is committee approved for distribution - JANUARY 8, 1964
I request that my name and address be withheld to allow the U.S. Air Force to continue its investigation, and that any service records, along with this completed questionnaire, be considered confidential.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a handwritten document or letter.

My Process as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

Dear Sir:

I wonder if you would be interested in the unusual sighting of an object over Deering, New Hampshire, on August 7, 1958.

The object was observed by a man and wife, at about 7:00 PM on that date. It hovered for some time and then moved off at a terrific speed. I have no facts as to size, shape, color, or exact time duration, but have obtained the name and address of the observers, who would be willing to be interviewed if you are interested in this case.

Please let me know if you care to investigate this sighting, which had all the earmarks of an unusual and possibly significant incident.

Sincerely,
(Signature)

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs or illustrations, it is solely a handwritten text document. I will now proceed to transcribe the text found in the document.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled out and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may include information that you have already given in the initial interview, and any details of further comments, if they are germane to the situation. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: (redacted)
SIGNATURE: (redacted)
DATE: 27 Jun. 59

On August 27, 1958 - while vacationing at our summer home located in East 10 Way, N.H. - my family and I decided to go to an auction to be held in Deerfield, N.H. - on our return trip - this is when the incident is said to have occurred. As we came home the elevation of the hill seemed quite high - around 1100 ft. as we drew on the side and along the edge of the valley - then the noise started - it seemed to be a sharp whistling sound - that kept getting louder and louder - finally it seemed as if a tremendous force were right over our car - shook the car violently - then the noise went away to the east - after about 150 yards - all that seemed to happen in about 30 seconds - my wife and I felt something brushed the side of the car - as if a strong wind or something had - the whole family was terrified - as soon as we got home we reported this to the Air Force base at Pease - N.H. - One Sunday after Mass we sighted what we believe was the same object - it was larger, circular in shape, and a very steady light - about as big as a car headlight and about 30 ft. above the ground - and then as we watched it just took off at a tremendous rate of speed.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with extensive text.

Transcribing the text:

from Hillsboro N.H. along a road that runs through the Battle and I observed an air force plane flying over what I estimate to be 500 ft more or less. As he was coming over the hilly country side, there was a time, that as he was hovering (a unusual space pilots), twenty minutes or so we could see the plane and the plane was still in the place where he was hovering, then I was able again, and about the same time those planes were still in the same place hovering higher than at first.
It was really a strange, and they in the plane. It would suddenly descend - this plane I seen - to give about 500 feet - a tremendous speed, then as quick as a flash it would jump up again - a marvelous going on - as I turned the other side to answer the door in question - as I turned the scene (and the plane was there and an absolute stant - which a moving flying saucer, those were simply non existent, they are really planes bearing something entirely new and all vistiably not in our vocabulary. Our eyes were Bulching - look - what is that; those seemed nothing like ordinary planes - I suddenly turned by head - this going back and forth - a most strangest happening - no bird - no jet - this going around the place, behind or through buildings, as I could not understand this at all.
The cause was plain - no wings - no tail - just round orange. Remember we watched down on the object and come to the entire cottage outside with identical color and size video. 
(CONT'D)

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

I was so amazed at the spectacle, that I sat there for several minutes - in a amaze myself that I could not have been an apparition - and that I wanted to see whether the vision or my marvel in the event - that if shall, as I expect, later on , crashed in the woods have - that upon its discovery and landing lay to further or other watchers, that I could tell of my movement, as I saw them. Then we proceeded to the Justice of peace and several farmers & county officials - of they had heard any reports of strange craft, but none could - and when I told my version - they said no normal people, would look askance and say nothing to them, I invite to them, I am not fond to them, but they can tell best what may come of the recital of than we not do more - hoping that may come in the Bixel's have sown, that would come unpleasant as the woods - nothing has been reported to me anywhere

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document.

Aerial object. 
It appeared to me to be either a controlled landing or a 
thin glide of a metal object, that could have turned up 
coming through outer space and was gliding to a crash. 
I request that if your office is interested - I would be 
glad - especially, when the thing is out - to have an air 
force representative meet me and I will show the details, 
direction of flight - altitude - pointing heavy vision - and if 
it were necessary, though doubtful, we could try radio 
have a light them plan of camera if on the course -
I really now, the effect of this time loss, but one does 
not enjoy courtesy jot - it would not was not until we saw this 
more of indiscriminable flying objects, that our thought slowly that 
this were thought must (may-be) should tell if their experience.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
DIVISION OF MARKETS AND STANDARDS
CONCORD
December 29, 1959

Mrs. 
Stoneham, Mass.

Dear Mrs. 

In reply to your recent request, you will find enclosed a copy of the August 20, 1957 issue of the Weekly Market Bulletin which contains a report on the Flying Saucer Conference held in Dunbarton, N.H. to be held on August 27 at 1 p.m.

This is the only auction listed in Dunbarton during the three months mentioned in your letter and we trust it is the one to which you referred.

Yours very truly,
Clement A. Lyon, Director
Bureau of Markets

Enclosure

- page 28 -

The shared image contains a diagram labeled "FIG. 2" which appears to be a time-distance plot or chart depicting the travel time of an unidentified object. The diagram shows an "E" point on the left and a "W" point on the right, with a curved trajectory and angle measurements at 60 degrees and 45 degrees. The text states "TIME TO TRAVEL (APPROX) 3MIN."

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

TIME TO TRAVEL (APPROX) 3MIN.
FIG. 2

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document containing text, but no visual elements besides the text.

Transcription of the text in the document:

"Somewhere over the eastern rim of the southwest region of the center of the constellation known and recorded as the Little Dipper, the lighted object was sighted and observed at the estimated elevation of 60 degrees above the horizon. The halo-like glow, which seemed to be a part of the main object, was elliptical in shape and appeared to be turning or rotating. The object was bright and stationary for a period of about 15 minutes, then it moved and dimmed and disappeared from sight. There is no additional information or description which could be substantiated from the records as a clarification of these sightings, which were on this particular date in this particular geographical area."

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing an observation or report related to a UFO sighting.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"People claim a 'solid glut' that grew to the size of a small tree top, seemed to move with a life or intent of its own. The core of the body seemed to light up visibly, giving off a luminous glow. Occasionally there were a small detached glout - part of the whole - that darted away at tremendous speed, then leisurely returned and merged with the whole. There was no motor noise, just brilliant colors with a mystical sense of control and power. The shape and contour remained constant, yet appeared to be in a fluid state of flux. It simply moved as a unit, no apparent means of propulsion. No noise, no trail of any kind. Simply began to rise and when nearing the horizon it vanished. The time was approximately 9 pm. 

The matter itself was most likely an unusual type of electrical phenomena rather than a solid object. There was no evidence of any kind that it represented an artificial device of human origin. The incident was witnessed by several reliable individuals. Their testimony indicates this was no hoax or imaginary happening, but a true mystery of our time. As I saw it on the lonely road in Deering, New Hampshire, I share a privilege to have witnessed an event that poses more questions than answers."

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing a UFO sighting.

Transcription of the text:

cannot be identified as the correct time. The conditions are to be considerable under this direction. The movement was so slow and deliberate that one observed it for several minutes. The object was bright-shiny in appearance, somewhat shaped like a football, but flattened on the bottom and top. It appeared to be about 500 feet high and about 50 feet in diameter. The object's speed was very slow approximately 20 mph and it traveled in a straight line to the southwest. There was no noise, smoke or exhaust visible. The object at times seemed to flicker or pulsate with a steady glow. After being observed for several minutes the object suddenly increased its speed and disappeared in the southwest direction. The weather was clear, visibility excellent. No clouds in the sky and the wind was calm.

- page 32 -

There is no photograph present in this document. Based on the OCR, the text in the document reads:

all the G.O. witnessing any fast object to appear and form the sky and seemed to make a landing behind a hill.
It was certainly not a balloon. 
It could have been some unknown fast object that we could not identify.
Other than this, there is nothing further to report. The object soon disappeared and there was no further observation.
This photograph was taken at approximately 10:30 P.M. (EST) on (date censored) 1953.
(Name censored)

- page 33 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which contains a written report describing a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

I wonder if you would be interested in a sight my husband and six children and I saw on a day in August 1955.

We were in our car high on a dirt road on the side of a hill overlooking a valley which was heavily wooded.

We all saw it about the same time. A flying object clinical in shape and it was not a plane. It had no wings or rudder of any sort. It was a luminous orange-color and quite large. It was from the distance we were about the size of a dime but it could have been larger. It disappeared into the tree tops on the horizon which was below us. It was going at such a speed that it surprised us all. We wondered where it descended, as we asked about that later. 

We watched it disappear and then drove to our destination which was an auction at Dumbarton. We were in Deering. 

We never reported it for fear we would be ridiculed.

Yours sincerely

My husband, a Major of Infantry during World War II will attest that it was a flying saucer.

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report dated November 24, 1959. The text of the document is as follows:

24 November 1959

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your recent letter concerning an Unidentified Flying Object seen by your family in August 1959. Unfortunately, this sighting does not constitute an addition to a valid statistical analysis of the subject.

There is no U. S. Air Force or Department of Defense documentary film on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects. The Air Force must have been a comment you may have been told, but this is incorrect. The Air Force must be objective in its analysis and evaluation of UFO sightings. As you can see from your information, I am including for your reference a statement on this subject.

Thank you very much for your interest in this matter.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[Redacted]
Stoneham, Massachusetts

Comebeck OI-34
Reader OI-1

- page 35 -

