PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
8 Mar 58

2. LOCATION
Dayton vicinity, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1320 to 1350A W

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Military & Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Brief

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
SSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Small, fnd, slightly red & moving
generally South to SE, and appeared
to be between 5000 to 1000 ft.

11. COMMENTS
The appearance, characteristics,
and movements are typical of a
balloon. Checks confirmed the obj was
without doubt a balloon released
just a few mins before rpts were
received.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO RECORDED IN THREE-MINUTE EXPOSURE
Photographer Bill Shepherd Shot at F16, Tri-X Film

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a house or building with a triangular roof, with some trees or landscape in the background. The photograph looks somewhat grainy and has some handwritten notes at the bottom, though these are not fully legible.


- page 2 -

UFO SIGHTING - DAYTON AREA, 6 March 1958

1. Majority of reports state object small, round, slightly red-and moving generally South to Southeast, and appeared to be between 5000 to 1000 feet. (See winds aloft for these altitudes at that time and place). S to S.E.), Winds coincide with movement of object.

2. A. General time of sighting 6:00 to 6:50 A.M.
   B. Checked with U.S. Weather Service, Mr. Haley, Phone TW 8-4529. Stated winds substantially as above, and balloon released a little after 6:00 A.M. Due to low wind velocity Rose high over Dayton area, but did not move out of the vicinity because of this low velocity. Number of people going to work would naturally notice it.

3. A report of a very reliable source follows:
   Source: M/Sgt Hurley, 6th Weather Grp, WP, Phone 5-6111

   Sighting Brief: Observed sometime between 6:00 to 6:50A.M.
   Moved slowly, about 30° in 7 minutes. Yawned was S. to S.E.
   Shape and color: small, round, slight tinge of red (stated that this was due apparently to early sun's rays) and about 45° elevation.

4. Astro check: astro computer, tables, etc., reveal no astro body in that general direction or area--that would be seen by the naked eye. Venus, 20° below this area, could have been "washed" out momentarily by the sun at 6:15.

5. Conclusions: The appearance, characteristics and movements of the object was without doubt a balloon. The checks above confirm that the object was a balloon released just a few minutes before reported by the general public.


- page 3 -

Astro Check - Venus - Mar 58
Dayton, Ohio

1. Venus very bright

2. At 6:36 AM. L Azimut 25°
close horizon (Low)

3. Sunrise (upper limb is halfway)
- at 6:22 approximately
Rey. Astro - NAU. Somers

4. Daylight at 6:22
rising on horizon, not in clouds low
at 6:75 AM. Sun azimut
10° degrees some horizon -
westerly at Venus.

5. Therefore - up to azimut
6:30 probably Venus if
20° on horizon (with time,
bldg, etc. this would approximately
mean position)

6. After 6:30 - if done so
act. Venus.

Check Mr. Sellers
write for that time.

(7 9)
13 March 1958


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

'OLD FRIEND'                                                                97/20/30     5:50

UFO Scare Here
Blamed on Venus

By OLIVER W. BROWN JR.
Daily News Staff Writer

Dayton today had had its own unidentified flying object - which a local scientist said was not flying and was not unidentified.

The object, variously described as green, yellow, red, white and blue, startled many Dayton area residents around 5:30 a.m. At least one person reported it was his second sighting.

This morning's phenomenon was reported by Dayton and Kettering police, the State Highway Patrol and the Montgomery county sheriff's office, along with a considerable number of early-rising citizens.

A GUARD at the Mound lab in Miamisburg watched it through binoculars. He could see it rising in the sky for about two hours. But, he recalled he'd seen it do the same thing the same position Wednesday morning.

This was the tipoff as far as scientist Kenneth Kissell was concerned. Although he did not see the object, said, "It's our old friend Venus." "It's the same object which excited the populace last December."

Phone calls started in November.

Venus is now appearing about 30 times as bright as the brightest star, Kissell said. He is chairman of the Mosnawan team here and a physicist, dealing with celestial mechanics at Wright-Patterson Air Force base.

"IT'S SO prominent, it looks like a search light on an airplane... It's now appearing far enough away from the sun, out of its glare, to be visible for two hours or so before sunrise... It's a little bit south of the brightest star... by two months it will have faded and just look like a bright star then."

County Sgt. Jack Reese reported: "We watched the object travel east like an object on fire and then it changed to a greenish yellow, then very white light. It then turned and went in a southwest direction."

Today's Chuckle
Salesman: A fellow with a smile on his face, a shine on his shoes and a lousy territory.

7 Daily News
D. Daily News


- page 5 -

Phone Report

1. Recd. Call from - Mr. I - (name appears to be blacked out), came up to clean, informed to this office by Howard Martindls office.

2. Talked if we know of any just a small sighting of a flying disc, was by him and - found man the Golden Springs Road, was home(?) at 7:15 yesterday (Friday) morning. Told him that I know was might contact, was not necessary and come to the 15 min of day to speak to it.

3. Upon requesting that he give me little & left me with photographic stat sheet that it was not necessary. The sight was - belonging - many would come he had a significant interest that we were going off. !!!

Capt. A.G. Long saw
8 March 1957
(I clearly Friday)


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

TUESDAY, MARCH 11, 1958

Off Beat

One Whole Y-
Since the Ver-

Did you e*er asl
I've been sitting her
my first column appea
I remember trying

MIKE HENNESSY

Then the judges dec
of the orphan class.
Some of the columns
my movie, "Lassie, Hop
to Venus" and the repor
arrived here from the d.

THEN THERE was
Interest of science—and
morning spent on the st
of Dayton trying to burn
Then there was the fo
taler who gue-ssed wron
everything but the winn
the Ohio State-Iowa fox...

Actually, it has been a
load of fun—thanks to won-
derful contributions from
readers.

[Partial text from right side of page is cut off]

The image also contains a black and white photograph of Mike Hennessy, who appears to be smiling.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

"Flying Saucer" No Planet
Unless Venus Wears Tail

On the morning of March 6, The Daily News stated, a local expert and "skywatched" member said that UFO unidentified foreign object was Venus. Although—and note—he himself did not see the object!

Approximately 7 o'clock that morning... I noticed a small, round object moving very slowly southeast from my position just south of Xenia. My thing was located at an angle a little higher than halfway up from where I was standing to directly overhead. Upon pointing it out to a friend,

[Note: The rest of the first paragraph is partially cut off]

Letters submitted for publication in this column must bear the full name and address of the writer. All letters subject to condensation.

[Continues] rushed inside and came out with high-powered target-spotting tripod. Both took a look.

If the object was Venus, somebody put a tail on her!

There was a faint rope of wire hanging a little way from below the object when was—a balloon. We could barely see some small gimmick or light attached to the end of the rope. My companion had the balloon like the ones the Air Force boys used to send up during World War II.

I notice a very bright star just about the horizon around the southeast about 45 minutes earlier. I now see this was Venus, but not the Venus many others observed.

Watch out, kids. Don't fly your kites for their being yours. If the saucer believers don't claim the astronomers will.
P. L. WILLIAMS.

to collect both. When will the working man wake up and vote these parasites out of office?
Dayton. GEORGE FREIBERGER.

Bad Films Are Blight
On Whole Community

A theater in Oakwood showing Class XXX movies... What is going on now will be a test on how much the public will take. There are others watching and waiting to add their blight to this community if steps are not taken immediately. This blight can breed into an uncontrollable scourge which we will not be able to shake off.
Dayton. BERNARD WARNER.

New Expense Wipes Out
Cost of Living Gains

On March 3 we received a three-cent-an-hour increase for cost of living at the plant where I work. This is $1.20 a week or $4.80 a month.

This same week I was informed that property tax on my home increased $6 per month. Therefore, with a raise of $4.80 and an increased tax of $6, I am actually losing $1.20 a month.

How can anybody say the cost of living is helping the working man?
As for city income tax raise, I am against it 100 per cent.
LESTER ROUDEBUSH JR.
Dayton.

Warm Feelings After
Rescue From Ice

The members of the Fort Loramie


- page 8 -

