PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
5 Jun 58

2. LOCATION
Uruguay

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Lvl .2200

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
CYes

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not given

7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Rod obj moved so fast it could not
be described. Appeared to be cold,
Rnd ball. Observed in East. Flight in
straight line. Single obj, very fast
no acceleration, believed to be
experimental vehicle for Satellite or
related activity.

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
East

10. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Albeit duration is not rptd the
general characteristics of color,
speed, flight & manner of disappearance are in accord w/ho
analysis of a meteor observation.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Jun 58
110 Cary St. Nov 25, 1966
Hampstead
Montreal 29, 2 que.
Canada

Project Blue Book
Information Office
SAFOI
Wash. D.C. 20330

Dear Sir:

I would like to obtain a copy of the new Air Force booklet "Aids to Identification of Flying Objects". The reason for this request is because of only one strange incident that still puzzles me to this day. It was the year of 1958-1959 in mid-Summer. My father while making a house call, I, & after leaving in the car waiting for his arrival + getting quite bored and hot, (heaven). I'm doing this I noted an object which was moving at a fairly good pace. At first I thought it might be a private plane, because it was circling quite often. It was not a plane because it had no side + with lights. All this time or what was a huge fluorescent green mass of light. It was circling too slow for a good 45 minute. It made no noise until as well. I saw a year effect like the effect of turnover + left in a known not off.


- page 2 -

This sort of type effect. It puzzled me because
it was so high as I telephone pole yet made no vice
what so ever. Strange still was its curiously
sky aimlessly. It was just a mass of green fluorescent
in green stealth light.

I would like to know what this might have
been. In my opinion I do not believe it was a
so called flying saucer. It did not body begin
algid made more mutable substance. It

I hope send me an explanation. I gladly
was absolutely clear. This happened at the time
I lived in Tampa Florida.

P.S. Since then I have read 5 flying saucers books to see if the
might do to answer of an explanation. I believe not.
While the similarity exists it will not make sense.

Thank you again.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form continued

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? (Circle One)
NO IT COULD NOT SEE IT - IT WAS ABOUT 
1 1/2 TO 2 MILES AWAY SITTING ON TOP OF MNT.

15. Did the object move behind something or stay still, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know

16. Did the object move in front of something or stay still, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know

17. Tell in few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NO SOUND
b. Color: BRIGHT RED VERY BRIGHT
c. IT APPEARED LITTLE ROUND

18. (Sketch area)
[A simple sketch of an object labeled "VERY RED-BRIGHT"]

20. Do you wish to continue to the next page of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No) IF YES OR NO, ABOUT 1-2 MILES AWAY

21. Do you wish to continue looking long you first saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No If you continued YES, then how long?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) Inside a building (Circled)

23. Were you moving or in a vehicle at the time?
(Circle One) In a moving automobile (Circled)

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving?
(Various directional options with no selection marked)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
(Various observation method options with some circled)

26. In order that you can get an idea of the size of the object, etc., describe its relation to something on the ground or in the sky:
IT APPEAR FOR THREE MINS - ABOUT SAME TIME 
1/30-ct 1145 PM I T JUST APPEARED FROM 
NO WHERE - JUST LOOKED LIKE IT SAT ON 
TOP OF THE MNT.


- page 4 -

The image shows an "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE UFO FORM" with two sections of a document. Most of the text is handwritten and partially illegible. The form appears to be a standard report document with various fields for recording information about a UFO sighting or incident. The document is in black and white and looks like a vintage official form from the 1950s.

The text that is clearly legible includes:
- "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE UFO FORM" on the right side of the page
- Some dates and numbers, though many are difficult to read precisely
- Checkboxes and various form fields

Most of the specific details are handwritten and not completely clear due to the image quality and handwriting style.


- page 5 -

Text found on the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form continued

Page 7 (top left)
6 March 1957
(Date appears to be handwritten)

The rest of the document appears to be blank or the text is not legible in this scanned image.


- page 6 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form continued

[Most of the text in the document is obscured by black redaction marks, making it largely illegible. The page contains two diagrams: one appears to be a curved trajectory chart with a stylized object, and the other is a circular compass or targeting-style diagram.]

The only clearly legible text is the header "Official U.S. Air Force UFO form continued" and the page number "9" in the top left corner.

Some handwritten text is partially visible on the left side of the document, but it is mostly obscured and cannot be fully read.


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

PDC
AACS
FORECAST TRAJECTORY
ASSUMED TRACK TO FORECAST
DELTA POSITION

A.
B. CONFIRMED 24/1623Z JUNE 8
C. TRACKED DOWN 16/0518Z
D. ALTITUDE OVER 60K
E. SIZE 120 FT
F. MISSION

STATUTE MILES

STATION                TIME            DATE
FORECASTER             UNIT            PLOTTED BY

[Bottom of page has publication information which is partially illegible, but appears to be from the U.S. Air Force Aeronautical Chart and Information Center]

The document appears to be a trajectory forecast chart with a grid overlay, various coordinate lines, and spaces for filling in mission details.


- page 8 -

HEADQUARTERS AIR WEATHER SERVICE
U.S. AIR FORCE

WEATHER PLOTTING CHART
SCALE 1:10,000,000
UNITED STATES
(WRC-AAS SPECIAL)

UNITED STATES WRC-14A (SPECIAL)


- page 9 -

This image appears to be a map, specifically a map of North America with latitude and longitude lines. The map shows the continent with various grid lines and numerical markings. The right side of the map is covered with diagonal crosshatching. The map seems to be a projection map, likely used for navigation or geographical reference. No text is legible on this map beyond some numerical coordinates.


- page 10 -

Text found on the document:

UNITED STATES WRC 144 (SPECIAL)

The document appears to be a map or chart with latitude and longitude lines, grid coordinates, and various markings. The text is primarily the header at the top of the page.


- page 11 -

CENTRO DE INVESTIGACION DE OBJETOS VOLADORES INDENTIFICADOS
(C.I.O.V.I.)
REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY

FICHA DE OBSERVACION

Observación realizada por:
Domicilio:                                 Edad:                Estado Civil:
Profesión u ocupación:                     Jubilada:
Fecha de la observación:                   Junio 5 de 1958                   Hora:
Lugar de la observación: (Departamento, Localidad, Paraje, Calle, etc)
Validado:

Testigos:
Domicilio de los testigos:

Se podía observar o precisar la existencia u un objeto o aparato aparentemente sólido?:

De qué forma?:
Tamaño:
Tenía apariencia de ser metálico?:
Cree Ud. que tenía movimiento giratorio sobre si mismo?:

El movimiento giratorio se apreciaba en todo el aparato? Todo el conjunto giraba?:

Qué parte giraba?:
La visión u objeto,es trasladada?:
En qué dirección?:
La velocidad era uniforme?:                     se aceleraba?:

La tray: recta era en líneas rectas?:
Efecto alguno maniobra?:
Puede describirlo?:

Se le observó movimiento de balanceo?:
Qué altura llevaba?:
Dejaba estela?:
De qué características?:

Había: A) Nubes?:
           De qué tipo?:
        B) Viento:
           En qué dirección soplaba?:


- page 12 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                                   10 Jun 1958
                                                                                   Marysville, Calif.

Source: Flying Saucers - Oct '59

Fargo, North Dakota Newspaper
SMOKING SAUCERS

Marysville, Calif. (AP) A bril-
liant light traveling slowly north-
east past Marysville and emitting
a smoke trail was reported by a
dozen listeners to radio station
KMYC Monday night (February 16,
1959). The object was sighted at
6:00 P.M. Viewers said it disap-
peared into a cloudbank after two
minutes.

Believe the above is the same type
plane seen by me June 10, 1958 at
about 3:50 P.M. It seemed to rise
near a clump of trees growing along
side a stream, and just south of the
small mountain range called The
Buttes. It was a clear day. I imagine
it was not more than 10 or 15 feet
in the air when I first spotted it. It
was gaining altitude rapidly and
headed in a southwesterly direction
It traveled close to the ceiling at an
exceptionally high rate of speed.
Shortly after I first saw it, it was
between me and the sun and I could
see the outline of a cigar-shaped ob-
ject about 150 feet in length, envel-
oped in a cloud of smoke from nose
to tail. It looked like a giant cocoon
hurtling through the sky. Watched
object from moving taxi for about
20 minutes. Phoned C.A.A. at its of-
fice at Yuba Co. (California) Air-
port. Cab driver saw it also.
                        E. G. Carkuff
                        Route 2, Box 1819
                        Grass Valley, California


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

19 JUNE 1958    GLEN ARDEN, MD.    INFO ONLY   NO CASE

THE WASHINGTON POST and TIMES HERALD
Friday, June 20, 1958

Unidentified
Object in Sky
Strikes Home

Claude Williams of Glen Arden, Md. complained yesterday that a whistle which shot out of the blue Wednesday and ripped a three foot hole in the metal porch awning of his home.

Williams said he hadn't the faintest notion what the noise was and when Prince Georges County police, fire-men and Andrews Air Force about 30 feet from the house

Base investigators finished and scratched a tree about 50 feet away.

Capt. Jack Shea and 1st Lieut. Carl W. Peterson, of the Air Force, reported they had completed their investigation, found nothing, and had no theories.

Williams, of 6106 McClain Ave., told police that sometime Wednesday he heard a whistling sound through the awning, and again from the ground

The offices of
PEOPLE'S
LIFE INS. CO.
at 1343 H ST., N.W.
and
MORTGAGE
LOAN DEPT


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
YES. WE LOOKED AT IT AND WHILE WE TURNED OUR HEAD TO TELL MY FATHER (FOR ABOUT 1 SECOND) WHEN WE LOOKED BACK AND IT WAS GONE.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   NO   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:_______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   NO   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:_______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   THERE WAS NO NOISE AT ALL.
b. Color:   LIKE I CIRCLE BEFORE, IT WAS A TRANSPARENT WHITE.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
APPROX. 1/25 OF THE OBJECT WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an elliptical/oval shaped object is included]


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
21 SUMMER 1958
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day:
10 ABOUT 35
Hours     Minutes     A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
COPY                                 11.14 N 15
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                Hours   Minutes   10   Seconds
c. Certain     c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain     d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
THE TIME IT TOOK TO GET FROM CAR TO HOUSE

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Clear           a. Clear
b. Slight          b. Cloudy
c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember


- page 16 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One)
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One)
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                   Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    IT WAS NOT MOVING WHEN WE SAW IT.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    100 FT.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an oilfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                c. East                e. South                g. West
b. Northeast            d. Southeast            f. Southwest            h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No            e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No            f. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No            g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No            h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

THIS OBJECT WAS NOT IN THE SKY, IT WAS IN AN OPEN FIELD NEXT TO OUR HOUSE.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[No text in this section]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Blacked out]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Blacked out]
ADDRESS: [Partially visible] CITY: COPY   ZONE: [Blacked out]   STATE: ILLINOIS
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Blacked out]   AGE: 16   SEX: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
"There is no difference I can think of that would relate in any way to the one above."

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten text appears to read: "I didn't report to anyone at the time I last met Baldwin in UFO"]


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

We checked the sky for airplanes and there were none.

I have no explanation for the incident, but I do know I saw this object and my mother is sure, too. The reason we didn't report it was because we didn't believe in UFO's then, and it wasn't very popular then.

The reason I am writing now is because I am beginning to believe in them more and more and I am not writing this as a fraud, and I hope this report can be of use to you.

Sincerely,
[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Date fields left blank]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

All I remember, in this its was night, in the summer of 1958, we were arriving home from my grandparents who lived in Chicago, IL was 10:30, because we always got home at 10:30 every time we went to Chicago. There were absolutely no lights in the sky or for that matter anywhere around. The nearest house around then was about a block away. The lights in our house were out because we had not reached the house yet. My mother and I got out of our car and in the field next door we saw a streetlight lights, the shape of a circle. We later observed it for about 10 seconds and then turned our head for a very small amount of time. When we looked over, we saw it, it was gone.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

6) Lluvia ?..na.
7) Niebla ?..na.
8) Humedad ?..na.
9) Tiempo tormentoso ?..na.
El fenómeno se produjo:
a) Por debajo de las nubes ?..na.
b) A través de las nubes ?..na.
c) Por entre dos capas de nubes ?..na.

Que temperatura había ?..na.
El fenómeno se detuvo en algún momento ?..na.
Cuál era su color ?..na.
Cambiaba de color ?..na.
Como cambiaba de color ?..na.

Puede precisar la ubicación de los colores ?..na.

Luminosidad general del fenómeno: a)muy brillante. b)regular ?..na.
Destaque si el fenómeno se hallaba cerca de algún lugar importante (tal como aeropuerto, dependencia militar, industria, construcción, etc.)..na.

Notó Ud. que la temperatura ambiente aumentaba ?..na.
Hacia ruido ?..na. Puede describirlo ?..na.

Oyó el ruido: a)antes de apreciar el fenómeno ?..na.
b)simultáneamente ?..na.
c)después ?..na.

Notó si después de ocurrir el fenómeno se observó la precipitación de algún material extraño sobre la otra orilla ?..na.

Notó Ud. si después de la observación experimentó algún trastorno no físico (pérdida de bellos o de cabello, quemaduras en la piel, trastornos digestivos, pérdida de conocimiento, etc.)..na.

Indique si antes de ocurrir el suceso o en el momento de éste, pudo apreciar algún estado de intranquilidad nerviosa en criaturas o animales.

Otras características que crea Ud. necesario destacar.

Los otros testigos vieron lo mismo ?..na.

En que discrepan ?..na. En qué opinan que debe ser explicado del Año Geofísico Internacional.


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case Information Only 29 Jun 1958

Explorer III Died Quietly, Perhaps

CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 2 (UPI) — American satellite Explorer III apparently died on or ahead of schedule with no reported fireworks, experts at Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory said today.

A top official said there had been no confirmed sighting of Explorer III since 10:30 p.m. Friday at Memphis, Tenn., where the artificial moon appeared on schedule. Astrophysicists here and at other agencies had predicted Explorer III would burn up in the Earth's atmosphere by tonight.

Smithsonian scientists continued reporting sightings since Friday night in Connecticut, Arizona and over the Atlantic coast. If still aloft, Explorer III would have passed over the southern half of the United States at varying times last night.

Handwritten note in bottom right corner: "4-12-1, Conn, Atlantic Ocean"


- page 24 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   29 June 1958

ALGENT NEWS STORIES

PILOT SEES UFO SPLIT INTO THREE PARTS: Captain Peter Urouwel of
the Royal Dutch Airline stated on June 29th he saw a "glaring light" dis-
integrate into three parts, while flying to New York City from Shannon, Ire-
land. The previous night, he spotted the light two hours out of Shannon fly-
ing at an altitude of 10,000 feet. The 14th became bright and crossed
our path in a low arc, he related. "The moon was right up there too, so we
could compare the illumination with the moon. It started bright as Venus and
at one time appeared brighter than the moon. Then it suddenly burst into three
parts, each part still very bright. Two seconds later the parts either burned
out or became lost in the clouds beneath us."

[Handwritten note at bottom of page]
SHANNON,
IRELAND


- page 25 -

1 - 15 JULY 1958 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                           OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

1 Jul   Little Neck, New York                                         Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
1       Springfield, Ohio                                             Astro (METEOR)
1       Philadelphia, Pennsylvania                                    Astro (METEOR)
1       Norfolk, Virginia                                             Astro (ARCURUS)
2       E of Ascension Island                                         Astro (METEOR)
2       Columbia, South Carolina                                      Astro (METEOR)
2       W of Germantown, Ohio                                         Astro (STAR)
3       White Cloud, Michigan                                         Balloon
3       31,30N  70.30W (Atlantic)                                     Astro (METEOR)
5       Seattle, Washington                                           Insufficient Data
7       Uruguay                                                       Astro (METEOR)
8       Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania                                    Astro (METEOR)
8       W of Borland, Michigan                                        Insufficient Data
8       Devil River, Texas                                            Balloon
8       Massillon, Ohio                                               Insufficient Data
10      Kentucky, Tennessee, Indiana                                  Astro (METEOR)
10      Billings, Montana                                             Other (ILLUSION)
11      Lincoln, Nebraska                                             Other (REFLECTIONS)
11      Amarillo AFB, Texas                                           Aircraft Tests
11      Blain AFB, France                                             Satellite (SPUTNIK III)
12      13 MI SW of Buffalo, Wyoming                                  Balloon
12      Randolph AFB, Texas                                           Satellite (SPUTNIK III)
12      Michigan, Ohio                                                Satellite (SPUTNIK III)
12      Dayton, Ohio                                                  Aircraft
13      Wellington, Randolph AFB, Texas                               Satellite (SPUTNIK III)
13      Grand Rapids, Michigan                                        Insufficient Data
13      St Louis, Missouri                                            Aircraft
14      Xenia, Bellbrook, Ohio                                        Astro (VENUS)
14      Seoul, Korea                                                  Insufficient Data
14      Pyongtaek Aux Afld, Korea                                     Insufficient Data
14      SW of Bermuda                                                 Astro (METEOR)
15      Oliver Springs, Knoxville, Tennessee                          Satellite (SPUTNIK III)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                           SOURCE                     EVALUATION

4-5     North Carolina Coast                American Meteor Society    
11      Silver City, Texas                  Newsclipping


- page 26 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Es la primera vez que Ud. ve un fenómeno como el que describe.....

Los otros testigos F. R. Artigas.....

Detalle (al lo es posible) cuál se encuentra Ud. haciendo previamente a ocurrir el fenómeno....

Concretamente: cuál es su opinión con respecto a lo ocurrido?....

En las líneas que siguen deseamos que Ud. relate el caso con sus propias palabras. Lo mas detalladamente posible....

Blanco
FIRMA DEL OBSERVADOR

Ced. de Identidad No.............
Cred. Civicos No. 2.287

Some parts of the text are obscured or illegible due to dots or faded text. The document appears to be in Spanish and seems to be a questionnaire or report form about an observed phenomenon, likely a UFO sighting.


- page 27 -

CENTRO DE INVESTIGACION DE OBJETOS VOLADORES IDENTIFICADOS
(C.O.I.N.V.)

REPUBLICA ORIENTAL DEL URUGUAY

FECHA DE OBSERVACION

Observación realizada por:
Domicilio. Residencia:
Profesión u ocupación... Publicista
Fecha de la observación, junio 30. de 1958............. Hora: 23h 20'
Lugar de la observación (Departamento, Localidad, Paraje, Calle, etc)

Testigo:

Domicilio de los testigos:

Se podía observar o precisar la existencia de un objeto o aparato
aparentemente silicó?Sí...

De qué forma?De globos...

Tamaño?Un cuerpo aproximadamente...

Tenía apariencia de ser metálico? No.

Cree Ud. que tenía movimiento giratorio sobre sí mismo?

El movimiento giratorio se apreció en todo el aparato? Todo el
conjunto giraba?

Qué parte giraba?

La visión u objeto, se trasladaba? No...

En qué dirección? Montañas...

La velocidad era uniforme? No... se aceleraba? No...

Trayectoria era en línea recta? Rectilínea...

Efectuó alguna maniobra? No acentuada...

Puede describirla? Se balanceó de un lado a otro...

Se observó movimiento de balanceo? Sí...

Qué altura llevaba? Apareció entre las nubes...

Dejaba estela? No...

De qué características?

Había: A) Nubes? Sí...
         De qué tipo? Cirrus...
       B) Viento? Sí...
         En qué dirección soplaba? Este...


- page 28 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

9) Lluvia? No.
2) Niebla? No.
3) Humedad? No.
4) Tiempo momentoso?...Si...
Tiempo que lugar octuvo la tormenta?...Cubiertas del cielo
El fenómeno se produjo: a)Por encima de las nubes? Si.
                         b)Por debajo de las nubes? No.
                         c)Atravez de las nubes? Si.
                         d)Por entre dos capas de nubes?...Si.

Que temperatura había?...Bastante calurosa.
El fenómeno se detuvo en algún momento? Si.
Cuál era su color?...Rojizo.
Cambio de color? No.
Como cambiaba de color? No cambia...No color.

Puede precisar la ubicación de los colores? No, para mi algo.

Luminosidad general del fenómeno: a)muy brillante? Si.
                                   b)regular? No.
                                   c)débil? No.

Destaque si el fenómeno es hallado cerca de algún lugar importante (tal como aeropuerto, dependencia militar, industria vital, etc.)...Un alrededor...Una ciudad...

Notó Ud. que la temperatura ambiente aumentaba? No.
Había ruido? No.
Puede describirlo en silencio...

Oyó el ruido: a)antes de apreciar el fenómeno? No.
               b)simultáneamente? No.
               c)después? No.

Notó si después de ocurrir el fenómeno se observó la precipitación de alguna materia extraña sobre la torre? No.

Notó Ud. alguna alteración eléctrica (en su casa, auto, alumbrado público, etc.)? Ninguna, porque no había energía.

Indique si después de la observación Ud. experimentó algún trastorno físico (perdida de bollos o de cabello, quemaduras en la piel, trastornos digestivos, pérdida de conocimiento, etc.)...Nada.

Indique si antes de ocurrir el suceso o en el momento de éste, pudo apreciar algún estado de intranquilidad o excitación nerviosa en criaturas o animales? No.

Otras características que cree Ud. necesario destacar...

Los otros testigos vieron lo mismo? No había testigos.

En que discrepan?...


- page 29 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-3-

En la primera vez que Ud. ve un fenómeno como el que describe?...Si
Los otros testigos?...de saben...

Detalle (si lo es posible) qué se encontraba Ud. inicialmente prevé-
mente o ocurrió el fenómeno. Observaba. Si cayasie. antes de dormirse.
etc. etc.

Concretamente: cuál es su opinión con respecto a lo ocurrido?
Cómo. qué siente. Fantasea. NADA. Qué. por. qué. espontáneo. de alguna cada
vez. lo. quiere. a dónde. se conoce. cuándo. más. secreto. para algún otro sabe-
ber. los. existentes. que existen. en. lo. maravilloso. de. espacio...

En las líneas que siguen deseamos que Ud. relate el caso con sus
propias palabras, lo más detalladamente que lo sea posible...

Blanca R.
FIRMA DEL OBSERVADOR

Ced. de Identidad No...
Cred. Cívica No... D.A. 267...


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ASTRONOMY

Saturn and Jupiter Visible

Three bright stars now seen in the eastern sky will become even more prominent in upcoming months. June 21 marks official beginning of summer in Northern Hemisphere.

By JAMES STOKLEY

▶ BRILLIANT JUPITER, to the south, and Saturn, conspicuous although it is less than a sixth as bright, are two of the principal objects to be seen in the sky. Both of these planets are shown on the accompanying map, which depicts their positions as they look about 10:00 p.m. your own kind of standard time (add one hour for daylight saving time) at the first of June, or an hour earlier at the middle of the month.

The stars are the background against which the man-made earth satellites can be seen as they flash briefly across the heavens.

Jupiter is in the constellation of Virgo, in the bright group, Spica is classical its magnitude is about 12 times as bright. Saturn, in Ophiuchus, the serpent bearer, is of intermediate brightness, with magnitude 0.2.

A little to the right of Saturn will see Scorpius, the scorpion, with Antares, a bright red star that is definitely red in color. And over in the west, to the right of Denebola, Low in the northwest, parts of Gemini, the twins, and Auriga, the charioteer, are still visible. Pollux and Capella, first magnitude stars in these groups, appear much fainter because they are close to the horizon and here it is much absorption of their light by the earth's atmosphere.

Bright Stars in East

In the east you will find three bright stars that will become even more prominent next coming months. These are Vega, in Lyra, the lyre; Deneb, in Cygnus, the swan, which is just below Lyra; and Altair, in Aquila, the eagle, to the right of Cygnus.

Another name for the swan is the Northern Cross, which is now seen in a partially inverted position, for Deneb is at the head of the cross.

The Great Dipper, part of Ursa Major, the great bear, stands high in the northwest. Dubhe and Merak, the "pointers" in the bowl of the dipper, are below; if you follow them to the right, you come to Polaris, the pole star, in Ursa Minor, the lesser bear.

The dipper's handle forms a guide to other prominent stars. If you follow its curve, through Alioth, Mizar and Alkaid, toward the south, you come to brilliant Arcturus in Bootes. Continuing still farther, if bring you to Spica, and Jupiter.

In June, although Mercury is too close to the sun to be seen, Venus and Mars are visible later in the night. Mars comes up

to the east. But the nearer a planet is to the sun, the higher the speed. The earth's mean velocity in its orbit is 18.5 miles per second, compared with 8.1 maps for Jupiter.

Since February, both earth and Jupiter have been in about the same direction from the sun. With the earth's greater speed, it has pulled past the outer planet, however. Viewed against the background of distant stars, therefore, Jupiter has seemed to move backwards, toward the west. In the same way, if you are traveling on an express train and pass a freight train on the next track, the slower freight may seem to be going the other way, even though actually it is moving in the same direction that you are. On Feb. 15 the earth began to pass Jupiter. By June 19 it will have pulled by and Jupiter will resume its usual, direct, easterly motion among the stars.

Also, the earth is now passing Saturn which is opposite the sun and closest to the earth (839,000,000 miles away) on June 13. Saturn, whose orbital speed is six miles per second, is also moving backward among the stars, as it has been since April 4. On Aug. 24 it will resume its direct or eastward movement.

At this time of year we have the opportunity of catching a fleeting glimpse, in the evening sky, of a prominent constellation which can never be seen completely from most parts of the United States. This is Centaurus, the centaur.

A few of the northernmost stars in this constellation are shown on the map of the

[The rest of the text includes descriptions of star charts and their symbols]


- page 31 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

southern sky, just above the horizon. The
red of the group is a south that it fails
to rise at all. The first star south you are
the higher these stars rise, and from south
an Florida on June evenings, if it were
perfectly clear right down to the southern
horizon, you would see two very bright stars
in the centaur, Alpha and Beta Centauri.

Sun's Closest Star

Alpha Centauri is famous because it is
the sun's closest neighbor in space. Actu-
ally it is a double star, consisting of two
separate orbs, revolving around a common
center of gravity. They have a more distant
and fainter companion, which may be a
little closer than the bright pair. This is
called Proxima.

The distance of the Alpha Centauri sys-
tem is about 26 million million miles, or 4.3
light years. That is, their light, which travels
186,000 miles every second, takes that many
years to reach us. If, in a scale model, the
period at the end of this sentence repre-
sented the sun, Alpha Centauri would be a
color five miles away!

The centaur, it will be recalled, was a
mythological creature with the head and
shoulders of a man and the body and legs
of a horse. This constellation, on the old
star maps, was showing a spear which
he was using to defend himself from a wolf,
represented by the constellation of Lupus
to the left of Centaurus.

The kind legs of the centaur are a very
famous group of stars, for these make up
the Southern Cross, the constellation Crux.
Originally considered part of Centaurus, it
is now located separately. From southern
Florida, and Shore Cross just shares
Texas, the Southern Cross just rises above
the horizon; from Central and South
America it comes directly south of Corpus,
Crux is a constellation to the right of Spica
cross, a constellation lower down in the sky,
and a little lower, which is shaped like a
ship's mainsail.

Actually, the Southern Cross is not as
"good" a cross as our Northern Cross. Four
bright stars mark its extremities, but there
is no star, as there is in the northern coun-
terpart, to mark the intersection. To people
who live in southern countries, it is a
symbol of their homeland, and the Southern
cross appears on the flags of New Zealand
and Australia.

Celestial Time Table for June

June    EST
1       3:53 p.m.   Full moon.
2       12:15 p.m.  Moon passes Saturn.
3       1:50 p.m.   Moon in last quarter.
10      11:08 a.m.  Moon passes Mars.
         midnight   Moon farthest, distance 351-
                    300 miles.
13      6:00 p.m.   Saturn opposite sun and near-
                    est, opposition 839,000,000
                    miles.
         9:31 p.m.  Moon passes Venus.
17      2:59 a.m.   New moon.
21      4:37 p.m.   Sun farthest north, summer
                    commences.
24      4:44 a.m.   Moon in first quarter.
25      1:59 p.m.   Moon passes Jupiter.
26      4:00 p.m.   Moon nearest, distance 220-
                    200 miles.
29      6:10 p.m.   Moon passes Saturn.

Subhead: one hour for CST, two hours for
MST, and three for PST.

Science News Letter, May 24, 1958


- page 32 -

