PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
12 August 1958

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 9:22 P.M.
GMT: 13/0222Z

5. PHOTOS
No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
17 secs

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Medium red obj, near perfect circle, edges sharply outlined, had a steady movement fm West to East, size of dime.

2. LOCATION
Cleveland, Ohio

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

6. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

11. COMMENTS
Meteor Sighting.

9. COURSE
East

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

Meteor Sighting.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Do. After blank upon can. estimate how five
George of the after this time do accurate estimate

My name is
- Cleveland, Ohio

Telephone is:
Presently among the uncertainty
Lge-35 Set - File
Junior High School - Huntington Elementary
High School - Most Technical from Probably

Rate questionnaire complete
9-9-58

Data questionnaire sent to U.S.G.G.F.T.S.
9-25-58

P.S. Further thought on Question Number Ten, real complete mediums explanation with the object new - light is very clear. I have the right understanding of this light to get the object as a clear with ... moving of the earth.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

and suffering of the eyes got the effect to a
degree, that after it got into the earth's atmosphere
it will remain to modern rest & slow.

P.S. In a hurrying up to my statement of the views
of it - would like to point out any experience
long with this kind of my history of the studies
lying quite.

"The [illegible text] with the
[illegible text]

just as might setup in his
fly well - know "angles here" that follow...
the sky on the exchange of the wife's 3.

Also:

Note: Some text is obscured by black redaction marks, making those portions illegible.


- page 3 -

United States Air Force Technical Information Sheet

Date of sighting
Month    August    Year    1958

Time of day
Hour    9 (2122)    Minutes    22

Time Zone    Eastern Standard

Reported place of sighting    Cleveland (C.P.D.)
Home    [redacted]

Crew estimate of length of sighting were
approximately    1'17", seemed to be    
2-or-3 seconds when very    
I gave the object our approximately simultaneous    

Conditions of sky
(ft. (tide) sky)    was dark

Did not see object at daylight hardly
or dawn. This sighting was distinct

I now see the object at night's
1.1 Stars were many
8(2) Single moonlight
a distance of the sky to the effects
brightness

The answer to "11" question is that the object
[rest of text is partially illegible]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

XE was more

(with the brightness of a sun - nearly glare)

12. The object some moved vehicle moving anything else...

It was a bell-clear night equal the object moved

level in a "clean" pattern horizontal of line.

P.B. - 

sight of lost
of object
begin P.B.
of rest

I lost it P.C.B.

① Did the object:
a. appear to stand still at any time?
b. suddenly speed up with such swing at any time?
c. Break up into parts or exhibit?
d. Give off ember?
e. Change bright mass?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, hover, or pulsate?

(The object, as stated in question 10, did not change in any way, up or down, at up, up, at a steady pace of motion, or appeared as being "drawn", taken to a more not still of force, instantaneously.)

② Did the object move in front of or behind any thing, particularly a cloud?
Ans. (The sky was bell-clean)

③ Did the object move in front of anything

④ Did the object appear:

(continued)


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

(13) Did you observe the object through any of the following?
Ans. Not with any of these.
Just with the naked eye.

(16) Tell me a few words about the following things about the object:
a. Sound - There was no sound.
B. Color - The color was reddish at all times. Hues the sighting.

(17) [A hand-drawn diagram with East-West orientation]

The object was a near perfect circle 9 relative 9 seen as a bottom view or 7 looked up.
There were no exhaust or vapors + trails.
No wings, no continuation, etc., just a perfect red circle object.

(18) The edges of the object
© Sharply outlined

(19) There was of only one object.

[Two additional East-West orientation diagrams]

The motion the object made was able to a horizontal "slow" motion apparently yet completely (text partially cut off)


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

23 @ dime

(9 look at passing or my pocket and having
of the same length as present, I decide to
the penny and it covered the area of the
object.

23.1 Answers to Question 22

@ Certain.

23 How did the object disappear from view-
line. The neighboring trees by distinction
may view.

Also. The object came from the west on
a straight parallel horizontal line of
motion and left my view to the east
in the same amount.

24 This is a hypothetical question obviously
to view as many facts of the case as possible,
but, I'll give my view for what its worth.

To interest with my theory at the flight as seen
is this:

I have learned, for years, that it is completely
an "analogy" of a possible, more-available
material which gives us clues of shape to the
object. These bits would of themselves-which I think
is I have, these, that to tell exactly how electro-magnetic

[Note: Some words at the bottom of the page are partially cut off or illegible]


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

that being the "travel" or "motion" of the second
its direct degree. Loss of "motion" I believe
there is a "give" in its Today when transmitting
from a horizontal to a vertical magnetization possible
Being as we know to electro magnetism
is 2 to 1, therefore only can't there be can't be
all-way site field in point, back, east, note of
the search at all time, takes existing a
line or lines of else - say note "constantly"
as such diagrammed below.

P.T.C.P.O.H.+.P.T.B
+ + + + + + +
P.T.A
+ + + + + + +
270°

(P.T.A.) would evolve at say, 20%
of electro-magnetic "constancy"
(P.T.B.) Would evolve at say, 40%
of electro-magnetic "constancy"
(P.T.C.) Would evolve at say, 80%
of "constancy"

Also the side-way "motion" or
travel could be either from
within, or without, as the field
of force is lengthened, or shortened.

Of course, concerning the shape of the object
it would be of a circular nature,
such as the circular pattern make up of
only minutes, quite spread beyond of this
human. The key is dollar. Greater of constitute


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

of w. f. o's in relationship to the
pattern and construction of our universe
and space beyond to circumscribe further.
The size of the object is not significant
it could be any size.

25 Where were you located within the
the object? © Out doors

26 3 Residential section of the city

27 I was waiting to view the horizon
some from the Truman of the last 5 minutes
approached previous to the last 5 minutes
in Cleveland's area of was scanning
sky to the North Northwest within thinking
my best Northwest what I could see flying
of the object and follow its wind to distant
3-5 from density overhead until it close passed
from view to the east, and lost to the

natural surroundings.

28 Answer to #26 question.
I was not in an automobile

29 What duration were you looking when you
first saw the object. Answer © West


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? Answer: East

31. 1. Appearance
    not sure
    45° from west on horizon, morning north

    2. not sure

33. Approximately 55° to 60° due east to classifcation base

[Two hand-drawn diagrams showing angular measurements]

34.1
34.2
34.3
34.4

35. When did you report to some official else your view of the object?

day         month         year
17th        August        1958

I reported my sighting to Carl J. Liff, member of N.I.C.A.P. in the Greater Cleveland area, (National Investigating Committee for Civil Phenomena)

36. Was anyone with you at the time you saw the object? No

(Cover)


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Was this the first time that you saw an object, or object like this? Answer: Yes

In your opinion what do you think this object was? Could what might have caused it?
Answer: I believe the object was an A.C. 
Why? Because it was true there was two facts
for an object, it left most an excellent
in a very clear sky. It was not a balloon, because at the tremendous height
was not wavering in motion, nor off at some
irregular course at any time. Could as well think
that high would not have as well off the
page of a penny. The only back it was of
the star themselves. It was not of
natural cause.

Do you think you could estimate the speed
of the object? (Answer) At the time I saw the object I could
approximately lasted for 17 seconds, I watched
after watching late that night of approximately 10 minutes
after. This consisting the two objects. All say
the thing traveled at some tremendous miles per
hour, though it was not as high as the
time document is the differential between


- page 11 -

