The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE: 8 August 1958
2. LOCATION: Ponca City, Oklahoma
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 04/1015Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar, Air-Visual
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 45 min.
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Red & orange, round obj, size of basketball size similar to 4th of July spark-display sound or buzzing of bee which registered louder & louder as obj moved forward & away fm obsvr straight up at tremendous speed. Comments:

Cannot conclude due to task of necessary info. Elimination sound as a factor all other considerations indicate a missile- type sighting. Jupiter, Venus, Mars & Saturn were not sighting at the time. Only astro-object of any significance is an aircraft type light high in sky which however, no firm conclusion can be reached.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

Desk #26, 4715th Ground Observer Squadron, Joplin Air Defense Filter Center (47515), Undentified Aerial Object, 1958
1. Position, title, and comments of the reporting officer:
Paul M. Dudley, Deputy Director, United States Air Force Joplin Air Defense Filter Center, Joplin, Missouri. This officer observed the physical phenomena described and considered the performance characteristics as given.
2. Physical characteristics observed: The physical characteristics of the object are described as follows: The object appeared as a single, brilliant, intensely luminous object, glowing in a whitish-orange color, and estimating it to be approximately 10-15 feet in diameter. The object was observed to be moving at a very high rate of speed, traveling in a straight line, and appearing to be completely silent. The general direction of travel was from west to east. The object was observed for approximately 30 seconds.
3. Evidence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: None.
[Signed] J. E. SUTTON Captain, USAF Commander

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document page from the Project Blue Book archives, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

DETACHMENT # 6
4715TH GROUND OBSERVER SQUADRON
JOPLIN AIR DEFENSE FILTER CENTER
Hotel Connor, Joplin, Missouri
20 August 1958

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. The following information concerning an unidentified flying object in this filter center area is submitted in accordance with instructions contained in AFR 200-2, dated 5 February 1958:

a. Description of the Object:
(1) Shape - Round, like a basketball.
(2) Size compared to a known object - A basketball, held in the hand at about arm's length.
(3) Color - Red and orange.
(4) Number - One (1).
(5) Formation - Not applicable.
(6) Any discernible features or details - The round object had small protusions of light which alternately went off and on.
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust - None.
(8) Sound - Like the buzzing of a bee which alternated louder or softer as the object moved toward or away from the observer.
(9) Other - (Pertinent or unusual features) - None.

b. Description of Course of Object:
(1) What first called the attention of observers to the object - The sudden appearance of the red and orange glow with light pulsations going on and off.
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance - Unknown.
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon first being observed - Unknown.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object - The object would alternately move toward the observer and then away, always very slowly.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report containing text only.

OCR Output:

Des #6, 471st Ground Observer Squadron, Joplin Air Defense Filter Center, Joplin, Missouri: SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

(5) How did the object disappear? - The object suddenly left going straight up at tremendous speed, disappearing instantly.

(6) How long was the object visible? -45 minutes.

a. Manner of Observation:
(1) Ground - Visual.
(2) Optical Aids Used - None.
(3) If sighting made while airborne - Not applicable.

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu Time - 1015Z.
(2) Date of Sighting - 4 August 1958.
(3) Light Conditions - Night.

e. Location of Observer:
(1) Exact latitude and longitude 36-41 North, 97-03 West.
(2) Geographical Position - Southeast of Ponca City, Oklahoma, in rural outskirts.

f. Identifying Information on Observers:
(1) Civilian - , Age 35, Rural Route, Ponca City, Oklahoma, Telephone 
(2) Civilian - , Age 11, above address, Student.

g. Weather and Winds - Conditions at time and place of sighting:
(1) Observers' account of weather conditions - Weather described as fair and clear.
(2) Report from nearest Weather Bureau Office - In weather reports from Oklahoma City and Tulsa Weather Bureaus the following are winds aloft reports which were obtainable for the period 1000 to 1100 hours Zulu indicated. These winds aloft reports were confirmed as correct, by the Regional Weather Bureau at Kansas City, Kansas.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Det #6, a 715th Ground Observer Squadron, Joplin Air Defense Filter Center, Hoot's Corner, Joplin, Missouri, Subject: Unidentified Flying Object Report, 13 August 1958

The document provides details about an unidentified flying object sighting, including information on altitude, degrees, velocity, weather conditions, moon phase, sun rise, and weather balloons. There is no other unusual activity or condition mentioned for this sighting. The document also states that no interception or identification action was taken.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a report about an unidentified flying object sighting on August 13, 1958 in Ponca City, Oklahoma.

Transcribing the text from the document:

Det #5, 4715th Ground Observer Squadron, Joplin Air Defense Filter Center, Joplin, Missouri, Subject: Unidentified Flying Object, 13 Aug 58

This officer feels that in view of the insufficient information, a good air technical intelligence report is possible given to the intelligence officer concerning the matter, as this observer saw something, giving an honest account of what was seen, and that this sighting constitutes a valid Unidentified Flying Object.

1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs - None.

A.J. Gulton
Captain, USAF
Commander

Fratly Sngle

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE  13 AUGUST 1958
2. LOCATION  Ponca City, Oklahoma
3. TIME  6:30/22202
4. PHOTOS  D Yes
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION  15 minutes
6. SOURCE  Civilian
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Brief description of the object: A bright orange object, traveling rapidly at an unknown speed, to have a tail, moving north to south.  Object disappeared or was extinguished, corresponding to the observers description.
11. COMMENTS  It is believed obj was a meteor.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DETACHMENT # 6 
475TH GROUND OBSERVER SQUADRON 
JOPLIN AIR DEFENSE FILTER CENTER
Hotel Connor, Joplin, Missouri

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. The following information concerning an unidentified flying object in this filter center area is submitted in accordance with instructions contained in AFR 200-2, dated 3 February 1958:

a. Description of the Object:
(1) Shape - Round. 
(2) Size compared to known object - One tenth the size of a dime, held in the hand at about arm's length. The observer also compared the object's size to a ball shot from a large German candle.
(3) Color - Bright, fiery orange.
(4) Number - One (1).
(5) Formation - Not applicable.
(6) Any discernible features or details - The observer said the object looked like a ball of fire, or bright, fiery light, orange in color and was travelling at a high rate of speed. He commented that the object appeared to be far in the distance, maybe 30 miles away. The observer further stated that he did not know if the object might be a satellite, a meteor or something else. He did not believe it was a meteor that he observed. However, he admitted never having actually seen a meteor or fireball background in astronomy or meteorology.
(7) Tail, Trail or Exhaust - The observer stated the object appeared to have a tail to it and, assuming it was 4 inch in diameter, the tail would be one (1) inch in length.
(8) Sound - None.

b. Description of Course of Object:
(1) What first called the attention of the observer - The observer had just closed his garage door, facing east, turned to the left and then noticed the fiery, bright object in the northeast traveling at terrific speed.

- page 8 -

This document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a portion of a report from Project Blue Book, focusing on an unidentified flying object sighting near Ponca City, Oklahoma on August 13, 1958.

Det #9, 447th Ground Observer Squadron, Joplin Air Defense Filter Center, Hotel Connor, Joplin, Missouri, SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report
1. Angle of elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance (2) - The angle of elevation was 30 degrees and the azimuth was 40 degrees.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon first observed (3) - The object was first observed in the Northeast at an angle of about 40 to 45 degrees.
3. The object first observed in the Northeast, was traveling North to South in a precise and corresponding to the earth's curvature. It did not perform any evasive maneuvers.
4. The object disappeared (5) - The object simply disappeared, bright light was burned out and disappeared as if the bright light was turned off.
5. Manner of Observation: (1) Ground - Visual. (2) Optical Aids Used - None. (3) If sighting made while airborne - Not applicable.
6. Time and date of sighting: (1) Zulu Time - 2620.7. (2) Date of Sighting - 13 August 1958. (3) Light Conditions - Night.
7. Location of Observers: (1) Exact latitude and longitude 36-42 North, 97-05 West. (2) Geographical Position - East-North-East side of Ponca City, Oklahoma, more toward the center of the North-eastern side of town.
8. Identifying Information on Observer: None provided.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was the US Air Force's study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Dept AC, 4715th Ground Observer Squadron, Joplin Air Defense Filter Center, Joplin, Missouri: Civilian - Mrs. H. E. Whepne, Telephone Number - 38-4477. Observer at local Tourist Continental Oil Company. Mrs. Ward has such complete details of the incident and is adjudged to be a highly reliable and sincere observer.

Sightings: Weather and Winds - Conditions at time and place of sighting: (1) Observer's account of weather conditions - Fair and clear, with no moon observed. However, the numerous stars were clearly visible.

(2) Supplemental weather report from the Kansas City Regional Weather Bureau: The following are wind shear reports which obtained for the period 2100 to 2700 hours ZUlu indicated.

Altitude   Degrees   Velocity (Knots)
Surface        112       5 knots
5,000 feet      096       10 knots
7,000 feet      090       15 knots
10,000 feet     037       20 knots
15,000 feet     359       15 knots
20,000 feet     325       10 knots

(3) Ceiling - Unlimited.
(4) Visibility - 10 miles or more.
(5) Amount of Cloud Cover - Clear.
(6) Thunderstorms in area - None.

As for other unusual activity or conditions (Meteorological, Astronomical, etc.) - None could be ascertained although the possibility of the object being a meteor has not been excluded.

1. Interception or identification action taken - None.

Civil Aeronautics Center was contacted, but they have nothing logged for time and date of unidentified flying object sighting over Ponca City, Oklahoma.

- page 10 -

