PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
3 Jan 58

2. LOCATION
Houston, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local night

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. GMT
not given

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
One

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
descending

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Star-like obj slowly descending near
Deneb in the constellation Cygnus, which
at this time was low on the NW horizon.
Obj had brilliance of 1st mag star.
Dimmed as it descended & disappeared
behind trees. Did not appear to be burning, not a meteor, not oscillating like
weather balloon.

11. COMMENTS
No duration, speed other than
slow, or enough data for
analysis. Case considered as
insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
[x] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Cover Sheet, Cat #1, Subj: UFO Report from Mr. [redacted] dtd 24 Mar 58,

d. January 12 sightings: We have no report of any burning object in this area. If, as source states, all the neighbors observed the incident, why was his query not addressed to his local police, firemen, press, etc., instead of to the Air Force through the editor of TIMS magazine.

e. January 14 sightings: It is believed that the objects observed through the telescope were jet aircraft at high altitude. They often give the appearance described.

f. Although not conclusively identified as yet, data provided will be used as part of our continuous study of aerial phenomena, followed with a statement of appreciation for reporting.

1 Incl:
Ltr frm [redacted]
dtd 17 Jan

NICHOLAS POST
Assistant Deputy
AFCIN-Ne

2


- page 2 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
11 Jan 58

2. LOCATION
Houston, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local night

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual Ground-Radar
Air-Visual Air-Intercept Radar

5. GMT
Not given

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Four

9. COURSE
Not given

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One of three rptd sightings in a letter to TIME magazine. This one of four ovals in formation observed thru a telescope. Estimated speed at less than 200 mph, & size of objs at 150-200 ft. Only flaw to low alt (150'). No sound.

11. COMMENTS
Possible a/c in formation. This rpt was forwarded in the form of a letter to a magazine and did not receive any investigation. Not therefore very verifiable. Let top written to the observer four months after observation explain difficulties in analysis of this type of rpt.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Other Unarticulable
Insufficient Data for Evolution
Unknown


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

These two celestial occurrences should have been sufficient to hold us, but mark no:

On the night of January 14, I was in my back yard about 10:30 p.m., looking at the stars through my 4-inch telescope. At that particular moment, I had stopped away from my scope and was looking in the direction of Gemini (illegible), when suddenly four oval-shaped objects, one-behind the other, and in perfect formation, flew across my line of sight, very low, (I would say around 150 feet). These objects were not lighted at all, were grayish in color from the lights of the city (the moon was not in the sky). They were flying exactly uniformly in speed, at less than 200 miles an hour, I would say. 12 to 15 objects were low as they appeared. In less than one minute, they disappeared from sight. As a guess, I would say that each oval was perhaps 30 to 40 feet in diameter. Because of their exact flying speed in relation to each other, it is possible that each was attached to the same long object which would be invisible if it were painted black (like gondolas under a dirigible). No sound was audible, not even a murmur.

My private theory is that Ellington field, about 20 miles southeast of my house, where many jets are in operation, knows something about these objects. If they belong to our government (power without sound on lights, and perfect maneuverability) we've got the next war won.

The document also contains two hand-drawn sketches labeled "Flying object" with accompanying notes, but the text of those notes is not clearly legible.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAFIS-3/Maj Tacker/jmd/73328

15 April 1958

Dear Mr.

This is to acknowledge your letter of 17 January concerning unidentified flying object sightings.

The Air Force has no report of a burning object over Houston, Texas on 12 January 1958.

With reference to the objects sighted on 14 January 1958, they were probably high flying jet aircraft.

Without photographs, accurate azimuths, evaluations, bearings, exact times and identification based upon the observer's own description it is difficult, if not impossible, to definitely evaluate such sightings.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr.
Houston 6, Texas

COMEBACK-SAFIS3
READER-SARIS-1
STAYBACK-SAFIS-3


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

January 17
1 9 5 6

Editor Times
New York

Dear Sir:

There are some strange goings-on in the evening and night sky above Houston.

On the night of January 3, my wife and I, upon returning from a visit to a bookstore, observed a star-like or slowly descending near Deneb in the constellation Cygnus in the low North-western sky. This object, with the brilliancy of a first magnitude star, dimmed as it sank, becoming barely visible when it disappeared from view being treetops. It did not appear to be a burning object, such as a gas-filled weather balloon. It definitely was not a shooting star or a meteor.

On the late afternoon of January 12, just before dusk, I was searching the western sky for a glimpse of the planet Mercury. I could not see Mercury because of the brilliancy of the sky (the sun and sky not my artificial) was a vivid orange colored object which, at first, appeared to be a giant multi-motored plane, lit by the rays of the declining sun. It grew brighter for a few minutes but did not appear to be approaching or even moving, except for a perceptible downward drift. I decided it must be a burning plane, but I could see no smoke. I raced into the house for my binoculars (7 powers) and shouted to my wife and daughter to see the spectacle. They ran outside (also on a main road across the street), and we all examined the object intently through the glasses. The object definitely was burning (my wife called it a raft). "It was a mass of flames reaching into the air almost as high as the object was long. The flames were on the left side (south) than the common right side. This object, too, grew dimmer and finally, after about six or seven minutes, sank out of sight. We judged it to be about 10 to 20 miles away. If we were that far, the widespread map we have been at least 150 feet. Later, my daughter, age 24, drew a few pictures of it, independently. Her drawing was remarkably like mine."


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Editor Time
New York

Dear Sir:

There are some strange goings-on in the evening and night sky above Houston.

On the night of January 3, my wife and I, upon returning from a visit to a bookstore, observed a star-like object slowly descending near Domb in the constellation Cygnus in the low North-western sky. This object, with the brilliancy of a first magnitude star, dimmed as it sank, becoming barely visible when it disappeared from view behind treetops. It did not appear to be a burning object such as a gas-filled wealth balloon. It definitely was not a shooting star or a meteor.

On the late afternoon of January 12, just before dusk, I was searching the western sky for a glimpse of the planet Mercury. I could not see Mercury because of the brilliancy of the sky (the sun had set) but at first, appeared to be a giant multi-motored plane. At first, my rays of the declining sun. It grew brighter for a few minutes, but did not appear to be approaching or even moving, except for a perceptible downward drift. I decided it must be a burning plane, but I could see no smoke. I raced into the house for my binoculars (7 powers) and shouted to my wife and daughter to see the spectacle. They ran outside (also our maid and neighbors from across the street), and we all examined the object intensely through the glasses. The object definitely was burning in a very peculiar way. It was a mass of flames reaching into the air almost as high as the object was long. The flames were higher on the left side (south) than the right side. This object, too, grew dimmer and finally, after about six or seven minutes, sank out of sight. We judged it to be about 10 to 20 miles away. If it were that far, the wing spread must have been at least 150 feet. Later, my daughter, age 20, after pictures of it, independently. Her drawing was remarkably like mine.

Dated January 17
1 9 5 6


- page 7 -

These two celestial occurrences should have been sufficient to hold us, but read no:

On the night of January 14, I was in my back yard about 10:30 p.m., looking at the stars through my 4-inch telescope. At that particular moment, I had stepped away from my scope and was looking in the direction of Gemini (Castor and Pollux), when suddenly four oval-shaped objects, one-behind the other and in perfect formation, flew across my line of sight, very low. (would say under 150 feet.) These objects were not lighted at all, were grayish in color from the lights of the city (the moon was not in the sky). They were flying exactly uniformly in speed, at less than 200 miles an hour, I would say, if the objects were as low as they appeared. In less than one minute, they disappeared from sight. As a guess, I would say that each oval was perhaps 30 to 40 feet in diameter. Because of their exact flying speed in relation to each other, it is possible that each was attached to the same long object which would be invisible if it were painted black (like gondolas under a dirigible). No sound was audible, not even a murmur.

My private theory is that Ellington Field, about 20 miles southeast of my house, where many jets are in operation, knows something about these objects. If they belong to our government (power without sound or lights, and perfect maneuverability) we've got the next war won.

[The document also contains two hand-drawn sketches labeled "Flying Saucer" and "Flying (2nd) place history"]


- page 8 -

UFO Report from Mr. [redacted]

SAFE-3, Major Tucker                                                   24 March 1958

AFCIN-142                                                               1
                                                    AFCIN-142/Capt Gregory/mmm/6-9216

1.  Subject report has been reviewed. There appears to be three unrelated
    incidents involved.

2.  Suggestions upon which to base a reply:
    a.  Air Force received a number of reports from amateur astronomers or
        persons having telescopes who ask the Air Force to explain or identify
        objects or lights which appear strange to them.

    b.  Without photographs and accurate azimuth, elevations, bearings,
        etc., coupled with exact times, identification based on the observer's
        own description is difficult, if not impossible. Amateur and
        professional astronomers and Air Force personnel invariably provide
        this data without request. [redacted] only provides general
        directions, if at all.

    c.  January 3 sighting: We believe object was a bolide - a number
        were reported during that period.


- page 9 -

Cover Sheet, Cat #1, Subj: UFO Report from Mr. [redacted], dtd 24 Mar 58
to SAFIE-3 (Cont'd)

a. January 12 sighting: We have no report of any burning object in this area. If, as source states, all the neighbors observed the incident, why was his query not addressed to his local police, firemen, press, etc., instead of to the Air Force through the editor of TRUE magazine.

b. January 14 sighting: It is believed that the objects observed through the telescope were jet aircraft at high altitude. They often give the appearance described.

c. Although not conclusively identified as yet, data provided will be used as part of our continuous study of aerial phenomena, followed with a statement of appreciation for reporting.

1 Incl:
Ltr frm Mr. [redacted]
CHA 17 Jan

NICHOLAS POST
Assistant Deputy
AFCIN-4H

2


- page 10 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
12 Jan 58

2. LOCATION
Houston, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local afternoon

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
✔Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
☐Yes
✔No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
---

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One of three rpts in letter to TIME Magazine forwarded don analysis. This obj was on the ground & burning.

11. COMMENTS
Not a flying obj. Should have been rptd to police or fire dept.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Ground fire
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 25 SEP 52)


- page 11 -

Editor Times
New York

Dear Sir:

There are some strange goings-on in the evening and night sky above Houston.

On the night of January 3, my wife and I, upon returning from a visit to a bookstore, observed a star-like object slowly descending near Deneb in the constellation Cygnus in the low North-western sky. This object, with the brilliancy of a first magnitude star, dimmed as it sank, becoming barely visible when it disappeared from view behind treetops. It did not appear to be a burning object, such as a gas-filled weather balloon. It definitely was not a shooting star or a meteor.

In the late afternoon of January 12, just before dusk, I was searching the western sky for a glimpse of the planet Mercury. I could not see Mercury because of the brilliancy of the sky (the sun had set) but my attention was attracted by a brilliant, orange colored object which, at first, appeared to be a giant multi-motored plane. At first it grew brighter for a few minutes but did not appear to be approaching or even moving, except for a periodic, low downward drift. I decided it must be a burning plane, but I could see no smoke. I raced into the house for my binoculars (7 powers) and studied to my wife and daughter to see the spectacle.

They ran outside (also our maid and neighbors from across the street), and we all examined the object intently through the glasses. The object definitely was burning (my wife called it a kite). "It was a mass of flames reaching into the air almost as high as the object was long. The flames were either on the left side (south) than the north right side. This object, too, grew dimmer and finally, after about six or seven minutes, sank out of sight. We judged it to be about 10 to 20 miles away. If it were that far, the wing spread must have been at least 150 feet. Later, my daughter, age 28, drew pictures of it, independently.

[Signature appears to be partially cut off]

Date stamp: January 17, 1956


- page 12 -

These two celestial occurrences should have been sufficient to hold us, but even no:

On the night of January 14, I was in my back yard about 10:30 p.m., looking at the stars through my 4-inch telescope. At that particular moment, I had stopped away from my scope and was looking in the direction of Gemini (castor and Pollux), when suddenly four oval-shaped objects, one-behind the other and in perfect formation, flew across my line of sight, very low. (would say under 150 feet.) These objects were not light red at all, were grayish in color from the lights of the city (the moon was not in the sky). They were flying exactly uniformly in speed, at less than 200 miles an hour, I would say. 12 the objects were as low as they appeared. In less than one minute, they disappeared from sight. As a guess, I would say that each oval was perhaps 30 to 40 feet in diameter. Because of their exact flying speed in relation to each other, it is possible that each was attached to the same long object which would be invisible if it were painted black (like gondolas under a dirigible). No sound was audible, not even a murmur.

My private theory is that Ellington field, about 20 miles southeast of my house, where many jets are in operation, knows something about these objects. If they belong to our government (whose without sound or lights and perfect maneuverability) we've got the next war won.

[The document includes two hand-drawn sketches labeled "First Object" and "Flying Oval, Flag Pattern"]


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFTERNOON 12TH

COVER SHEET                                                 SUSPENSE

ORIGIN OF BASIC

DATE
ASSIGNED BY

DATE                                           TYPE
NO.

SUBJECT
UFO Report from Mr. [redacted]

ROUTING
Initial "IN" column to denote review prior to action. (x for action; y for coordination.)
Initial "OUT" column to denote review of completed action.

[Routing table with various office codes]

TO:
SAFIS-3, Major Tacker                                       DATE
                                                            24 March 1958
FROM:
AFCIN-45

COMMENTS (Use reverse, if necessary)                        COMMENT NO.
                                                            AFCIN-484/Capt Gregory/mmo/6-9216

1. Subject report has been reviewed. There appears to be three unrelated
   incidents involved.

2. Suggestions upon which to base a reply:
   a. Air Force receives a number of reports from amateur astronomers or
      persons having telescopes who ask the Air Force to explain or identify
      objects or lights which appear strange to them.

   b. With photographs and accurate azimuth, elevations, bearings, etc., compiled with exact times, identification based on the observer's
      own description is difficult, if not impossible. Amateur and
      professional astronomers and sky observers almost invariably provide
      this data without request. Mr. [redacted] only provide general
      direction, if at all.

   c. January 3 sighting: We believe object was a bolide - a number
      were reported during that period.

AFHO FORM       PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED.
0-85                                                        GPO 308344


- page 14 -

