The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card, which is a document used for recording information related to unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 4 - 6 - 58
2. LOCATION: Barbados, British West Indies
3. CONCLUSIONS: 
   [X] Was Ball Balloon 
   [X] Possibly Balloon
   [ ] Was Aircraft
   [ ] Possibly Aircraft
   [ ] Was Astronomical
   [X] Possibly Astronomical
   [ ] Other
   [ ] Insufficient Data for Evaluation
   [ ] Unknown
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
   [X] Ground - Radar
   [ ] Air Visual
   [ ] Ground - Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 51 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Civilian pilot in the north moving saw object which appeared to be the size of a basketball at 1,000-1,500 ft. Estimated speed 70-100 mph, "winking" as obj traversed sky.
11. COMMENTS: Visual appearance, direction of travel, and duration are about consistent with a balloon. However, the "winking" effect is not typical of a balloon and may indicate a possible astronomical or other explanation. No firm conclusion can be drawn from the available information.

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs or images, it is a typed document that appears to be a record or report form. The text on the form includes various fields such as "AIRMAIL REC'D VIA SLIP", "ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION", and handwritten text filling out the form. As requested, I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

AIRMAIL REC'D VIA SLIP
4-11-58
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION
DISTRIBUTION INDICATED BY MARKS X
ROUTING
INFORMATION
1. This sighting was investigated by [REDACTED] on 4-8-58.
2. This sighting by [REDACTED] definitely has all the characteristics of a meteoric phenomenon. There were no reported odor, sound, slow speed, or other indicia of a true unidentified flying object as defined by project blue book.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a memo routing slip from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

See memo attached.
For your information and
signature of the memo.

Recd 4-6-58.
12-0.
Initial Corr.
Mitten, Col 1358
2-9-58
May papers

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which is a United States Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects.

Text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF NAVAL OPERATIONS
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

TO: Director of Naval Intelligence
Subject: Correspondence Relating to Unidentified Flying Objects

Encls: (1) LTR From 9 May 1958 with CHINFO answer
(2) LTR From 15 Apr 1958 with CHINFO answer thereto

1. Enclosures (1) and (2) are forwarded herewith for information.

E. CARACCIOLO
By DIRECTOR

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum from the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense addressed to the Chief of Information, Department of the Navy, dated May 14, 1958. The memorandum forwards enclosed correspondence for consideration and appropriate action, including a direct reply to the writer who has not been notified of this referral. The memorandum also provides contact information for the Personal Services Branch of the Office of Public Services.

OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

May 14, 1958

MEMORANDUM FOR CHIEF OF INFORMATION, DEPT. OF THE NAVY

SUBJECT:
The enclosed correspondence is forwarded for consideration and appropriate action to include direct reply to the writer who has not been notified of this referral.

Personal Services Branch
Office of Public Services
Room 2D 775, The Pentagon
Liberty 5-6700, Ext. 75162

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter addressed to the Office of the Secretary of Defense in Washington, D.C. The text of the letter is as follows:

To the office of the Secretary of Defense
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

The enclosed is a part of a letter written to me by my brother-in-law.

It thought perhaps you would be interested in this data.

Respectfully yours,
[Signature redacted]

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten annotations.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

THE END OF SPUTNIK THE 2ND.

At about five to ten on Sunday night, as I was closing the front door, I noticed a brightly glowing object in the sky, flashing on and off. This object seemed to be just above the verandah, and on moving out into the verandah I saw an object a little smaller than the moon, flashing on and off, moving up and down, and in several directions. It was like balls with some attached, and these were emitting light which seemed to pulsate. The object was as high as the planes some in and around the area, and moved very rapidly in various directions. There was no sound or whiz or anything to indicate speed, but there was a flickering of the lights, as though this object was like an automobile headlight which was flickering. This object held my attention for about two or three minutes, and then it disappeared, not suddenly, but the light faded and went out, and in other rases it would be on and then it would be off, and perhaps after thirty seconds or a minute it would be on again. But there were no more than one and one half or maybe two minutes at the most that it was out of sight. In other words it could not have been more than one and one half or maybe two minutes at the most that it was not visible.

As you will note the tail of the first object bloomed out, whereas the tails of the smaller which were attached to each bloomed in and shrank without having.

The handwritten annotations at the bottom of the document appear to be notes or scribbles and do not contain any additional text.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Department of the Navy, Office of Information, in Washington D.C.

Text transcribed from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY
OFFICE OF INFORMATION
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

The Secretary of Defense has requested me to thank you for your letter of April 10, 1958, concerning a report of unidentified flying objects observed over Barbados, West Indies on April 6, 1958.

Your thoughtfulness in forwarding this information is greatly appreciated for the Department of Defense.

I am forwarding your letter and enclosures to the Office of Naval Intelligence for their evaluation and study.

Your interest in this matter is greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

ERNEST C. SHERMAN
Commander, U.S. Navy
Public Information Branch

Copy to:
CNO

- page 8 -

