PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13 Jan 59

2. LOCATION
Norristown, Pa

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 1655 EST
GMT: 13/2155Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
50 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
SW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Cigar shaped obj, color of golden sun-light, seemed to be descending slowly toward the horizon.

11. COMMENTS
From description and apparent motion, witness probably observed a parhelion.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[Checkboxes are present but not marked]

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 30 SEP 50)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Phoenixville, Pennsylvania

Major Joseph Boland
Hq USAF - SAFLL - 3
RM 5 D 916 The Pentagon
Washington 25 D.C.

My dear Major Boland,

So long ago that I am embarrassed to recall how long, I shared a observation of mine with Colonel I gave my year address, and suggested that I write to you about it, I failed to do so, in the pressure of things - and because the whole thing seemed a bit foolish. However, I feel sheepish every time I visit where the Colonel is a patient for not having written, so here goes.

On Tuesday, 13 January 1959, at about 1655 EST, I observed a strange object in the sky. I was driving at the time, watched the object for a mile or so of driving, and then parked the car and continued observation until it disappeared. Within 15 minutes I was home, and instantly sat down and made notes. I enclose the sheet of scribbled notes made at that time. If convenient kindly return it to me.

I was driving on route 202 about 4 miles northeast of Norristown, Penna - driving toward Norristown. The sun was only a few degrees above the horizon. I noticed this object ahead of me through the windshield, about 10 degrees above the horizon, and about 10 degrees south of the setting sun. It was shaped like a cigar. Its axis was vertical, as observed. Length about half the its color was like golden sunlight - the sun itself was then quite red, apparent diameter of the sun. My first reaction was a cloud. On many counts that was rejected (no adjacent clouds; its shallowness definitely not a cloud) its ultimate observation of a bar of horizon cloud, of which I shall write later in these notes.

Second reaction was the moon. That was soon rejected (wrong shape and size; too rapid descent) and I think the calendar for that date shows moon at another phase than just past new moon.

As I drove for five minutes before parking the object seemed to be descending slowly toward horizon. As I observed from the parked location it descended further and went behind a small bar or horizon cloud. It reappeared below that bar of cloud. It was too faint in the denser horizon atmosphere, and twilight, so that I gave up observations at 1705. The sun had set somewhere between 1655 and 1705.

I was alone. After parking made comparative observations, with and without the car window intervening - and with and without my bifocals. Visible under all conditions.

I would appreciate any comment you have to make. Whenever anyone claimed to have seen things in the sky, I have at least inwardly smiled! Although a priest by vocation (Army Hospital) I have had considerable technical and engineering training, and continuing interest (studied astronomy in College long ago) and have had considerable military training (though not service) in my youth in the 1920s. My son is a Regular Army Infantry Officer (currently learning Arabic in the EAST program). So, we haven't yet acquired a reputation as screwballs!

Cordially yours

P.S. Have been Amateur Radio since December 1922


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Tuesday 13, Jan 59
@ alt 1655 EST
Sum ely a few dogs done king

Bullitt light in sky
sighted on by mt looking out on 202
little rest (terminus) yeh st

sum to be at 10° dem king
10° south of city gen

slept like a cigar
ops met in 9 a.m.
clen else gotten met (can then move)
sum moving town king possibly
sum to chg ops only self off at time

observed on down on 202, sun st to st on blk
9 of 9th blk for yeh in, the public write
this box of hell after dogs - dem king
slight at ops met about st - much else
put on sale
been has set
down if about 1705


- page 3 -

