PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
10 Nov 59

2. LOCATION
Phoenix, Arizona

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1745
GMT 21/0052

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No   Sketch

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
5

9. COURSE
varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
At first objs appeared pitch black, when they turned they appeared orange-white. Bound up & down & tilted.

11. COMMENTS
See UFO Analysis sheet.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other/Unclassifiable
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Regular hurdle the outside to make the
letter day. My address is

Phoenix, Arizona

P.S. My husband send with the
C.I.E. in Stuttgart Germany

Sincerely
Mrs

There is also a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be an aircraft or airplane in the center of the document.

Some words are partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document.


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

24 November 1959

Dear Mrs.

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your recent letter regarding the sighting of Unidentified Flying Objects on 10 November 1959.

Your letter contains insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, request you complete the attached Air Force questionnaire in regard to the sighting and forward the completed paper to the AeroSpace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, for their analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure

Mrs.
[Street Address]
Phoenix, Arizona


- page 3 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be treated as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
10 Nov. 1959

2. Time of day:
5th 45
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Personal details blacked out]
Additional remarks: OUT IN MY FRONT YARD FACING NORTH

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ALREADY SET

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw this object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other:

Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: [partially illegible text]
    b. Color: Pitch white as snow as white in color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trail or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch with notes about light, length, and direction]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 3
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[A hand-drawn sketch with a "W" and arrows indicating direction]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
20-24 feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other:

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Diminished to a single to nothing - moved to horizon.
Out of sight/faded at higher altitude.

24. In order that you give a clear or picture of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

They looked exactly like birds with white that did seem flying very close in the winter - time. At first thought they were birds, and appeared to be moving in a circular motion. They were somewhat like a fine - like as near as I can come to me.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was just outside walking my dog's around, my husband & 2 children were home.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North N degrees.
b. From horizon 30 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 90W degrees.
b. From horizon 30 degrees.


- page 8 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten response appears to be partially illegible]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Names and addresses are redacted/blacked out]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Handwritten response includes partial dates like "7/2/00 p.m." and "Sept 30"]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten response suggests they were "flying devices" and something about "intelligence"]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 10 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Illegible text

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 500 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS FIVE PHOENIX ARIZ
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job? HOUSEWIFE
Age 31 Sex F

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school ✓
b. High school ✓
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school COMMUNICATIONS
(Type) GOVERNMENT - USN
f. Other special training NONE
(Specify)

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 30 NOVEMBER 57


- page 11 -

10 NOV 57

Air Force Directing
Intelligence, T.D. Div.
Pentagon Bldg. Wash.

Dear Sir:

Placing this letter in the persons under this in the Pentagon, who continues to file in date on 0300's

I came 5 0300's on the evening of Nov. 1957 at 5:45pm in a clear sky, here on viewing. My husband a local school teacher, plus my three small children, ages 5 1/2 - 4 - 1/2 months. I could see a marked up the Tucson Clear sky and getting low to be in line of my children outside so it was sufficient airborne and I have to be in a position to see if I am quite sure of what I have seen previously some moons here. I was about 2 blocks from my home when I saw this object...

[Note: The last line is partially cut off and the text becomes illegible]


- page 12 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [REDACTED]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE [REDACTED]
DATE 30-11-1959

[The rest of the handwritten text is partially illegible, with only fragments of words and sentences discernible.]


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Those of us sign defined much
interesting to believe they are extra
related at the only thing that concerns
us is if they are friendly. We have seen
in the country intelligence of people we
know. I am sure they could be
in relative fire power opposite or more the
ground fly. We are going made just a
private turn off the west. Being really
concerned low if we also point of how
going a pretty slow from them.

I hope this report can be of some
use in research.

Thanking you I remain
Very Sincerely
[Signature blacked out]


- page 14 -

Here is the text I can see in the image:

Zenith
90°
60°
30°
0°
S
SE
135
E
90
NE
45
N
315 NW
270 W
225 SW
180

The image appears to be a diagram of a celestial sphere or sky map, showing compass directions, elevation angles, and a stylized horizon line with a cityscape.


- page 15 -

February 29, 1960
Phoenix, Arizona

Department of Air Force
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena 2130 Dir
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Sir:

Last November 29- 1959, I sent a report on 4 Flying Saucers seen here in Phoenix, Arizona. I also enclosed a drawing of the UFO's. Could you please let one know if my letter was received. If it is at all possible could you send me the colored sketch of the 4 saucers back? I want to prove to my sister-in-law, my letter was received.

[Signature appears to be blacked out]


- page 16 -

Phoenix, Arizona.

I feel quite a lot about the Flying Saucers and like seem to altogether new. My children's reaction to them is the same as seeing a new airplane - if we could just determine what their visits mean to this country if it would make them much more friendly appearing to me - I'm sure they much will. I believe some are good and some are both delicious. I know I contacted them by telepathy because when I wished that they would wear as light up - they would do so. I know this sounds crazy but after we seen them - my husband children) I more in tight I came to the done asking about


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

3. a non-systant address here in
Phoenix. They smiled and laughed
the whole time they were at the
room. Their complexions were very
robust colored. They looked fit. health.
now then I can say about any other
men this saw in a good 3 years in-
cluding my husband. These men had
complexions like children - thats all
I noticed strange about them. What
do you think could have been the
explanation? This may sound crazy
but I heard radio call letters
under a humming "hum dyin in the
Bundy shop one day also morse. If
I hear anything interesting about the
mysterious men I'll contact the right
people. I think if they should be


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

4 Hostile that the Government should attempt to reflect the suns light on them with mirrors and get them that way or else - use a radio frequency on them.

Shall you people have more in testing things to idle to so all page off for more. Please lay to locate my old letter and let me know if my report was made.

Thanking you I remain -
Ec Wane

[Note: There is a blacked-out signature/name at the bottom of the document, with "Phoenix, Arizona" written underneath it.]


- page 19 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ARCIN-142

SUBJECT: UFO Drawing, Mrs.

11 MAR 1960

TO: SAFOI-34 (Maj Tacker)

1. On 29 February 1960, Mrs. wrote to ATIC requesting the return of a colored sketch of an unidentified flying object. Mrs. sent the sketch to the Air Force as a part of a report made by her on 10 November 1959.

2. The objects sighted by Mrs. in November 59 were probably birds, but the information provided ATIC was not sufficient to make a conclusive evaluation.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

2 Atch:
1. Cy ltr 29 Feb 60 fr Mrs.
2. Sketch


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAFOI-34/Maj Tucker/mab/7229]

15 March 1960

Dear Mrs. [redacted]

This is to acknowledge your letter of 29 February 1960 concerning unidentified flying objects sighted by you on 10 November 1959.

The information submitted was insufficient to allow a valid conclusion and your sketch is returned herewith, as requested.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mrs. [redacted]
[redacted] Avenue
Phoenix, Arizona

[Additional markings at bottom of page: Comeback OI-34, Reader OI-1]


- page 21 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No for her, Continued not of the
Sling that (Poss and sloping and going between)
It seen in Pales rather but nearly the sloping surface

But to my right in the light of mountain
rather we (have while) were looking around
to be signed and up of the sky it was
- I saw of black objects near
and to show the mountain some to us

You now saw such like this, I thought
they were ducks and I was along to think so
we lived in Pales all my life sign as many
and most of Classing, and the his (unclear) is
(unclear) in distinctly some with the region
laws of quick ducks it was not soon for the
matter. I saw the same commander
light points of the high, this particular
only (unclear) when they (unclear) and I think it

Note: Some words are partially illegible or unclear, so I have transcribed them as best as possible and noted where text is uncertain.


- page 22 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

dutied and
line in Vigo all my life since a merry
and point to Clancy and that he intends to be
to studiously into place with the position
lanes of race I doubt that fly said for the
ditch. I am the same movement
light perhaps of the kids particularly
when when they flow over. I think
this circumstance does a formation seem
now in line. But the
drive you got. this came from the west
might just making so much of it. they
my husband's load of time - what are
they said then - The you Dying

Note: Some words are difficult to read with full certainty due to the handwritten nature of the document. The text appears to be a handwritten note with some words and phrases that are not entirely clear.


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

I noticed it was like go Delightful point
two which observed my success in minute
but I said to myself "I wish they would
do something to prove being serious" this had
a feeling inside me if you are looking at them -
Some of the have ones that up & been like
hardly have as couple of times. They then
tell squads off in a turn the extra 2
that holds turned let - I saw a
while of ate out where they point
through - there were 2 turns for the
while. Then again I looked as myself
it telling would show for the as they
had piled there. The first 2 turned out
an exploring flash of hit came while
light I single that was I

Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty, so the transcription may have minor inaccuracies.


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

[The text appears to be handwritten and somewhat difficult to read in parts, but I'll transcribe what I can discern:]

[Top of page has some illegible text]

... out where they just
... then here 2 turns for the of
... again I will to myself
... would shine from now on they
... pitch black. She first 2 turned out
... exploding flashes of hot energy white
... that way for the time it
... the outer 2 inches to describe
... same color then these turned black
... off just pictures of the best they
... going. I said I was they lack given
... show look and my husband said
... think they would come back and
... enough how this comes out night here

Note: Some words and phrases are partially illegible or unclear due to the handwritten nature of the document.


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

During It, others disappear. It
was the size of a pen head (thick)
It stayed that pose - made a quarter
turn. I knew it was equal distance
it was coming right at me then it
held equally on the Straight line.

These things didn't make a sound tho.
The lot we possibly could after
just pretty slow since we blinded
and drew it coming from the west. &
will said investigating me if the
same if we could be sure thing here.

Hardly - maybe we could know about
them but not prove that it thinks
you would still some good and bad
know in the universe and may!


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

of coming from the list. I
would still investigating me of the
forms of we can't be alone. The
finally - maybe we could have heard
from here not plane but so think
that we still some gaze and lost
force in the darkness and way
this point should bring and study
magnetic force of we want to work
off this now-friendly darkness within
night from a planet has unit name
because has done here this last age.

Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty, so this transcription represents my best interpretation of the handwritten text.


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

I am an x-Wave. My duty station here
CHQ is in the Chicago Bldg. I resigned
saving my country and I would
still like to protect my country from
without and from within. I hope
this report will be of some help to
Roswell or Capt Peterson. Please
let me hear from this flight in
receipt of this letter. I would
appreciate it also if Major Duvall
Hughes would be able to make the
letter also. My address is

[Address portion is blacked out]

Phoenix, Arizona

P.S. My husband served with

Note: The last line of the P.S. is cut off and incomplete.


- page 28 -

