PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
3 Dec 59

2. LOCATION
Alpha, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1915

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. GMT
01/00152

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 min 30 secs

8. PHOTOS
No

9. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
End, yellow-white obj, pulsating, size of pea.
No sound.

11. COMMENTS
Balloon could not have moved in NW at
30° elev to the MSW at 40° elev in 1
min 30 secs. Probably the F-101 or T-33
in the air at the time of the sighting.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other:
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present this details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [blank]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE: [blank]

DATE: [blank]

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:

Despite his age, [redacted] appears to be a competent observer. He reported what has now been retained and about which he concludes. He was familiar with many technical concepts which aided in the interview. His mother's previous report probably gave him the confidence to turn this UFO in and did not appear to bias his report.

REPORT OF SUBSEQUENT INVESTIGATION

Patterson Field Ops
F-101 up at 1915. All F-101 returned. KC-135 landed at 1924. Four bright lights on it made it look "like a Christmas tree"—very unusual according to observers. This lights pointed toward the wings.

The possibility that the KC-135 might have been the UFO is intriguing. The question was by Seine with who was well, a/c was blinking and turning. I called him up again and found that the only noise he had heard was the propeller driven aircraft which apparently was coming in for a landing. He had no jitter prop a/c was not very loud. Who date before or after the UFO sighting.

Wright Field Ops
Several falling stars noted. No MAC special projects tonight.

56th Fighter Squadron
[last line redacted]


- page 2 -

US Weather Service

Balloon released at 6:30. Heads toward northwhen started circling ground to the east. Balloon broke 6N minutes later, azimuth 350, altitude 85,000 ft. at 7:15, azimuth 330, altitude 13,000 meters, range 16,700 meters -TMU, wind velocity 7 meters/sec, or 15 kts. At 6:30, cloud coverage was scattered with some altocumulus.

Balloon might have been in the sun at 7:15 but the weather bureau man wasn't sure.

AACS Squadron
No Information

Wright Tower
No Information

Flight Test Division
No answer on 5-0232

Cox
No unusual reports. T-33 with lights made ILS then VFR to Patterson. Heavy at time of two sightings, would prevent low altitude sightings of phenomena at Wright Field.

Submitted by,
George W. Lehmann, Jr.
1/Lt, USAF

3 Dec 1959

For Further information, call [redacted]


- page 3 -

Here are the text elements I can see in the image:

Zenith (at 90° at the top of the dome-like diagram)
225 SW
270 W
315 NW
180 S
135 SE
90 E
45 NE
0°

The image appears to be a celestial or navigational diagram showing a spherical projection with latitude and longitude markings, with a stylized landscape or horizon at the bottom of the diagram.


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
3 Dec. 1957

2. Time of day:
19:15
Hour        Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Alpha                                                   Ohio
Nearest Postal Address                                 City or Town                   State or Country
Observer                                                Approx 7 miles
Additional remarks: WRIGHT FIELD

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
1 minute 30 seconds
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain at least 1 min. 20 sec. Possibly 2 min.
b. Partly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was this brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One):
a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
If moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
If moved in front of: STARS

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):
a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other

Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Heard nothing except aircraft which he saw
b. Color: Not very bright -- yellow-white color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Round -- no details

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred when partially. Other _________
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined when not partially
d. Don't remember

19. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? One only
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
Looked similar to Passing Satellite

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects, held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other:

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Stated to pulsate on turn indicated. Became dimmer as it began to straighten out.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Like a metal ball except when not solid. Then appeared as if on fire although no flame seen.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Walking home. Heard airplane. Looked up.
Saw airplane. Lights and object.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 310 degrees.
b. From horizon 32 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 255 degrees.
b. From horizon 40 degrees.


- page 9 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Handwritten notes:
At highest point
B 40°
A 30°

See attached
# photo


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Light breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Mist, light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool 32-40°
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Called ATIC few minutes later

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
His mother heard a UFO
report over a year ago. She recalls
a big fast moving object.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Doesn't know. Might be space vehicle
but "Their sounds fantastic.... Looked like
some sort of vehicle." Not a meteor or
satellite — turned too much.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
Hard to tell distance.
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?               Some speed as previously stated.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _______ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Xenia, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? Freshmen, Beaver Creek HS
Age 14   Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
    (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Completed 3 Dec 59 by Lt. George
W. Lubarsky, Jr.   per telephone
conversation.


- page 12 -

