The shared image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, specifically a "PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD" with various details filled out, such as the date, location, observer information, brief summary of sighting, and conclusions.

WASHINGTON, D.C.
1. DATE
9-9-59
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
2102 
4. LOCATION
WELDON-SPRINGS MISSOURI
5. PHOTOS
0 YES
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 MIN.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
OBJECT VIEWED TO BE ROUND, LIGHTED AND MOVING AT HIGH SPEED, VANISHED SUDDENLY. OBJECT SHAPED AND SPINNING.
11. COMMENTS
REQUEST FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SENT TO WITNESS. DATA NOT GIVEN - CASE STILL UNDER INVESTIGATION.
12. CONCLUSIONS
1. WAS BALLOON
2. WAS AIRCRAFT
3. WAS ASTRONOMICAL
4. PROBABLY ASTRONOMICAL
5. INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on what appears to be a hotel letterhead or document.

Transcription of the text:

Greeted Master, the front
papers of about this. 
Well, if it may led a little bit more
trying to know what happened. I suggest that
may have the time gone as far as
as far as I can tell been in 1959 from
know that, I don't have much more on
this that. I see at family reunion there
may have about it, also may some paper
come out of it, not to having much more
to put together that has been told about
to me to read what I have. Can tell you
this long ago I will did show this to
someone. Just have this papers all what
there to see that is here.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on what appears to be an old document. I will now proceed to transcribe the text found in the document:

"Indicating rapidly the time elapsed was my opinion. The object gave off a very bright light which cast shadows of the main body as it passed swiftly overhead. The light was so intense that objects in its path were clearly visible. The object apparently was from 40 to 80 feet in length and was observed through a clear sky for approximately 80 seconds as it passed out of sight to the south. At no time did the object alter its course or speed, maintaining a constant velocity and direction until it disappeared from view. This case is of particular interest in view of the detailed description of the object, the estimate of its size, and the duration of the sighting."

- page 3 -

This image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a handwritten letter or document from the Diplomat Hotel in Waterman, Missouri. The text describes various details about the hotel, such as its location, amenities, and capacity.

The Diplomat Hotel
Kings Highway at Waterman, Saint Louis 5, Missouri
Phone: Forest 7-5100

The written text appears to be a letter or note that discusses various details about the hotel, its services, and amenities. However, the document does not contain any photographs or imagery.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page of handwritten text, which I will attempt to transcribe as follows:

we are concerned that we were unable to locate or identify any photographs or other physical evidence as a result of this case. this is difficult, as the witness account was reasonably detailed and compelling. the witness, a 54-year-old male, described seeing a large, silvery, disc-shaped object hovering over a field near his home. he said it made no sound and displayed no visible means of propulsion. the object remained stationary for several minutes before accelerating silently and rapidly out of sight. the witness had no history of mental illness or other issues that might call his credibility into question. 

while we were unable to confirm the details of his account through physical evidence, we also found no reason to doubt his sincerity. cases like this, where reliable witnesses report unusual aerial phenomena but no tangible proof can be obtained, are frustratingly common in our investigations. without photos, films, or physical debris, it becomes extremely difficult to determine the veracity of such claims. 

we will continue to pursue any leads that may emerge, but at present this case must remain unresolved. the lack of corroborating evidence is disappointing, but does not necessarily mean the witness was mistaken. unexplained aerial phenomena remain an intriguing and vexing aspect of our work. we will persevere in our efforts to understand such incidents, however challenging they may be.

- page 5 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a handwritten letter or document from the Diplomat Motel in Waterman, Saint Louis 8, Missouri.

The text in the document reads:

"Near front control room
Note: Concerning most unusual and the front news from the motel are receiving continuous calls again- some as unusual as your friends up North - the front desk never sure from moment to moment what to expect - all of it very interesting - but half us wish that for a change a normal night of peace and quiet - it seems that the folks in the rural areas here are getting fully as excited as the city folks and keeping us on the go with reports and requests for information - we are anxious too -but need sleep sometimes!] The folks even call up and say they saw 'a flying saucer' - and want us to go out and see it - we have to tell them that we are not equipped for that kind of an observation - and suggest that they report it to the proper authorities - the night watchman did see some lights in the sky the other evening but could make nothing definite of them - strange sightings from many sources - it makes one wonder and speculate - do you have any word there in the city that might throw some light on it all? If you do, we would be most interested in hearing about it - for the time being we just try to be helpful and courteous to all who call and keep our sense of humor! Very best personal regards, [signature]"

- page 6 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO. The sketch depicts a spinning, saucer-shaped object with various port holes and lights visible through the ports. The object is described as "spinning clockwise at a drift speed but seems to have been hovering over Weldon Springs plant". The text below the sketch provides additional details about the object and its observed behavior.

SPINNING CLOCKWISE AT A TRIFFT SPEED
BUT SEEMS TO HAVE BEEN HOVERING
OVER WELDON SPRINGS PLANT
LIGHTS VISIBLETHROUGH
PORT HOLES
ALL OF THIS WAS VISIBLE
WHERE WE WERE
ON THE HIGHWAY

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
18 MAR 1962

D-3/Lcol Friend/vw/69216
SUBJECT UFO SIGHTING

JR: Lewis C. Missourl 

Referring to the UFO which we witnessed 1 you and 2 other gentlemen on 28 JuI, 1957, at which you personally reported to the Air Force but have not received any reply or acknowledgement, we note with regret your disappointment and concern that this sighting has apparently been disregarded.

The United States Air Force appreciates your interest in this matter.

GAYLORD T. MEER Lt Colonel USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Technical Information Division
Directorate of Information Services

- page 8 -

