Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
28 Jul 59

2. LOCATION
Corpus Christi, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT not stated

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not given

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Dr Hynek was at Pasadena & observed films of purported UFO taken by witness in Corpus Christi Texas while photographing Venus. Image of obj was real & appeared on succeeding frames. Possible light on a/c according to Dr Hynek.

See film 7-3445-453

Film in Specimen File.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other:
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Film not received for analysis. Case carried as insufficient data.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO
BOULDER, COLORADO

DEPARTMENT OF HISTORY                                   June 28, 1950

Major Robert Friend
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Aerial Phenomena Section
Ade Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

This note is to let you know I am happily ensconced
here in Boulder and to bring a few points to your attention.

First, what is my contract number? I am afraid I left
that information in Cambridge, and I will need it when I
send in my next voucher.

I recently had a very interesting trip to Pasadena, and
while there, by utter chance, I ran into the publisher of
the most delightful magazine, Saucers! He is a young student
and oddly enough a close friend of a graduate student in
astronomy at Harvard. (Don't tell himself) They showed
me some movies of unidentified flying objects taken on
December 1, 1947, and another being of July 26, 1959. The
first was some little balloons to me, but the second I am
not sure of. The second shows very fine color movies of
Venus in the daytime, and for this reason alone, I think
they are worth while. Do you have this case-July 26, 1959,
Corpus Christi, Texas? I enclose one enlargement. The
image is real, as it appears on frame after frame, but it
might very well be some light on the fusilage of a plane.

I have recently been presented with a publication by
our friends in Akron and Cleveland. It is entitled "Electro-
Magnetic Effects Associated with Unidentified Flying Objects,"
and it is quite well prepared and presented in a non-census
til manner. I am afraid we are going to hear more about
this. If by some chance you have not received a copy, I
will send you mine for testing.

Have the stereos of the Louisiana case come in yet?

* I obtained the film.


- page 2 -

This case contains
1, 3x5" photo and 1, 3x5"
negative.


- page 3 -

F.117
July 28, 1959
Corpus Christi, Texas
Observer: Unidentified
File# 1103535
In custody of Radio-Visual Division

1275


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

RESEARCH
INVESTIGATION
ANALYSIS

INTERPLANETARY INTELLIGENCE
OF
FLYING UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS
OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLA.

W. F. RIEFER
Director
H. C. HEWES
Associate Director
L. MANEY
Deputy Director

December 23, 1954

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
FTD (TEW)
Box 9404
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Thank you for your two most recent letters in answer to my request. I hope your Christmas was a happy one.

I still have not heard from [redacted] will let you know as soon as I do. Enclosed is the copy that was made from the 16 mm movie that any sent me. Please return as soon as possible because I will need it. January 12.

I am giving pictorial lecture to who I 75 shortly members (husbands) (free, all I will get is may be some members). I thought you might like to see the film for yourself.

On November 9, I sent you several fragment believed to be a meteoritic clart I received from the Lipetric Plane-tarium color, with what information I had. Did you send the fragment to Dr. [redacted] at NASA, or to Dr. [redacted]. Dr. [redacted] was the original 23 pound part and I forwarded several fragments to be analyzed. In your letter of December you suggested that you can analyze any specimens I may forward. I do not understand one of your sentences.

I also, as noted that samples of these fragments, as there is a possibility that they are meteorites or tektites indicated by Dr. [redacted] on this? Dr. [redacted] in a letter to the Planetarium stated that he believed the fragments are meteorites or tektites, but in a letter from Dr. [redacted] under December 16 he stated the fragments appear to be of origin; secretions basalt rocks, and not to release any information on it.

I am looking forward to the new Fact Sheet.

Would it be possible to obtain a copy of the letter dated September 28, 1947 and the list of 20 active organizations?


- page 5 -

FTD (TEEN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
18 January 1965

Associate Director
NICUFO
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

Dear [redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter of 26 December 1964. We received the motion picture. It was forwarded to Chicago, Illinois for duplication by Kodak and returned to us. The original film was sent to you, airmail, registered, special delivery on the 11th of January under Register Number 664330. We do hope that it arrived in the time for your lecture on the 12th. The images on the film depicts clouds, a contrail and the planet Venus. In an independent evaluation of the movie the object was determined to be the planet Venus. Doctor [redacted] has also evaluated the movie and he has determined the image to be the planet Venus. We appreciate your forwarding this film for our evaluation.

Regarding the fragments which you sent us on 9 November 1964. This fragment was forwarded and remained in the Post Office for approximately six weeks. There was an amount of postage due and we did not receive this object in our shop until the 23rd of December. We submitted the fragment to ASD for analysis and the Bowser-Morner Testing Laboratories, Incorporation conducted the spectrographic Semi-Quantitative Analysis. The object was given preliminary tests and determined to have no space residue. The rock appears to be common to that portion of Oklahoma. A copy of the lab report is attached. Perhaps these events will clarify the statements in our letter of 11 December 1964 to you. To contact has been made with Doctor King or Doctor Hynek on this particular object. I would like to point out that meteor observations of this nature would be reported by many more observers and that should the object be a meteorite, the absence of sound would indicate that the impact point would be in excess of 300 miles from the point of observation.

The Fact Sheet is in the process of being printed. A courtesy copy will be forwarded to you upon completion. We are enclosing the statistics which will be included as attachments to the basic information.


- page 6 -

We are attaching a list of the UFO organizations and hobby clubs. We would appreciate any additions of which you are aware and/or comments regarding discontinuations of those no longer active.

Please feel free to publish any information regarding evaluations such as the Focus City sighting. Information regarding evaluations by the Air Force is always available to individuals and the press. It is good public relations practice for evaluation to appear in the newspaper. This does much to clarify reports and to eliminate doubt in the minds of some readers. The information supplied to you by our office regarding personal opinions and policy and data of this nature is for your information only, since all information regarding policy must be released through the Air Force rather than in the form of a personal letter.

Your six page article is being returned with a few comments by Sgt Moody. These comments are for your information and/or guidance in future articles.

The following comments or points of information appear pertinent:

(1) The Air Force accepts only scientific fact regarding life and intelligence on other planets and does not engage in speculation.

(2) Information from almost 9,000 cases indicates that unidentified flying objects exist as reports of aircraft, balloons, stars, planets, missiles and a multitude of known conventional objects and phenomena. There has been no indication that these objects are from outer space under intelligent control. The letter of 23 Sep 47 did not state that UFOs are real, it requested an investigation to determine if they were real and all critical conclusions and all information to date indicates that given sufficient information a valid explanation for the cause of each report could be made.

(3) We would appreciate a statement of the information in your files which indicates that they are objects of interplanetary origin.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

5 Atchs
1. Analysis of Fragments
2. Statistics
3. Bibliography
4. List of Organizations
5. Six page article & comments

2


- page 7 -

