PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
3 Jul 59

2. LOCATION
Williams Bay, Wisconsin

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1020

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
✓ Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes ✓ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 secs

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
North

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Bright, white, 0° light, size of pinhead
or smaller, appeared to be sunlight reflecting off aluminum. Appeared a/s a/c
-eight that speed was too high.

11. COMMENTS
The witness probably saw a jet
a/c reflecting the sun's rays.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
✓ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

GMT 05/1600

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
9       July        1959
Day     Month       Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes        No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes        No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
As I don't believe it would have been possible to see the object without the aid of sunglasses, and also because none of the others were looking in the correct direction, I don't believe you could have seen anything substantial by contacting them.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes        No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
On Dec. 13, 1953 at 7:25 P.M. (CST) I saw a bright yellow object called "Firebell" Car nearly recent while I was waiting for a CTA bus two blocks from my home. It was traveling east with perhaps a tendency towards the southeast.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
As you may know, I am interested in what might be many then seen an interplanetary origin. However, in this case, I would not hazard a guess. As I said in my letter, I may here have been a jet-powered aircraft, but it would have had to have been of a type faster than the standard operational jet based in this area.


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No Only able to say it was as faster than a jet at the same apparent altitude.
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ________________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Chicago 18, Ill.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

What is your present job? Junior in high school

Age 16     Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
    (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 August 1959


- page 3 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]                                                                                (Do Not Write in This Space)
                                                                                                CODE:
SIGNATURE:
DATE:

I can think of nothing in addition to what I wrote in my letter of 9 July 1959.

Question 25: As I was behind one of the cottages on the side of a hill with trees beginning about 250 feet down the side of the hill. The water's edge was about 100 feet or so down the incline.


- page 4 -

ACTIC-4848

UFO Sighting (Dave Daughters)

SAFOI-38 (Major L. J. Tucker)

1. The object sighted by Mr. [redacted] was probably an aircraft reflecting the sun's rays.

2. Mr. [redacted] who is 16 years old, is apparently the head of an UFO club called "Civilian Unidentified Flying Object Research". His home address, and that of the CUFOR are one and the same.

3. Attached is the photograph sent in with Mr. [redacted] report. This photograph is one of the area of the sighting, and was taken some time after the incident. It is suggested that the photograph be returned to Mr. [redacted] as it contains no information which is helpful to ATIC.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILLIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

2 Atch:
1. Photograph
2. Cy ltr 3 Aug 59 fr [redacted]


- page 5 -

30 July 1959

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is to acknowledge your letter of 9 July 1959 concerning the Unidentified Flying Object sighting on 3 July 1959 at Williams Bay, Wisconsin.

Your letter contained insufficient data to allow a valid conclusion. Therefore, request you complete the enclosed Air Force questionnaire in regard to this sighting and forward the completed paper to the Air Force Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Chief, Magazine & Book Branch
Office of Information Services

Inclosure

Mr. [redacted]
Chicago 18, Illinois

Comeback IS-3d
Reader IS-1


- page 6 -

SAFOI-34/Maj Tacker/mhb/72691

WISC

4 December 1959

Dear Mr.

Your letter of 3 August 1959 concerning the UFO sighted near Williams Bay, Wisconsin, on 3 July 1959 has been referred to this office. The photograph accompanying your questionnaire is returned herewith.

The object in question was probably an aircraft reflecting the sun's rays.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Enclosure

Mr.
Chicago 13, Illinois

Comeback OI-3d
Reader OI-1


- page 7 -

Chicago 18, Ill.
9 Jul 59

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

Enclosed is a report of an unidentified flying object which I saw on 5 July 1959. A copy has been sent to both NICAP(in Washington) and APRO(in Amarozoro, N.J.).

In paragraph #5, I said the object could not have been a "conventional aircraft". By this I meant a prop-driven plane. The only known object it might have been is an extremely fast jet aircraft. If it was that, I don't think it was a plane based in this area. As I have never seen a jet in this area travel at that apparent rate of speed.

I checked today with the four Chicago newspapers. None had a UFO report for that date.

Would you please acknowledge this report? Also, I would like to know any conclusions you may come to and what prompted these conclusions.

Sincerely yours;

4cm;ls


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Chicago 11, Ill.
3 Aug 59

A.T.I.C.
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

Enclosed is the questionnaire sent to me by Major E.J. Tucker, concerning my sighting of an unidentified flying object near Williams Bay, Wisconsin, on 5 July 1959.

I have tried my best to give you all information I have about the incident.

I have contacted the chiefs of police at both Williams Bay and Fontana (across the lake from the campgrounds), Wisc. in their replies, they said that no one reported seeing anything unusual on that date.

I would appreciate it very much if you would notify me of any conclusions you may come to in connection with this sighting and what prompted that conclusion.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature area is blacked out]

iom;ls


- page 9 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
3   July    1959
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:   10    20
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Conference Point Camp    Williams Bay    Wisconsin
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town    State or Country

Additional remarks: Operated by the National Council of Churches

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.    Hours    Minutes    3   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain

    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight      e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (15 OCT 54)


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):    DOES NOT APPLY    8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. None                                        a. Bright moonlight
b. A few                                      b. Dull moonlight
c. Many                                       c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember                             d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One):   a. Yes    b. No    c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One):   a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
               b. Several blocks away?
               c. A block away?
               d. Several yards away?
               e. Other

11. Did the object:                           (Circle One for each question)    Yes    No    Don't Know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                                          
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?                               
c. Break up into parts or explode?                                            
d. Give off smoke?                                                            
e. Change brightness?                                                         
f. Change shape?                                                              
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                                                

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One):   a. Solid?    b. Transparent?    c. Don't know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses   Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass  Yes    No

e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope     Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound - none
    b. Color - Sunlight reflecting off an apparently silver surface.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
    Object was just a bright point of light; see enclosed photo for path of object.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
    DOES NOT APPLY


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

see photo

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
______ feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects, held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin possibly a light
b. Pea smaller
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quart
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? It went behind a tree (see photo)

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The object would be made out of some type of shiny metal, such as aluminum. I would guess that its size would be about the same as a jet fighter aircraft.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other See Summary data

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
As I said in my letter, I was in a guest group and was lying on the grass listening to the discussion. I was looking up as there was nowhere else to look and the glint caught my eye.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South        g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South        g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South        g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 120 degrees.
b. From horizon 75-30 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 110-15 degrees.
b. From horizon 75-30 degrees.


- page 14 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

See Note


- page 15 -

