PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
Oct 59

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 0152

GMT 0152

5. PHOTOS
No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
OVER 30 MINS

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Letter from witness to light which was stationary
for about 1/2 hr rising suddenly through clouds
and out of sight in 2 seconds. Rptd to Air
Force by letter 5 yrs after sighting.

2. LOCATION
Telephone Ridge, Oregon

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

6. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
-

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other: UNIDENTIFIED
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

11. COMMENTS
UNIDENTIFIED.

(Bottom of form shows a stamp and some administrative markings)

C FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Oct 59

August 12, 1964

Dear [redacted]

This is in response to your recent letter to Captain Hector Quintanilla of the Project Blue Book Office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, on the subject of an "Unidentified" Flying Object you observed in October of 1959.

Your UFO sighting cannot be related to any conventional phenomena such as an aircraft, balloon, or astronomical body. The brightness and clearness of the sighting tend to rule out mirages and reflections. Therefore, from the information presented, we are unable to identify or evaluate your observation.

Thank you for reporting this unusual sighting to the Air Force. Unfortunately, it will have to be listed as an "unknown" observation until additional information is received.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Newport, Oregon


- page 2 -

Newport, Oregon

Capt. H. Quintanilla Dr.
U.S.A.F.
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

PERSONAL


- page 3 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: HQ USAF SAFOIP PB (Mrs.) Newport, Oregon

1. A letter from Mr. Newport, Oregon, to Capt Hector Quintanilla contained a report of an observation written 13 October 1959. Mr. requested an evaluation of his sighting cannot be related to any conventional phenomena such as an aircraft, balloon or astronomical body. The brightness and classes of the object and the locale of the sighting tend to rule out mirages and reflections. From the information presented, we are unable to identify or evaluate his observation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC W. DE JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
a/a

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Newport, Oregon

Captain Hector Quintanilla Jr.
U.S. A.F.
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain Quintanilla:

Reading an article in the Sunday Oregonian this morning, reminds me of an incident that took place while I was hunting in eastern Oregon in October 1959. This cannot be of any interest to you, but since I have to clean the garbage out this morning, I thought that I would delay it. First let me say that I have never seen a flying saucer, a space ship, or anything with green heads, or portholes on it. I am the manager of a department store, have a college education, as has my wife, am 41 years old, and am not a "nut" so keep this under your hat.

In October 1959, the exact date escapes me at the present, but it was during the third or fourth week of the month, I could find out the exact date with some little hunting around) My wife, young son and daughter, and I went hunting with a rancher in eastern Oregon, the exact spot was Telephone Ridge, and is about 40 miles east of Enterprise, Oregon. The children were in bed, the time was about 9:15 P.M. and my wife, I and the other couple were sitting around the camp fire drinking coffee. Don't get any ideas, because we do not drink anything but coffee on hunting trips.

The moon was out and almost directly overhead. Broken cumulus clouds were in the sky, and they may have covered about one fourth of the sky in broken patches. We were camped at about 5,000 feet and we estimate the clouds to have been at about 10,000 to 12,000 feet. From our camp site with was in an open meadow we observed from about 10 miles away what appeared to be headlights on a car or truck come over the top of a hill. As we watched we could see that they were not truck lights since they were up in the sky as they came closer. I say they, but mean it, since we saw just one light in the sky. It came to within approx two or three miles of us taking a period of about fifteen minutes to reach this spot. It then stayed in this spot for almost half an hour. We looked at it thru our rifle scopes, and could see nothing but a bright light. It was as bright and as a carbon arc light, and it seemed to pulse just a little as though it were caused by an engine of four cycle origin, but it did pulse. At no time did we ever see anything but the bright light. We could see anything around the edge nor a shape, nor anything that the light came from.

The bright light was the third point of a line. Our camp was one, a pine tree approx 90 feet high and about 200 yards away was the second, and the light was the third. We could see enough of the tree by the moonlight so we could see that the light did not move. After about half an hour during which time we talked about shooting at it but how do the explain to the government, or to little green men that you thought you were shooting at flying saucers? After the half hour with the angle of the light being at almost 35 degrees from the ground thru our line of sight with the tree, the light shot straight up in the air, passed thru the broken cloud layer, and as it did so, it make a large reflection flare across the bottom of the clouds. We did not see it after that, yet the clouds warn not solid, and we should have had a glimpse of it after it passed thru the clouds. This light passed thru an angle of about 15 degrees in one and a half seconds. I would like to see something that could accelerate at that speed from a standing start, and the color of the light did not change except when it was going up it did not seem to have the slight pulse that it did while it was standing still. Maybe it was moving so fast we could not see it pulse. About two minutes after the light disappeared, two jets, I suppose from Goose Lake, came from the same general direction.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2

pretty fast because we did not hear them until they were at about 2 o'clock, and
then the sound was at 12 o'clock. At no time did we ever see anything but the one
light. There was no wind, the clouds were broken, and we have talked since about
seeing this, but know that it could not have been a weather balloon, or any other
object we can drive, because there was no wind. I would certainly like to have you
explain this one, and if you people come up within the next couple of years with
a flying saucer propelled by light, or using light as a force to drive it, you had
better let me know, because I would have like hell to shoot down one of these things
and see the Familiar Air Force insignia on the side. I don't know that this will
do anything but add to all of the other stuff you have on UFOs but at least it may
make it more interesting. I thought of writing to "Secs Lake" and asking them if
they sent up two jets on that night, and what for, but figured that I would get a
wise reply from some PR man who thought I was a nut. All of this information is
from Captain, and shares are four of us who saw exactly the same thing. Just to give
you a little something more to work on below is a small sketch of our camp, and of
the distance and angles as I remember them. My college mathematics is too rusty
for me to figure out the distances so I leave it to you. I would like to hear from
you though, as to what speed you come up with for this "light" that we saw.

Cordially yours,

[Signature redacted]

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page]:
This is out of scale of course.

(B) final sight as light went thru clouds
angle est. with ground. Time count
by saying 1600, pause didn't get to
1602.0
stationary for approx 1/2 hr.


- page 6 -

