PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
12 Nov 59

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 12/2340Z
GMT: 12/2340Z

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 min.

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj in E or NE at 20° elev climbing erratically
irregular movement. Color yellowish white or
white. Occasional blush or green light in the
obj. Climbed to about 30° in 3 mins. Ten min
later the obj was 40-45° elev still climbing.
No sound, trail, or exhaust.

2. LOCATION
Garden City, New York

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

6. SOURCE
Civilian

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
stationary

12. CONCLUSIONS
☒ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☒ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Movement coincides w/that expected Ofa balloon. Garden City (about 10 mi) West Mitchell AFB was probably a balloon released fm this station.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Gentlemen:

At between about 5:40 and 5:50 P.M., E. S. T., on Thursday, November 12, 1959, while on my way home from Adelphi College, Garden City, Long Island, I saw what possibly may have been an unidentified flying object.

The exact circumstances were as follows: I was walking down Cambridge Avenue, a street which leads south from the campus of Adelphi College, and runs along the edge of a golf course which adjoins Adelphi's campus, this golf course being to the east of Cambridge Avenue. About two blocks down from the rear exit of the campus, at a point where an East-to-West street called Terrace Avenue joins Cambridge Avenue (for clarification, see accompanying rough map), I stopped for a moment to survey the starry night sky (it was already dark); unfortunately I do not remember if there was any moon, but I think there was not. I was then that I noticed, toward the east or east northeast, completely extinguished, generally white, or yellowish-white but occasionally a bluish or perhaps even faintly greenish, point of light, which I observed to be slowly and erratically climbing. I just very barely could, and I cannot quite certainly say, see a form behind it. I watched it for about three to five minutes, while it climbed to a height of perhaps 300°. During this interval of time, several ordinary airplanes passed by, making their own noise, so I could not be sure whether the unknown made any sound - though I did seem to hear, in between the airplane and traffic noises, and seemingly coming from the direction of the unknown, a faint whirring or droning sound, or a sort of low pulsation. There was no exhaust, no other unknown object or objects appeared, there was no color, no materials or objects fell or emanated from it, so far as I could tell.

After watching a few minutes - during which, so far as I could tell, no one else noticed the object - I continued on my way home. About ten or fifteen minutes later - I live only a few blocks from the place of the sighting - I arrived home, and before going in, and took one more last look at the EME sky, I still saw it, irregularly changing in intensity, perhaps 40° or 45° above the horizon. I then went in, and saw it no more.

Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]
Road South
Garden City South, N. Y.

P. S. I would appreciate it if I could know whether anybody else saw what I saw, and just what it was that I saw.

C
O
P
Y


- page 2 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFOIN-1,42                                                     19 JAN 1950

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (wo[redacted])

TO: SAFOI-33 (Maj L. J. Tucker)

1. The reported slow movement of the object seen by [redacted] rules out an aircraft or balloon. An astronomical plot was made and it was determined that the full moon was in the location reported for the object.

2. Due to the lateness of the report, a weather report for the area cannot be obtained. However, it is felt that the witness was looking at the moon through a haze layer which was not readily apparent.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

1 Atch:
Cy ltr, no date, from
[redacted]

[Handwritten text at bottom partially illegible, but appears to reference Garden City, New York in November 1959]


- page 3 -

SAPOI-4 Maj Tackey/mbb/7229l

21 January 1950

Dear Mr.

This is to acknowledge your recent letter concerning an unidentified flying object sighting at Garden City, New York on 12 November 1959.

The Air Force did not receive any other reports concerning your sighting.

The conclusion of the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center is that you were looking at the moon through a haze layer which was not readily apparent.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Road South
Garden City South, New York

Comeback OI-3d
Reader OI-1


- page 4 -

Gentlemen:

I believe that in regard to unidentified flying objects there are two things that should be done. That are 1) To try in some way to contact them.
2) To try to find out if they ever on become intellectually or related or might be with infra-red or ultra-violet or infra-red radiation.

Yours truly,

[Note: Some portions of the document are blacked out, including the sender's name and location details at the top and bottom of the page.]


- page 5 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ATIC-1-42

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: SAFOI-34 (Maj Tacker)

1. The attached letter was sent to ATIC by Jr. Kensington Road South, Garden City South, N. Y.

2. Mr. [redacted] appears to be one of those persons who feels it his duty to make certain suggestions to the Air Force.

3. Suggest that Mr. [redacted] be informed that as yet the Air Force has no material evidence to indicate that there is anyone or anything to contact. Further, that scientists all over the world are constantly sending signals into space to further our knowledge. If there were some advanced race from another planet or system, it would seem these signals would have been intercepted and some attempts made to contact earth.

4. It should be pointed out to Mr. [redacted] that our investigators are equipped to collect as much scientific information as possible when investigating reports of unidentified aerial phenomena. No data resulting from investigation to date revealed any evidence of an increase of radiation of any type or any unusual electrical or magnetic disturbance.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

1 Atch: 1 Atch, no data, fr.

[Stamp: 26 APR 1960]


- page 6 -

