PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
28 Jan 59

2. LOCATION
Approx 1000 Mi WSW of Azores Is

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Level _______
GMT         21:45z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual
☐Air-Visual
☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Intensely bright obj, pulsating white to deep red, then green, then white. White glow in sky dim area.

11. COMMENTS
Venus was in location of observation

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possible Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☒ Was Astronomicsl Venus
☐ Probably Astronomicsl
☐ Possibly Astronomicsl
☐ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

Clouds and/or haze would account for apparent change in color.


- page 1 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   28 January 1959
Atlanta, Georgia

NX11
BY LEON BURNETT

UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL
ATLANTA, JAN. 28.--(UPI)--PEOPLE WERE SEEING AND HEARING ALL SORTS OF THINGS. ONE WAS REPORTED TO HAVE "BURNED LIKE FIRE AND SMELLED LIKE ATHLETE'S FOOT."

THE REPORTS CAME IN YESTERDAY AND LAST NIGHT FROM NORTH CAROLINA, ALABAMA AND FLORIDA. AT LEAST TWO OF THE MYSTERIES WERE SOLVED. HOME OF MR. AND MRS. [REDACTED] ON CONTACT WITH THE GROUND JUST OUTSIDE DALLAS, N.C. IT QUICKLY DROPPED IT.

MRS. [REDACTED] SAID SHE PICKED UP THE LIMP-LOOKING OBJECT, AND VERY "IT BURNED LIKE FIRE AND SMELLED LIKE ATHLETE'S FOOT," SHE SAID.

AUTHORITIES HAD A LOOK, DID SOME CHECKING AND REPORTED IT WAS A BALLOON, THOUGHT TO HAVE BEEN SENT ALOFT FROM COLORADO.

THERE WAS A LOUD, UNEXPLAINED EXPLOSION THAT RESOUNDED OVER GASTON, N.C., ABOUT AN HOUR BEFORE THE BALLOON FELL, AND ANOTHER WAS HEARD NEAR CHARLOTTE, N.C. BUT ALL APPARENTLY WERE CAUSED BY BURSTING WEATHER BALLOONS.


- page 2 -

No Case (Information Only)                                3 January 1959
                                                                   Santa Monica, California

SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF INFORMATION SERVICES
LOS ANGELES BRANCH
4005 SUNSET BOULEVARD
HOLLYWOOD 28, CALIFORNIA

MADISON 5-7411 • EXT. 341

SAYS-14-1                                                          6 January 1959

SUBJECT:  Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO:       Commander
          Air Technical Intelligence Center
          Norton Air Force Base
          San Bernardino, California

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2 dated 5 February 1958, as amended
3 July 1958, the following UFO sighting report is submitted:

Mr. [redacted], Manager, [redacted] Cab Company, [redacted]
Santa Monica, California, Telephone: [redacted], stated
he observed a UFO at 1635 PST on 3 January. He further stated that he
and two associated observers this object through binoculars for 14 minutes.
The object appeared to be floating in a horizontal position for this
period, then disappeared. It was cylindrical in shape and appeared to
be some long silver tube wound at the ends and had black metal upright
stripes. The altitude was estimated at 20,000 feet.

Mr. [redacted] requests a personal contact and desires to describe
and draw the object for an official representative of the United States
Air Force.

[redacted] has been informed that this action is being taken by
this office.

                                                VICTOR E. IRONS, JR.
                                                Major, USAF
                                                Chief, Press, Magazines /
                                                and Book Branch

Copies furnished:
Comdg, Wright-Patterson AFB

VLIC
[additional illegible text at bottom of page]


- page 3 -

FEBRUARY 1959 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                       OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

Feb/Apr Coburg, Virginia               (Separate folder)Multi     Other (MISINTERPRETATION)
2        S of Sandusky, Ohio                                      Aircraft
4        Balloon, Canal Zone                                      Astro (METEOR)
4        Washington, D.C.                        (PHOTO)          Aircraft
6        Dinadale, Virginia                                       Insufficient Data
6        Mitchell AFB, New York                                   Other (REFLECTION)
6        Boulder, Colorado                        (PHOTO)          Other (REFLECTION)
7        Ann Arbor, Michigan                                      Astro (MARS)
7        Jackson, Tennessee                       (PHYSICAL S)     Balloon
9        Miami, Florida                                           Aircraft (REFUEL OPR)
11       South Carolina Area                      Multi (Civ & Mil) Astro (METEOR)
11       Phillipsburg, Pennsylvania               3 Civ Pilots    Other (PARA FLARE)
11       Rockingham, North Carolina                               Astro (METEOR)
12       Mansfield, Ohio                          (PHOTO)         Vapor Trails
12       Tanana, Alaska                                           Balloon
13       Wilday & Oak Harbor, Washington                          Astro (METEOR)
14       W of Nashiromintato, Japan                               Astro (MARS)
14       Palacios, Texas                                          Astro (ARCTURUS)
16       Benghazi, Libya                          (British Mil.)  Insufficient Data
17       Whitby Island, Washington                Military        Astro (METEOR)
18       Dayton, Ohio                                             Astro (SIRIUS)
18       Dayton, Ohio                                             Astro (METEOR)
20       Hall Lake NWT, Canada                    Military        Astro (METEOR)
20       Cincinnati, Ohio                                         Aircraft
22       60 Mi W of Puerto Rico                                   Other (MISSILE)
23       Madisonville, Kentucky                                   Aircraft
24       Rapid City, Michigan                     Capital Airlines Astro (METEOR)
24       Over Pennsylvania                        Am-United       Aircraft (REFUEL OPR)
24       Victorville, California                                  Other (PSYCHOLOGICAL CAUSE)
26       Kansas City, Missouri                                    Aircraft
27       29 Mi W of Oceanside, California         Military        Balloon
28       Colorado Springs, Colorado                               Aircraft
28       Belaire, New York                                        Insufficient Data

(R) IN SEPARATE FOLDERS


- page 4 -

ATIC

30 JAN 59 JB 39 16 03

RF959
CZCSQB6S3ZCNBA114
RR RJEDSA
DE RJEDN8 225
R 292139Z
FM COMENR
TO COMDR ATIC
BT

/UNCLASS/FR NEINT 40-
POSIT 2821432 LAPTM LAPTW X INTENSE BRIGHT OBJECT
BEARING 259 X 5 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON 2 TIMES VENUS
DIAMETER PULSATING WHITE TO DEEP RED THEN GREEN THEN
WHITE FOR 90 SECS OBSCURED BY CLOUDS X WHITE GLOW IN
SKY IN AREA OBSCURED FOR 30 MIN X NO RETURN ON RADAR
X NO ELECTRONIC DISTURBANCE.
BT

29/2239Z JAN RJEDN8

26633


- page 5 -

COPY

DIPLOMAT MOTEL STATIONARY
St Louis, 8, Missouri

United States Air Force
Office of Aerial Phenomena

Sirs: It may be a little bit late in trying to say or believe I saw, what my brother in law and father in law thought we seen in 1959. I am not sure it really was there, but whatever it was, I never will forget it. The longest day I live, I was visiting my sick mother in law, and we were there listening to the Doctor tell us what he wanted us as he wrote out his prescription for us to go to O'Fallon, Mo. to the drug store to pick up the medicine, which is about eight miles east of Wentzville, Mo. at about 11:15 o'clock in my father in law and brother in law's car in my car for the eight miles drive to O'Fallon, Mo., to pick up the medicine the doctor told us to get for my mother in law. We went down in about 25 minutes and started back upon the highway 40, to return to my mother in law and the Dr. with the drugs he had told us to get. Now this is somewhat what took place. We had to go south under US 40 to take a left turn to get upon the slab to go west to Wentzville, Mo. In so doing, as we came upon the slab making the turn the car lights headed in the sky somewhat, then west, then directly south of us, toward Weldon Springs, Missouri, where there is a Government plant, making something to do with Atomic works, was large round object, spinning directly over this plant. Now there is no other lights in the sky, no other object, or artificial, or weather balloons that would hover that low and cast that type of light as we seen.

Sirs, I am not making this story up, because the three of us were scared to say anything we stop and got out and look up at this object for at least 20 minutes before it taken off in a southwest direction, and was out of sight in about 10-15 seconds, just leaving a vapor trail, behind it. Now there was a beautiful full moon that nite and the three of us stood there with our north open, not saying a word until it was out of our sight, then spoke up and said did you fellows see that thing. I and I said yes, but it was as if someone else said it for me. I was scared stiff. Nobody else said anything else until we got in town. Then I said don't tell me one man was seeing a ghost. They won't believe us anyway, so we never spoke of what we saw that nite to no one.

But, the same year I am writing as to see if anyone else can who really was there. I am going to sketch a drawing of what I thought we saw, but to me I am a firm believer in seeing is believing, and yet I cannot force myself to believe what we 3 really did see. No, I am not wanting to create a sensation with all three, cause the only reason I am writing to you at this time, I still wonder about the whole thing. Was it really real or not. Now I am not asking no one to believe this, cause any same person would say it is to fantastic. I am sure if someone came up to me with such a yarn, as want me say, I would say he was crazy as hell, or trying to gain something through bad publicity. But I am sure we three are one, and brave men.

We hunt a lot in places no one else will go on account of the ghost stories, but I am not afraid of anything, that is in reason. Please tell if there is such a thing as we really saw. We have never told even our families. You can confide in us.

Sincerely

Note: Drawing with added comments that there was a burning sensation in the area as the


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for December 27, 1958                407

Venus Appears Early
A brilliant display of stars, with Mars easily visible and Venus beginning to show after sundown, can be seen in the January skies.

By JAMES STOKLEY

> TO THE usual display of brilliant stars in the January evening sky there is added this month the planet Mars.

Although Mars is not at its greatest brilliance at the time of its close approach in November, it is still brighter than one of the stars visible. The dog star, Sirius, in the southeast, in Canis Major, the great dog. Mars is in Aries, the ram, high in the southwest. After sunset, as darkness falls, Mars may be seen well up in the western sky. It remains visible until about 10:30 p.m.

The positions of Mars and Sirius, as well as the other stars now seen, are shown on the accompanying maps. Those show the way the sky looks about ten o'clock your own kind of standard time, at the beginning of January, about nine o'clock in the middle and eight at the end.

Brilliance in the Southwest

It is to the southeast that the most brilliant display of stars is found these evenings. In fact, there is no other part of the sky of similar area with so many bright ones. Sirius, as noted above, is the brightest. Above it, and to the right, stands Orion, the warrior, in which there are two stars of the first magnitude, Betelgeuse and Rigel. As depicted on the old star maps, with Orion's figure drawn around the stars, Betelgeuse was in one of his shoulders, and Rigel in his upraised left knee. The row of three stars between them represented his belt.

High in the south, just to the right of Orion, is Taurus, the bull, supposedly charging at the warrior.

In Taurus is the bright star called Aldebaran, distinctly red in color, which marks the animal's eye. In his shoulder, a little higher and to the right, is a cluster of fainter stars called the Pleiades. Six of these may be seen with the naked eye, and many more may be seen through a telescope. A pair of binoculars, or even opera glasses.

Directly overhead (at the times for which these maps are prepared) is Auriga, the charioteer, in which stands the brilliant Capella. To the east of Auriga, you come to Gemini, the twins, with Pollux, of the first magnitude, and Castor, of the second.

A little lower and farther south, about halfway between Pollux and Sirius, is Canis Minor, the lesser dog, with Procyon, another first magnitude star.

This brilliant array of stars forms an irregular pentagon surrounding Betelgeuse. Starting with Capella, and going clockwise.

For example, take Sirius, which is the brightest star that we can see in the nighttime sky.

Astronomers express stellar brightness in magnitudes. A star of the first magnitude is 100 times as bright as one of the sixth, which is the faintest that can be seen with the naked eye. But Sirius is much brighter than the average star of the first magnitude, so it has been necessary to put it at magnitude minus 16. This is about 13 times as bright as Pollux, which is the faintest of the group we are considering. About a sixth as bright as Sirius.

Star Distances

Looking at the stars in the sky, their distances can be determined. The astronomer, however, has various methods whereby he can determine their distances. He has found that Rigel is about 63 times as far as Sirius. Light travels about 186,000 miles in a second. Coming from Sirius it reaches the earth in about 8.7 years, while that from Rigel takes about 543 years for the journey. If Rigel were moved to the distance of Sirius, it would be about 4,600 times as bright; it would equal the brightness of our moon in brilliance. The actual brightness of Sirius is about 27 times that of the sun (which is only 93,000,000 miles, or 8.3 light-minutes) away). Rigel, however, exceeds the sun some 18,000 times.

Among the other stars of Orion and its vicinity, the number of times they exceed the sun in brightness are as follows: Ca-

[The rest of the text is cut off at the bottom of the page]

The document also contains two star charts showing the positions of various stars and constellations in the January sky.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Bay Shore, L.I., N.Y.
March 30, 1966

National Aeronautics, And
Space Administration,
Washington, D.C.

A object that I witnessed over seven years ago: Recorded in writing and prepared for its release to the then Sheriff of Suffolk County, Long Island, New York. Copied by my self in a night scene. In a black, and white chalk drawing. (Displayed several times in an Art Exhibition). I had decided many times to forward same to (National Aeronautics) And, Space Administration (Air Force Intelligence) (Science and Technical publication Florida), Or elsewhere, who would be interested in such a fact-sighting-observation.

This earth-dip sweep, and left bank: To a stationary motionless position inside a cloud, and dark space sparks and substance, that was pulled down by gravity. (In a steady perpendicular drop, to the earth). Of a heavy matter consistency that did not react to wind, or scatter. (Its explosive type of glow with-in its own made cloud), or natural cloud). Its brightness was of a (few second to minute).

Its height when passing over head was less than the flight path for type of planes that fly at night. (In all directions). Its cloud height was fifteen to two thousand feet. The average for that time of evening, temperature, and season. (Spring or Fall). (It would take days, to relocate my files).

Its stationary point of disintegration, and disappearance, was at a point parallel to a two hundred foot high stand water pipe. This is a solid (from tank ground to its top). Built before the nineteen hundreds. (Its top has been recently capped over for fall outs). Its top protruding through a low hanging haze: would appear like photos taken in Wyoming and Montannas of unidentified objects back in 1947.

Its stationary distance from this water stand pipe at the time of its disintegration and disappearance was approximately a thousand feet west. A thousand feet to the west runs into the Bay. At this location of the stand pipe tank the area for a thousand foot diameter was a millpond. (Ice was cut from it in the winter). Fill has developed the area. A large hospital is less than two hundred feet east of the tank. (High winds used to spill water before caping).

The tank itself is located at our Montauk Highway: less than a half mile from the Great South Bay. From any point of observation the flight and left bank into a stationary could have been equal. Back and West direction or at a triangular point from the tank. Hovering over the Bay: At a point off Bay-Berry Point, Peninsula: A half mile off shore of the main land. In the previous (Bay Shore, Long Island).

At the time of this unusual sighting: was the impression it was a jet pilot's cockpit; that glowed with friction. Or its lightning inside the canopy; had produced the (Greenish Florescence glow).

Those past seven years I have designed, and fabricated a twenty three foot inboard sport fisherman all season; displacement. Ocean going marine craft. Designed to receive automobile motors up to a slight factor of twelve hundred pounds. A three point catamoran (one unit-design) with features to equip, Hydro-foil. Pontoon landing gear of my own design).

Literature, and Brochure has been distributed through-out many points in Europe: London, Sweden, Norway Canada, Japan. To locate competent tooled Plastic «sea-Fiber-Glass Lamination.


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(2)

While in my performance test, and pleasure exploitation, I attempted to clean with a pair of clam tongs. The area chosen was in the approximate estimated location where the "hovering" object, described 11 hours earlier, was hot-red-perhaps-me-tter. The dropped to gravity pull.

This area was loaded with cherry stone, and smaller, and larger clams. One of the greatest concentration of clams fields in our area. Claims are sowed by the State of New York Conservation Department. There's a stroke laws on taking clams under size.

This 'Great Cove' spreads its circumference to two more villages beside a "Bay Shore". Six Brightwaters adjacent to the westerly village to the east. Six brook groups. Adjacent to the third brook in the each. (east and west direction): was the which the gliding object; made its scoop towards the bay south).

As the object passed overhead. (At a speed of a small single or two engine displacement craft). Its canopy cook-pit glowed in a (Greenish Florescence color).

From 1941 to 1945 I was employed as an, Aircraft Bench Mechanic. Several tooling inventions were rewarded to me extended small scale self power air craft. (One recorded in 1941 with the National Advisory Committee on Aeronautics). They did not approve of my swept back wing theme).

I am familiar with the night flight test operations taking place coverall in this area, Orienting from Republic Aircraft, and Grumman; at Farmingdale, Suffolk County New York. Also the big two, and four motor, and jet transport. The practice landings; afternoon, and night: into, and out our Fc-Arthur Airport in Bohemia, Suffolk County, L.I, New York.

Having just completed an extensive 'thesis' on Astronomy, On "Caesars," Thought to have a the mass of at least a hundred milli -ion suns). Dwarf Galaxies receding at 14,000 miles per second.
Our own Galaxy, 100,000 light years. Across.

Quote: Science News Letter for May 29, 1965 life 2.7 Bill -ion years old). Molecules Synthesized only by living systems have been found in material with 12.7 Billion years old). Indication that life is a billion years older than previously thought. Life existed on earth more than 2.5 Billion years ago - nearly a billion years earlier than previous date set for known living organisms.

This finding could mean the earth is even older than the some 4.5 billion years now believed. It could also mean that 1.1 to 1.4 billion years looking material found in meteorites are actually examples of living forms reaching earth as visitors from space. If further tests show that such meteorite results from biological processes, it will mean that man is not alone in the universe. (unquote).

Scientist who are of the opinion that the unidentified flying objects are (Electro Magnetic Field) or Anti-gravity propellant. (Without residue material). This discharge of the object in description may be of interest to such research.

These brooks are arroyos formed after the Glacial formation of Long Island, and the erosion of drain off waters to the south shore, and into the Great-South Bay of Long Island.

A penetrating sub-surface deposit; in the bottom of these brooks, or arroyos, and swamps; may contain an element with proper -ties of interest and value to these objects.

A thirteen million dollar-shopping center now occupies the swamp. (G.H. Macy). and brook course.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

My eighteen years as School Guard. Out in the public's eye has influenced my effort not to over the public's item: Community-wise: I would not have had peace, had this sighting been promoted in our local, and neighborhood County wide news-paper.

I have attempted to recruit some of my friends and equa-lintance to explore with me, for fact data that might add to the Identification or the object sighted. It has a true time earthly explanation.

I will offer the use of my boat to explore this area / or others in this portion of the Great South Bay. Should a source provide, or lean a Geiger counter, Or other equipment need, to establish facts of this research findings.

This recent research into the most recent finding in An-thropology on earliest man. Dating at 1,820,000 years ago). And the fascination: privilege, to be permitted to observe; And now into the future, and the path of light years at an instant; of applied interest has designated my future devotion.

Being an outdoor man, and working in temperatures to zero minus. (A drop or rise of a degree is seriously considered. (Particularly if a wind is moving air). I will remain relaxed or tense upon application of clothing.

Babylon five miles to the west, and at the same mean sea level will always register degrees lower, (one or more). These arroyo's are broad and impressively. That make up the topography of Long Island. They stretch in a northwest direction to the nor-th shore of Long Island, rising to a height of over one hundred feet above mean sea level. This is the direction of the water flow from melting ice, and snow that was deposited on the shores of (Connecticut) in the form; sliding glacier: that dug the sound, and washed ashore Long Island as a sand bar. (A delta).

Weathered bed-rock has been found at two thousand foot de-ep level. Seven miles across the Great South Bay; (Long Island is composed of fine, coarse, sand, and gravel). A six inch stone is found among this (deposits in scattered quantities). Boulders from a basketball to the size of a house are found on the north side off Long Island. (All bear erosion movement, and pressure for smooth-ness, indication).

From this deduction it is feasable that the northwest low temperature air currents travel in, and above these arroyo's to the warmer air of the ocean, and Gulf stream which is about five hundred miles off of Long Island. When ground air currents are northwest.

Electro-Magnetic fields may react favorable to this type of molecular streams; similarly through the frigid zone into our en-vironment here in the temperate zone. (I will soon know should this effort reach a source that has evidence or theory that can design its propellant).

In the realm of unidentified objects that might prove interesting to those who are an Authority on Geology, Human Physiology, Physics, and Anthropology.

One of my neighbors found, (what looks like a petrified object washed upon the Ocean Beach), (or dropped there upon the sand dunes). These appear in shape, form, and detail of a (Continuing) female urethra (Blood root). A blue green cluster. Appears of two bent gray-white solid tubing or sinew: torn or cut. Several inch long slashes on other parts of the body of this object.


- page 10 -

Its appearance was of a folded over or cupped Beef lever. A red part of its formation: was shaped like a shrunk female breast. The inner most fold could still be seen the original burnt/or smoked with a black smoked covering). "The wife of the finder cleaned it with bleach).

Its composition is of a firm coralline substance.

The whole object would spread twelve inches by six inches thick.

Of uneven structure with an outer-ings in the form of small brown oblong foot-ball, like shapes. Suggesting 'fowl's kidney's.

This item may be seen here in Bay Shore, Suffolk County, New York.

Thanking you for your fine prompt interest in this effort I am:

Very Truly Yours,


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                January 1959
                                                          Lampassas, Texas

Source: APRO
Bulletin
July
1963

They came within about 120 feet of our car and then stopped and sank down into the ground. Shortly afterwards they lights came up through a pasture. Sometimes the tops and although they were out of range of a 22 rifle, they lit up the interior of the car," Mrs. Richardson stated.

Each of the nights several boys and girls from the high school have gone to the hills east of the city to watch them. Tuesday night there were between 30 and 40 boys and girls watching them. Jim Tichenor who has been watching them each night said they looked to be about 18 inches in diameter. They swooped down over the city, from the hills in the east and from the hill in the west from Iowa. Sometimes they just made a white light.

On subsequent trips, the couple said, they saw lights coming out of the ground and sinking back into the earth. Peculiarly enough, we would only see the lights on Saturday night and between 12:30 and 2:30 in the morning - always on clear nights.

Saturday night, January 24, the Richardsons pulled up and parked on the county road, so as to see if they could see the lights again.

We haven't been there but just a few minutes when we spotted a huge light about 20 miles north and on the east of the mountain and in moving flat it was described by Mrs. Richardson as darkened speed the light made a right angle turn and headed directly for us," Franklin said.

"I was driving," said Mrs. Richardson "and I started the car and was trying to get out of there."

I looked over my shoulder and saw the light on the right and in back of me real close," she said. "I was trying to get away from it and trying to watch the road and the light at the same time when we approached a curve and I hit the brakes.

The loose gravel made the braking so severe the car skidded and bounced. The car was severely damaged and Mrs. Richardson suffered cuts and bruises and has been in bed most of this week.

I brought my wife into the hospital early Sunday morning for treatment and the doctors said she was suffering from shock and exposure.

When we got there I saw two of the lights but neither one was close.

(See Monitoring, next page)


- page 12 -

