PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
7 Jul 50

2. LOCATION
Emmons, Minnesota

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual
☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
N/A

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
A metal obj 17 inches long & 5 inches in diameter, apparently of magnesium alloy, approx 12 1/4 lbs., found on a farm by the owner. Obj very corroded. It was lying on top of the grass, & there were no marks to indicate how had fallen.

11. COMMENTS
Lab analysis - anode.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

(OBJECT IN SPECIMEN FILE)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAPIS-34/Maj Tackey/mhb/7229l

17 September 1959

Dear Mr.

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your letters of
29 July and 2 September 1959.

There are no still or motion pictures available for loan.
Suggest you contact the owners of film submitted to Air
Technical Intelligence Center for evaluation as it is always
returned.

The object you refer to which was found in Minnesota was
a magnesium anode. This was not a tentative identification,
but a final evaluation in this case.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr.
Fulcrum Productions
P. O.
Morristown, New Jersey

Comeback IS-3d
Reader IS-1


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

RADIO AND TELEVISION PROGRAMMING
U. P. O. NEWSLETTER
PUBLIC RELATIONS

Morristown, N. J., U. S. A.

29 July 1959

Maj. Lawrence J. Tacker
Public Information Div., OIS
Secretary of the Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Major Tacker,

Thank you for your letter of 2 July, attentive to our photograph as submitted to ATIC for analysis; we will eagerly await the results of the investigation.

I would appreciate it if you would send us any available information on the current status of Project Bluebook, including the report issued on the first six months of this year, as summarized in release 76-AGcs dated 15 July 1959.

Can you tell me if any of the still or motion-pictures in ATIC or other files, pertaining to the subject of UFOs, is available to this office for loan or file use? I am particularly interested in locating the photos taken by Mr. _______ in this town a dozen or so years ago, and those by Mr. _______ of Louisville, Kentucky, both cases which were submitted to your office or ATIC.

Thank you for your continued cooperation.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature and additional details are redacted/blacked out]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

RADIO AND TELEVISION PROGRAMMING
U. P. O. NEWSLETTER
PUBLIC RELATIONS

Morristown, N. J., U.S.A.

2 September 1959

Maj. Lawrence J. Tacker
Public Information Div., OIS
Secretary of the Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Major Tacker,

As I have not yet received any reply to my letter of 29 July, I thought perhaps I could wave an additional letter and ask one or two additional questions for reply in the same note.

As you know from earlier correspondence per strange material found in Caldwell, New Jersey, we have been investigating a number of falls of strange material (in this case I do not refer to "Sky Ice") both here and elsewhere in the country. I have recently learned of some unusual material which fell on the farm of one [redacted] near Albert Lea, Minn.

Sheriff Everette Stovern of Freeborn County, Minnesota, advised me that the material was immediately charged over to Lt. Porter of Air Force Intelligence, Minneapolis.

This material, I believe, was tentatively identified as Magnesium Anode, used in preventing corrosion of pipe lines. We would appreciate it if you could give us any further information about this case. If it is at all possible I would be anxious to obtain a photograph of the material, or a small sample to add to our growing collection.

I would redirect your attention to my earlier question about photographs, as we are trying to assemble as many photos relative to the UFO question as possible.

Thank you in advance for your continued cooperation.

Sincerely yours,
[signature redacted]


- page 4 -

7 JULY 1959

SAFIS-3A/Maj Tacker/mbb/7229l

17 September 1959

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your letters of 29 July and 2 September 1959.

There are no still or motion pictures available for loan. Suggest you contact the owner of film submitted to Air Technical Intelligence Center for evaluation as it is always returned.

The object you refer to which was found in Minnesota was a magnesium smoke. This was not a tentative identification, but a final evaluation in this case.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. [redacted]
P.O. [redacted]
Morristown, New Jersey

Comeback IS-3d
Reader IS-1

9


- page 5 -

EMMONS, MINNESOTA
7 July 1959

MEMO TO MAJOR FRIEND

SUBJECT: UFO Found in Emmons, Minn.

1. A long distance telephone call was received by this Center to General Dougher's office at approximately 1210 hours from W/O Det 7, 1006th AISS, Minneapolis, Minn. W/O stated that he was referred to the UFO Group, but was unable to contact anyone. In brief, the following represents his report and the recommendations made to him by Colonel Rethman and Captain Gregory:

a. A metal object 17 inches long and 5 inches in diameter, apparently of magnesium alloy, approximately 12½ pounds, was reported to the AISS office by the Sheriff of Albert Lee County (at the Minnesota Iowa border).

b. The object was found on a farm by the owner who reported it to the Sheriff. The Sheriff then contacted the news photographer of the Tribune, Albert Lee County, Minnesota, who arrived on the scene and photographed it on 7 July 1959. Consequently, it hit all the Minneapolis papers.

c. The sheriff then notified Det 7, who picked up the object, making a study of the terrain, other features, and the circumstances attending its finding. Det 7 asked the assistance of Army CIC and the local OSI to assist them in the investigation. Nothing was uncovered that would shed any light.

d. In the course of the telephone conversation it was revealed that the object was very corroded. It was lying on top of the grass, and there were no penetration marks in the ground, no discoloration, nothing that would indicate a flight or fall. Bushes and nearby trees were checked by the AISS and there were no indications of any broken leaves or anything that would


- page 6 -

indicate flight from above. According to Holmes the object resembled a very corroded artillery shell. It was solid, and there was a tiny spring protruding from the rear.

e. He requested instructions as to what course of action he should take.

The following was recommended:

(1) That every attempt be made to get it to W-P AFB as soon as possible in a wooden container, and addressed to 4846.

(2) It should be taken to the nearest Air Base and forwarded by Air Force plane, using Par 44f, AFR 200-2 for assistance as authority, together with a cover letter explaining the circumstances of the case.

(3) It was requested that a detailed AF 112 follow, and that 4646 be notified by telephone as to the time of arrival, plane number, and which area it would land.

(4) It was also requested that all possible photographs be included, including statement of witnesses to the effect that the corroded object was lying on top of the grass with no marks of disturbance or burning of the grass.

(5) W/O [redacted] emphasized the fact that various newspapers and Air Force PIO officers were badgering him for details. He was instructed to say that the object had been forwarded to the pertinent Air Force echelon for review, analysis, and possible identification. W/O [redacted] mentioned that the newspapers implied that this may have been a part of a rocket. He was asked to ascertain if there were any artillery or firing ranges in that area.

Captain Gregory


- page 7 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-4E46

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: SAFIS-3 (Maj L. J. Tacker)

11 SEP 1959

1. Reference letter, subject: "UFO Report", dated 10 August 1959, addressed to SAFIS-3.

2. Suggested reply to Mr. [redacted]'s letter of 29 July 1959, was forwarded to your office in the letter referenced in paragraph one.

3. The object picked up in Minnesota was evaluated as a magnesium anode. Mr. [redacted] (case attachment) indicates that this fact has already been brought to his attention.

4. This Center, in keeping with a recently established policy by AFCIN and coordinated with SAFIS, is not to provide special information or samples to the general public.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

NICHOLAS POST
Acts, Deputy for Science
and Components

1 Atch:
Cy ltr dtd 2 Sep 59
fr L. R. Munsick


- page 8 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible. There are several black redaction bars covering portions of the document, and the remaining text is too faint or blurry to be accurately transcribed. The document appears to be a black and white scanned page from a report, but the details cannot be clearly read.


- page 9 -

This case contains 1, 8"x10" photo.


- page 10 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text in this image. The document appears to be a very low-quality, grainy black and white scan showing a tall, narrow rectangular shape with blurred edges against a light background. The image quality is extremely poor, making any text unreadable.


- page 11 -

Memo for Record - 14 July 1959

On approval of Maj. Tucker, I called W.T. Porter 150, 246th Air Base Group, Minn-St. Paul Air Force Base, and gave him info to satisfy inquiries from the local press. Lt. Porter had called earlier & said newspapers were pressing him.

Lt. Tucker's number is
Minneapolis
TAckwy 1-2915, Ext. 553


- page 12 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFOIN-4284g

SUBJECT: UFO Report

11 SEP 1959

TO: SAFIS-3 (Maj L. J. Tacker)

1. Reference letter, subject: "UFO Report", dated 10 August 1959, addressed to SAFIS-3.

2. Suggested reply to Mr. ______'s letter of 29 July 1959, was forwarded to your office in the letter referenced in paragraph one.

3. The object picked up in Minnesota was evaluated as a magnesium anode. Mr. _______ already indicates in his letter (see attachment) that this fact has been brought to his attention.

4. This Center, in keeping with a recently established policy by AFCIN and coordinated with SAFIS, is not to provide special information or samples to the general public.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

NICHOLAS POST
Actg. Deputy for Science
and Components

1 Atch:
Cy ltr dtd 2 Sep 59
fr ________


- page 13 -

