The given image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a project record card from Project 10073, which describes a sighting event that occurred on 1 Oct 59 at Keesler AFB, Mississippi.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 1 Oct 59
2. LOCATION: Keesler AFB, Miss.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0442
4. GMT: 0 Yes
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. SOURCE: G Ground-Visual
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 to 15 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: This obj. size of full moon, color changed to orange. Obj observed, appeared to be self-luminous. Unable to be of gaseous substance*.
11. COMMENTS: Obj viewed was of interest. Data insufficient for analysis.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with various questions about an observed object or phenomenon.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One) 
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool 
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day: 1  Month: 57  Year: [REDACTED]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? 
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[No response provided]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Lengthy response describing the observer's opinion on the nature and cause of the observed object]

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS xxxxxxxx Keesler AFB City Miss State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job? Occupations for ground nationals
Age 34 Sex M
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College 2 years
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 Oct 59

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images, only a typed U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with handwritten text.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and added as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 20 OCTOBER 1957

At about 4:30 A.M. CST, airman [Redacted] and [Redacted] observed a bright round object with a brilliant light, pale blue in color, traveling in a southwesterly direction. It appeared to be about 60 feet in diameter and about 1000 feet in altitude. It was traveling at an estimated speed of 600 to 700 mph. The object made no sound and left no vapor trail. After traveling about 20 miles, it made an abrupt turn to the north and accelerated to an estimated speed of 3000 mph. It then made another abrupt turn to the northwest and disappeared from sight. The entire observation lasted about 2 to 3 minutes.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

1 October 1959

Hq. SAAC 

Keesler A.F.B., Miss. 

1. Reference to paragraph 3 of your letter dtd 1 Sept. 1959. 

The following is a report of the incident concerning the object sighted by Capt. [redacted] and Lt. [redacted] on the night of 6 October 1958 while on duty at Keesler A.F.B.:

This incident occurred about 2245 hrs on the night of 6 October 1958. Capt. [redacted] and Lt. [redacted] were on flying safety patrol in a vehicle on the flight line when they observed an extremely bright light in the sky approximately 15 degrees above the horizon. This light was observed for approximately 5 minutes and was estimated to be about the size of a grapefruit held at arm's length. The light was described as being elliptical in shape, bright white in color, and pulsing or flashing at a rate of about 2-3 flashes per second. The light seemed to be stationary and did not appear to move during the observation. There were no navigation lights or other identifying lights visible on the object. After the 5 minute observation, the light suddenly went out, leaving an after-image on the observers' eyes. 

Very truly yours, 

[redacted]

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a document from Project Blue Book, specifically a letter dated October 7, 1959 from Lawrence J. Tacker, Major, USAF, Public Information Division, addressed to an Airman at Keesler AFB, Mississippi.

The text of the letter is as follows:

7 October 1959

Dear Airman,

This is to acknowledge your letter of 1 October regarding a sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object.

Your letter contains insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, request you complete the attached Air Force Questionnaire in regard to the sightings and forward the completed paper to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, for analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division

Enclosure
Keesler AFB, Mississippi

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet that was filled out to gather information about an unidentified aerial phenomenon sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give us as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? October, 1957
2. Time of day: 4:52 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Keesler A.F.B., Mississippi
Nearest Postal Address: City & Town Keesler A.F.B. State or Country Mississippi
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. Hours 0 Minutes 3 Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Project Blue Book - Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember 

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car?) b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 
b. Suddenly speed up and pull away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off a smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):  a. Solid b. Transparent c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses 
c. Windshield
d. Window glass
e. Binoculars
f. Telescope 
g. Theodolite
h. Other

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. Instead, it shows a document page with a drawing of an unidentified object in the center, along with several questions and response fields below it.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _______
b. Color _bright white, circular or oval in shape, reflecting sunlight_____

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred    
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other ______________________

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? One.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to the investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). 

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. feet.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length? 
(Circle One):    a. Head of a pin    b. Pea    c. Dime    d. Nickel    e. Quarter    f. Half dollar
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Went off in the distance and was lost to sight.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which were similar to what you saw. That was all the writing on the form that I was able to transcribe through optical character recognition.

- page 10 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a questionnaire or survey form related to a UFO sighting.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. In a wooded area?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Saw it out of window, and was startled by its rapid speed and movement. Had never seen anything like it before.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was up from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 75 degrees. (32.5)
b. From horizon 45 degrees. (Estimated at 45 degrees)

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ____________ degrees.

- page 11 -

The image appears to contain two sketches related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The larger sketch on the left shows a curved line indicating the path of the object as it appeared above the horizon, with a figure on the ground observing it. The smaller sketch on the right shows a more detailed view of the object's appearance, with a burst-like shape. The text instructs the reader to refer to the smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

32. In the following sketch, that shows the object as you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 12 -

