PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
10 Jul 59

2. LOCATION
Oak, Nebraska

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2000
GMT 10/0622 Jul 59

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Thin, red obj w/fuzzy edges, color changing to white, size of grapefruit. Obj hovered & maneuvered in different direction. Appeared to be made of gas that brightens & dim.

11. COMMENTS
More liable witness. See Conover Nebraska rpt dated 20 Jul 59 IR 112 para 11.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot?
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Day] [Month] [Year] (all blank)

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mr. & Mrs. [redacted]
[Location redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Work, clouds, sky, solar


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (circled) No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [No speed written]

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (circled) No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1020 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted/Blacked out]

ADDRESS [Partially visible: "... City" "Zone" "State"]

TELEPHONE NUMBER [Blacked out]

What is your present job? Clerk, Var. Mag. Store

Age 18   Sex male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school   Puget
b. High school   4 yrs
c. College   [blank]
d. Post graduate   [blank]

e.a. Technical school   [blank]
f. Other special training   [blank]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: Aug 27 1958

Page 8 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: August 7, 1959

[Handwritten text, partially transcribed below:]

"I was driving along the road west, alone. B. co. at note. There were a few stars scattered. I noticed the object, it was framing south. I turned to go south and it kept going south. I turned west again and the object turned east. I stopped and the object hastily turned around. I started back and turned north. As I turned north, I noticed some work. The note was not clear. Stopped. The distance is ideal at start some and did it looks back."

[Note: Some words in the handwritten section are difficult to read with complete certainty.]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Nebraska resident named Jim Chapman ... at 10:30 P. M. on July 16th, a Superior, from a ball game, a UFO followed him along a highway. When he charged his direction of travel, the UFO did also. Finally Chapman became to the plains scared, overtually came upon two other people, and the three of them reported that the UFO followed them in the same way, changing direction wherever they did. It was a 20-degree angle in the sky and about a quarter of a mile every, according to the witnesses.....

The SI PERIOR (Nebraska) EXPRESS on July 16, 1959 carried the following account of an oddly strange occurrence:

"Anyone Else See the Flying Saucer or Whatever it Was? Three Say 'It'"

They didn't get a close-up view of it, and they do not claim to have seen it flying closer. There must be some explanation. If it they aren't satisfied with the explanation, they haven't figured out what it is. Their certainly was something there and Nebraska county newsmen recently at least three persons saw it.

First to visit the strange object was Jim Chapman of Nelson. Jim had been on his way home from a ball game at Oak and saw, at about 10:30 p. m. on his way home, just before turning at Oak, it was three miles southwest of Oak. He said, and when he turned east, it turned too. Then went north in front of him and then followed him was along the road.

An attempt was made by the writer to contact Chapman relative to his experience, but would not correspond since he did not have a phone at the time. The witnesses were likewise unable to add any additional details to the printed newspaper version of their experience related above, but did remark that they felt the strange light moved have been a reflection but didn't know what from and were badly frightened by the weirdness of the experience.


- page 5 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location: North Pacific (Hawaii)
Date: 11 July 1959     Hour (Z): 1302Z
WX: Clear

Description: A bright, white light moving constantly at a high rate of speed. Appeared to be a very bright center light with four smaller lights. Observation lasted approximately 10 seconds. Object appeared SW and disappeared south.

Direction of Motion: South

Satellites: (AFCIN-4F3, Phone 69219)

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.):

Radar Analysis (AFCIN-4E1):

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.):

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.:

The 11 July 1959 Pacific Ocean sightings resulted from a meteor. All aircraft saw the meteor at the same time and the direction was also constant.

Evaluation of Source Reliability:

Analysis and Conclusions: Even though the aircraft involved in this sighting were spread out over an area of approximately 800 miles, all indicated that the object was in the same general direction from their individual positions. This point substantiates the fact that the object was at a very great distance from the witnesses. The description of this object is that characteristic of meteors of the fireball class. These meteors may have a magnitude of greater than -4 (brighter than Venus). While meteors of this type are not on every day occurrence, the experience of seeing one is not at all uncommon. However, ones first experience with meteors of this type is bound to be startling and lasting. (over)


- page 6 -

July 29, 1959

Department of Defense
Washington
D. C.

Gentlemen:

I am inquiring about an object that my husband, and several other people in this part of the country, have seen on the order of 6-7 times. The very first noticed at 4 he can as an object which was really just a white light which flashed red, and it was about 2 mile high & a mile in distance from him. He saw this about 5 weeks ago, and had a long ago, a family here in Nelson, Nebraska saw it outside their home. It has no definite form, and makes no noise, but is merely a light, and follows people.

It frightened my husband so that he will not go out at night. I would like: you could to me any information that would lead to a probable explanation. Anything that would put my husband's mind at ease.

I know this is a bother, and if there is any charge, please send me a bill. Our town, Nelson is in the South-central part of Nebraska.

Thanking you for your time and trouble, I remain,
[Signature redacted]
Nelson, Nebraska

P.S. There is a stamped addressed envelope enclosed for your convenience.


- page 7 -

SAFI a/Major Tucker/mhb/72291

5 August 1959

Dear Mrs.

This is to acknowledge your letter of 29 July concerning an Unidentified Flying Object your husband recently saw near Nelson, Nebraska.

Your letter contained insufficient data to allow a valid conclusion. Therefore request you complete the inclosed Air Force questionnaire in regard to this sighting and forward the completed paper to the Air Force Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, for analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Chief, Magazine & Book Branch
Office of Information Services

Inclosure

Mrs.
Nelson, Nebraska

Comeback IS-3d
Reader IS-1


- page 8 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusion, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
11 January 1959
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 11:20
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Waco near      Oebb     71166
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours    10    Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain    c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight    e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right    f. Don't remember

ATC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 49)

See 20 July rept, correspondence (page 16)


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlights?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?   b. Several blocks away?   c. A block away?   d. Several yards away?   e. Other:

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other: [blank]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: Did not have any sound.
    b. Color: Red changing to white.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
[Blank line]

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other: ____________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or object's disappear from view? [Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text that appears to read: "Made of some sort of light that seems brighter and then dense"]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text appears to read: "Driving along the road, noticed it in the sky"]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 60 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One):
Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One):
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One):
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon 30 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 13 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 14 -

