The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a project 10073 record card from the Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

1. DATE: 23 AUG 59
2. LOCATION: 17 MI NW OF MARYSVILLE, OHIO
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2110
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 2 Ground Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0 No.
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: n/a
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: n/a
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Glass plate fell in the sky & landed on side of house. Glass circular with four ground lines. Two cone shaped structure pointing to a pointed star. The edges of the glass appeared charred and indistinct on the surface.
11. COMMENTS: This obj was identified as coming from a model balloon. The round glass circular with four ground lines was a model. The cone shaped structure pointing to a pointed star was the glass was installed in the window frame. This common way of installing this type of glass was w/lead.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Probable Balloon

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed document from the Director of Intelligence of the 376th Bombardment Wing Medium, United States Air Force, Lockbourne Air Force Base, Ohio, dated August 27, 1959. The document is regarding the identification of a falling object.

OCR text output:

DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE  
376TH BOMBARDMENT WING MEDIUM  
United States Air Force  
Lockbourne Air Force Base, Ohio

REPLY TO  
ATTN OF: 376-GCl  
SUBJECT: Identification of Falling Object  
TO: ATIC (Major -----)

1. The enclosed glass object fell from the sky, at approximately 1300 hours on Sunday, 23 August 1959, and was discovered in a field near the residence of Mr. James Seabrook, near the village of Marysville, Union County, Ohio. This glass plate fell through the roof of a house and landed at the feet of Mr. James Seabrook, who was in the glass plate over to the Intelligence Division, 376th Bombardment Wing, at Lockbourne AFB, Ohio on Tuesday, 25 August.

2. Visual conditions were reportedly good at the time and no aircraft were visible or heard at the time the object landed nor were any aircraft heard immediately prior to the time the object fell.

3. Investigation by the Intelligence Division of this headquarters reveals the following information:

a. Size: 53 x 107 mm.  
b. Gage: Standard plate glass.  
c. Color: Red tinted on both sides.  
d. Surface: Smooth, with four ground lines intersecting at the center of the glass forming a slight rounded star.  
e. Condition: Good, except broken into three parts which match together perfectly except for one missing silver of glass. The edges appear carbonized as if this glass was subjected to extreme heat.

4. The Journal Tribune, in Marysville, Ohio published a picture of this object on Monday, 24 August. This article prominently listed the date of the incident as 23 August. No publicity release or information concerning this incident has been requested or released by this station.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

5. Examination of this glass by T/Sgt Charles E. Robinson, 376th armament and electronics squadron, reveals the following information:

"This item appears to be a water house stop that could be used in conjunction with the G-2 radar recording Camera or the C-22 radar recording camera. These types of mounts are not used with this type of equipment, therefore the amount of glass passing through and exposing the film to be varied. This would be extremely wasteful of film in high altitude, high speed aircraft if used for taking photographs in conjunction with a bombing system."

6. The carbonization of the glass and apparent melting of the glass may have been caused by air friction as would be generated by extremely high speed aircraft or by a free fall from extreme altitudes.

7. Personnel at North American air Division informed us that they had no photos of this type of aircraft in the area at that time. Aircraft of this type were equipped with this type of equipment.

8. Colonel Vidunak (telephone 52204), when contacted at Wright Patterson AFB, advised that the glass be forwarded for further examination.

9. It is requested that a copy of the results of your determination as to the source of this falling object be forwarded to this station in order that a letter of appreciation may be forwarded to the finder.

In formation for a follow-up story and at the same time a desire to publish the results of this examination is to be followed in the event further objects should be found or have already been found but not reported.

- page 3 -

The image contains a photograph of an object described as a "Satellite or saucer souvenir?". The photograph shows a seven-point star etched on what appears to be a piece of glass or a transparent material. The text below the photograph provides details about the object, stating that it was found by Arnold Wiley, who was coming around his house when he saw the object and turned the glass over to the county CD head, who said he would send it to Columbus.

Satellite or saucer souvenir? State Civil Defense headquarters claimedbeat-marred glass, etched with a seven-point star was a kind from the Blue Saturday for Arnold Wiley, Richwood St., Wiley was coming around the house when he saw the the find' ground it. He said there something unusual. He turned the glass over to R. W. Gordon, county CD head, who said he would send it to Columbus.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be the front page of an old print publication, likely a newsletter or magazine, with the title "PHONE 22015" and the text "It is for the Good of Marysville and Union County WERE FOR IT" at the top, and the volume and issue number "Vol. 17, No. 123." at the bottom.

PHONE 22015  
It is for the Good of Marysville and Union County  
WERE FOR IT

Vol. 17, No. 123.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be the front page of a newspaper called "The Journal-Tribune" from Marysville, Ohio, dated Monday, August 24, 1959.

The Journal-Tribune
MARYSVILLE, OHIO - MONDAY, AUGUST 24, 1959

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten note that states "This case contains 1 4 1/2"x2 1/2" glass slide."

- page 7 -

