PROJECT 1007 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
3 Jan 59

2. LOCATION
Dodge City, Kansas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Lee
Qty 04/0245z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Visual ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐Yes
☒No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
East

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Saucer shaped obj, size of baseball, appeared to circle over Dodge City, emitting giant sparks.

11. COMMENTS
Several inconsistencies between original letter and Form 164 later submitted. Probably A/C.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐Was Balloon
☐Probably Balloon
☐Possibly Balloon
☒Was Aircraft
☐Probably Aircraft
☐Possibly Aircraft
☐Was Astronomical
☐Probably Astronomical
☐Possibly Astronomical
☐Other:
☐Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐Unknown


- page 1 -

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 2 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: Feb. 2nd, 1959

We noticed a bright rapidly moving object through windshield of car. We immediately stopped the car, and got out. We noticed the object traveling in a SSW direction. The object appeared to be moving in level flight. Upon leaving the car, the object appeared to emit sparks in a circular manner, compared to a pinwheel. The object increased and decreased in brightness in the following manner:

[A hand-drawn graph showing intensity varying over 6 or 7 cycles observed]

The object appeared to circle in the southeastern part of the sky. Object then moved away in an easterly direction. About 40-60 dogs could be heard barking in Dodge City as though annoyed. (Perhaps object gave off short wave length energy radiation.)


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   MORE THAN 600 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [No distance filled in]

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] MANHATTAN   KANSAS   Zone [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
What is your present job?   H.E. - MATH SR. (STUDENT)
Age   26   Sex   MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College   B.S. I.E. - MATH
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   2   FEB   1959


- page 4 -

Jan 5th, 1959
Manhattan, Kansas

Dear Sir,

I will report to satisfy my engineering curiosity what I saw, about 3 miles out of Dodge City Kansas, my friend [redacted] Kansas State College as well as my brother [redacted] Manhattan, KS. and myself, observed a flying object from an approximate elevation of the Kansas Plains.

At 8:45 (Kansas time) on Jan. 3rd 1959 (evening) we noticed the object which flew overhead, appeared to rotate and emitted giant sparks in a circular manner. It moved due west at a speed which we could not estimate because we could not estimate the height. The object neared to circle Dodge City (also estimation due to lack of height) about 3 times in a leisurely pattern and finally, this appeared due south. After about 14-2 minutes, a complete blackout of the craft occurred for about 4 seconds after which it shone very brightly again. This blackout seemed not to be optical registry. The night was very clear, stars could be seen clearly and sound carried very far.

The craft itself was soundless. The whole observation lasted about 14 minutes, after which the craft dis-appeared with over the horizon.

Studying engineering I would like to know if your office has a reasonable explanation for this lightly different flying craft. There was hardly any sound it did not appear to be a plain, heavy craft. The light reflected from the craft, I am copying the information given to you is too meager to answer me.

Respectfully,
[signature redacted]


- page 5 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Insofar as aware as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
10   JAN.   1959

2. Time of day: 20.00   45
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
DODGE CITY R.R.2    DODGE CITY    KANSAS
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

Additional remarks: 1/2 MILE N.W. OF DODGE CITY

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:   5.00   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
     a. Certain
     b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
              b. Dull daylight     e. No trace of daylight
              c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
              b. In back of you    e. Overhead
              c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 6 -

3 JAN 59

28 January 1959

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is to acknowledge your letter of 5 January 1959 concerning your unidentified flying object sighting on 3 January 1959.

The information contained in your letter is insufficient to allow a valid conclusion.

Therefore, I am enclosing our U. S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet to be filled out and forwarded direct to Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio. They will notify you of the conclusion.

Sincerely,

Incl:

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

[Redacted address]
Manhattan, Kansas


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter then the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear? (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other: [illegible text]


- page 8 -

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound     NONE   WHAT SO EVER ( VERY STILL NIGHT )
    b. Color     BRIGHT YELLOW ( COLOR OF STARS )

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with annotations: "BRIGHT BAND", "DARK BAND", "SSW", "SPARKS"]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One)   a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Like a bright star
                   c. Sharply outlined
                   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Bottom of page is blank]

Page 3


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[A hand-drawn diagram showing a curved path with "A" at the start and "B" at the end, with an arrow pointing to "NORTH"]

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
CAN NOT GUESS, BECAUSE OF UNKNOWN ALTITUDE

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand
(Circle One):

a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Grapefruit
i. Basketball
j. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?    PASSED OVER HORIZON

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

DISC SHAPED OBJECT, MADE FROM TITANIUM OR OTHER HEAT RESISTANT METAL, UNABLE TO GUESS AS TO SIZE BECAUSE ALTITUDE WAS UNKNOWN. SIMILAR TO BALLOON BUT MOVING MUCH TOO FAST FOR BALLOON.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car BOTH
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
DRIVING TO DODGE CITY IN CAR, NOTICED FIRST THROUGH WINDSHIELD.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 20-30 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 220 degrees.
b. From horizon 90 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 90 degrees.
b. From horizon 5-12 degrees.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
    a. Clear
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds
    e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
    a. No wind
    b. Slight breeze
    c. Strong wind
    d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
    a. Dry
    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Snow
    e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
    a. Cold
    b. Cool
    c. Warm
    d. Hot
    e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
6       JAN         1959
Day     Month       Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list names and addresses: MANHATTAN, KANSAS, MANHATTAN, KANSAS.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
NO SENSIBLE GUESS
RULED OUT: AIRPLANE, HELICOPTER, BALLOON, BECAUSE OBJECT MOVED TOO FAST


- page 12 -

