PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
12 Oct 59

2. LOCATION
Washington, Georgia (Sharon & Crawfordville, Ga.)

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1300 GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Physical Specimen

6. SOURCE
Military & Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
N/A

9. COURSE
N/A

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Gossamer type substance, like spider webs, continued to fall in the sky for approximately 2 hrs. Some witnesses described it as web-like strings w/red pea sized objs, like spiders, at the ends.

11. COMMENTS
The material was analyzed and found to contain elements used in cloud seeding operations.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Cloud Seeding
Insufficient Data for Evaluation


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some words are partially illegible or obscured, so I will transcribe as accurately as possible]

[First paragraph begins with some illegible words]
...looking below to the west most of the land was an after glow of sunset. I was able to tell the color was an after glow of sunset. My wife and I were always at the corner of walnut and... [rest of paragraph partially illegible]

[Subsequent text becomes more clear]
...I saw it was very distinctive and I had the feeling it was not a plane because your problem was... [some words blacked out]

In fact, even with a web between the fissures. Until my wife would walk between our hickory and over the following... [text continues]

After this, we were waiting for the people from town. After some time, we watched a shiny object of a ball, first round and in diameter. It was about 5 inches in diameter. They did not look like what the core to earth... [text partially obscured]

That it was falling we saw the view from two sides, spent in the south. After a while, they were lower on the horizon. At the next sighting rather near a plane trees and with it just on the side of them it was... [text partially obscured]

[Bottom of document shows:]
Occupation: [blacked out]
14135
Location: High School


- page 2 -

QT appeared 3:39 m on 12 Oct 57 while
I was driving with a 986 Agent 10 mile N.E. on
77 Helen Washington. QT saw what appeared
to be a bunch of spider webs or extra candy yo in the
QT also appeared to be small if like over drifting around
QT landed the I was about a 100 yds from the
ground when I observed it. The time Chief had
my speed slowed & he could tell you more
about it. I watched it for quite sometime.

Wilcox, H.
AGL 65 yrs       Oct 12-1959


- page 3 -

12 OCT 59

AT ABOUT 1:30 PM I WAS STANDING TAKING HARP, CONTROL S.T. GA, WHEN I LOOKED UP IN THE SKY TOWARD THE SO-TO, BUT WAS OFF THE SUN WHEN I SAW WHAT APPEARED TO BE A SPIDER WAS FLOATING DOWN OUT OF THE SKY. THE WERE WERE ABOUT 1,000 FT ON MORE FROM ME. AT ABOUT A 45° ANGLE. OCCASIONALLY, I WOULD SEE SOME SOLID OBJECTS, WHICH WERE ONE SAME THING WHILE WERE ABOUT 2" IN DIAMETER.

I ALSO NOTICED SOME A CONSIDERABLE AMOUNT OF THESE WERE ON THE GROUND ON MY YARD. I WATCHED THESE OBJECTS FOR ABOUT 20 MINUTES AND THEN STARTED TO WRITE.

FIRE DEPT


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

"I've heard more I shot of at it

it was coming down & earth in

shell like sphere wide or angle

here that you describe some here with.

It was very shiny + glittery. The

nearer the light got + the earth it

appeared + disappeared. Some of the

time I was quite + it appeared to

while I was watching this object + some

of time fell on me + on my fence + on

my ground."

Note: The text appears to be handwritten and some words may be slightly difficult to interpret with absolute certainty.


- page 5 -

State of Georgia
Department of Public Safety
P.O. BOX [illegible]
GEORGIA

OCTOBER 13, 1959.

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

On the afternoon of October 12, 1959, I was at my residence on [redacted] in [redacted], Georgia.

At approximately 3 o'clock in the afternoon of this date, I began mowing my lawn in the rear of my house using a motor driven rotary type mower.

At approximately 3 o'clock, I came to a section near a shade tree and I noticed two white streaks, or more correctly, gray streaks extending from an East to West direction, approximately eight inches wide and extending for a length of perhaps ten feet each. The color of this streak was not a bright nor a dull gray, but of a medium texture. I noticed no light reflection from it.

My initial impression was that some type of mold or fungus was present on the grass. The entire length of each blades was covered with this matter. I noticed no silken strands or similar matter. It was also covered with this material, and the appearance of this stuff was as if someone with a air pressure spray type paint gun had sprayed the grass.

After looking at it for a few moments, I decided that it was a mold and moved across it. As the mower went over it, a grey dust rose into the air approximately twenty inches high and as thick back to the earth rapidly.

After mowing the entire section, I noticed that the coloring remained about the same.

After mowing the yard, I left my residence and drove up town where I learned that someone had reported an unusual occurrence at a point approximately 10 miles west of [redacted], Highway 17. Accompanied by a friend, I drove out and looked at what appeared to be a spider web formation, and it was while there that I intended that I had something unusual in my back yard.

Returning home at sundown, my wife and I went to the spot in the yard and I pointed out where the streak of coloring had been, since the original covering had completely disappeared. At the end of one of the original lines, the coloring was still distinguishable by the grass being still darker than the surrounding grass.

My wife stated that when she left for work at approximately 7:15, she noticed the same streaks. Five teen age girls came to see this streak and when she noticed the same small amount of gray remaining at the end of her finger, she pointed out the small amount of gray remaining through it and on her finger was a smutty like substance.

Drive Carefully - The Life You Save May Be Your Own


- page 6 -

State of Georgia
Department of Public Safety
P. O. BOX
WASHINGTON, GEORGIA

OCTOBER 13, 1959.

Since last evening, I have not been back in the area where this occurrence, and I have not checked the area for any other signs that might relate to this occurrence.

GEORGIA STATE PATROL
WASHINGTON, GEORGIA.

Drive Carefully - The Life You Save May Be Your Own


- page 7 -

HEADQUARTERS
2853D AIR BASE WING
Robins Air Force Base, Georgia

TO: ATIC
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

SUBJECT: Unidentified Material (Final Report)    27 October 1959

1. Attached Laboratory Report is final report on substance found at location of Sharon, Georgia on 12 October 1959. We believe this matter to have been satisfactorily resolved; that subject materials, in fact, natural phenomenon from cloud seeding efforts.

2. No further investigation is deemed warranted and case is considered closed.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
ROBERT T. RUST
Major, USAF
Base Provost Marshal

1 Atch
Laboratory Report


- page 8 -

WARNER ROBINS AIR MATERIEL AREA
QUALITY CONTROL DIVISION
QUALITY ANALYSIS BRANCH
CHEMICAL & MATERIALS LABORATORIES

TO: BB                                                                  DATE: 19 Oct 59
DESCRIPTION: Material Residue Allegedly Seen                            PROJECT NO: C-735
            Falling From Air in Vicinity of
            Georgia

PURPOSE:
To identify microresidues that may be found on ground and equipment surfaces in
cited area.

FACTUAL DATA:

a cobweb-like material was claimed to have been seen in the air by several people
at a home between Sparrow, Georgia, and shortly after noon on
12 Oct 59. A complete report on these sightings will be found elsewhere.

Samples were taken from various locations in the area in which the material was
supposed to have fallen, and are as follows:

Sample # 1 - dust from a table top located outside the house. This table top
was only partially exposed during the time of the sightings.

Sample # 2 - small pieces of weathered insulation taken from exterior electrical
wiring behind the house. It was claimed that these wires were covered very heavily with
the web during and shortly after the sightings, but that the web gradually disappeared.

Sample # 3 - water from the bottom of an inverted galvanized iron wash tub.
This water supposedly had been there during the sightings.

Sample # 4 - grass cuttings taken from the bottom of a lawn mower. This
lawn mower was new and had been used one time only in a yard of a house belonging
to a member of the Georgia Highway Patrol, located in Sparrow, Georgia. It
had been used so now over an area discolored by a gray-white powdery substance. (See
statement.)

Sample # 5 - taken from the top surface of yard across the
above-mentioned discolored area. This sample included soil, grass, rocks, and tree
leaves.


- page 9 -

PROCEDURE:
Spectrographic analysis of all samples, or of aqueous or acid extractions of the samples.

Wet chemical analysis of samples for non-metal elements.

RESULTS:
Sample # 1 - No foreign elements.
Sample # 2 - Slight amount of Silver present.
Sample # 3 - Very slight amount of silver present.
Sample # 4 - High amount of silver present.
Sample # 5 - Slight amount of silver present.

All samples contained elements normally expected to be in the particular type sample. The above results show only the elements which could be considered as foreign to the samples. Wet chemical analysis showed a relatively high concentration of mixed halides, but chlorine was the only one in sufficient quantity to be relatively identified.

SUMMARY:
The presence of silver even in small concentrations from such unlikely places as the samples were taken is very significant, and strongly indicates that a silver compound has been widely used. Silver iodide was used in cloud seeding, and other silver halides have been used. Research in this field is constantly being carried on, and it is understood that the University of Georgia in Athens has been engaged in a research project of this type. It has since been learned that the Lockheed Company in Marietta possibly is also engaged in a similar program.

Literature on the subject uses the term "smoke" as coming from silver iodide generators. The 1959 Encyclopedia Americana annual states that "plumes of this material (silver iodide) were successfully tracked in mountainous country in to 25 miles downwind". These terms seem to be descriptive of that which was seen.

It is a good possibility that cloud seeding with a silver salt could have caused the phenomenon.

Reported By: [Signature]
ROBERT F. BOYD
Chemist

Approved By: [Signature]
WILLIAM M. SHEPPARD, Chief
Chemical & Materials Laboratories
MAC - Ext 6528


- page 10 -

Memo to Colonel Shoop

SUBJECT: Flash Report on UFO, Sharon, Georgia                                22 October 1959

The following information is reported to you because of the fact it has received some public attention and broadcast over TV at station WAGA of Georgia. As such, the General or his staff may be contacted in regard to this matter end, of course, inquiries will be made to you.

At 1300 hours, 14 Oct 59, a gossamer silk-like substance continued to fall from the sky over Sharon, Ga. for almost 2 hours. According to UFO regulations, this material was investigated by the Provost Marshal's Office, Robbins AFB, Ga. under the personal direction of Maj. Rust.

In a telephone conversation between Maj. Friend and Maj. Rust regarding the best approach to this problem, it was explained to Maj. Rust that incidents of this type (called angels) have been reported numerous times during the last ten years. Maj. Rust was advised to collect samples of this substance.

Accordingly, a portion of the Georgia State Police was able to gather a small portion of this substance which, through 2 investigators designated by Maj. Rust, was submitted to the chemicals and materials laboratory, Robbins AFB for analysis.

The report made by the supervisory chemists of this laboratory, based on a cursory analysis, substantially is as follows: The material is effectively a silver haired a halogen type compound which may be a form of industrial waste. A more detailed chemical examination will be required to establish the exact composition.

Colonel Shoop: This is somewhat similar to cases where industrial substances have been spewed into the air and carried for great distances, such as, cellulose, cotton lint, and other gaseous wastes.

Maj. Friend plotted the wind direction, which was generally W to E, and found the industrial town of Atlanta (70 miles) and Augusta (approximately 30 miles) were almost due west of Sharon, Ga., the scene of this UFO case.

Capt. George T. Gregory

cc: Maj. Friend


- page 11 -

HEADQUARTERS
2853D AIR BASE WING
Robins Air Force Base, Georgia

WRBB

SUBJECT: Unidentified Material                                   15 October 1959

TO: ATIC
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. At approximately 1300 hours 12 October 1959, Announcer, Radio Station, Georgia, reported by telephone to Mr. C. L. Parkerson, Deputy Base Provost Marshal, Robins AF Base, that unidentified objects were falling from the sky in and around the City of Washington, Georgia.

2. MSgt James L. Hopkins and TSgt Frank Miguel, Air Police Supervisors, Base Provost Marshal Division, RAFB, were assigned to conduct a preliminary investigation of this incident. Sgt's Hopkins and Miguel arrived on the scene at 1720 hours 12 October 1959. At this time the weather was clear and no clouds were observed.

Further, no objects were observed falling from the sky by Sgt's and. The following personnel were interviewed:

a. Radio, Ga; age, 34; education, college. (Attachment Nr. 1)

b. Crawfordville, Ga; age, 35; education, high school. (Attachment Nr. 2)

c. Wilkes County; age, 65. (Attachment Nr. 3)


- page 12 -

This image appears to be a detailed road map of a region, primarily showing North and South Carolina. The map includes numerous towns, cities, and road networks. Some notable cities clearly visible include:

- Charlotte
- Columbia
- Gastonia
- Kannapolis

The map is divided into sections marked with numbers 6, 7, and 8 at the top. There are also lists of text on the top of the page, but they are too small and blurry to read clearly. The map shows a dense network of roads connecting various towns and counties, with many place names labeled throughout the region.


- page 13 -

This image appears to be an AMOCO road map of Georgia. The map shows numerous roads, highways, and cities across the state, with Savannah and Jacksonville (in Florida) clearly labeled. At the bottom right of the map is a list of "Principal Radio Stations" with call letters and frequencies. The AMOCO logo is located in the bottom center of the map. The map is in black and white and appears to be from an older document, likely from the 1950s based on the context provided.


- page 14 -

This image appears to be a detailed road map of Georgia, showing numerous highways, roads, and intersections across the state. The map is black and white and contains many labeled roads and route numbers. There are grid lines marked with numbers 1-7 on the sides of the map. The map is densely packed with road information, showing a complex network of transportation routes throughout the state.


- page 15 -

This image appears to be a detailed road map of Georgia, showing numerous highways, roads, and intersections across the state. The map is in black and white and contains many small text labels for towns, counties, and road numbers. The roads are represented by black lines of varying thickness, creating a complex network across the entire state. At the bottom of the map, there are some coordinate or reference markers.

Due to the density of the map and the image resolution, most of the specific text labels are too small to read clearly without zooming in or enhancing the image.


- page 16 -

This image appears to be a detailed road map of Georgia. The map is densely populated with numerous roads, highways, and what seem to be county or municipal boundaries. The map is in black and white and shows a complex network of transportation routes across the state. While many place names are visible, the image is quite dense and the text is small, making it difficult to clearly read all individual location names. The word "Farmhouse" is visible in the lower right quadrant of the map, and "Chattanooga" can be seen near the top left of the image.


- page 17 -

The text on the left side of the page appears to be a list or directory, but it is too small and blurry to read clearly. The majority of the page consists of two maps of what appears to be a region in the United States, showing roads, county lines, and other geographical features. The maps are black and white and cover most of the page, with some areas being slightly illegible due to the image quality.

The bottom right of the page shows another portion of a map or chart, but the details are difficult to discern due to the image's low resolution and contrast.


- page 18 -

The image contains several maps and index sections:

Top of the page contains state indices for Georgia and South Carolina, with numerous rows of text that appear to be location or reference data.

The main body of the page contains three maps:
1. Left map shows Atlanta, GA and vicinity
2. Center map shows Great Smoky Mountains National Park
3. Right map shows a broader regional map including Knoxville and surrounding areas

The maps are black and white, showing roads, cities, and geographical boundaries. The maps appear to be from a reference document, possibly related to a UFO report given the context of the filename.

The text on the maps is mostly location names and road/highway markings, but due to the image resolution, many specific details are difficult to read clearly.


- page 19 -

This image contains a map of the Norfolk-Portsmouth area in Virginia. The map is divided into three sections:

Top left (Section 13): A detailed map of a city area with numerous streets and roads.

Top right (Section 14): A map of Norfolk-Portsmouth, VA, showing various roads and geographical features.

Bottom (Section 15): A larger, more comprehensive map of the surrounding region, showing multiple cities, towns, and road networks. The map includes areas around Norfolk, Portsmouth, Hampton, and other nearby locations.

The map has a AMOCO (American Oil Company) logo in the bottom right corner, and is organized with vertical sections labeled A through E on the right side of the page.

The map appears to be a detailed road map from an atlas or travel guide, showing the transportation infrastructure of the Norfolk-Portsmouth area in Virginia.


- page 20 -

The image contains a road map of the Norfolk-Portsmouth area in Virginia. The map is divided into three sections:

Top left (Section 13): A detailed street map of a city area
Top right (Section 14): A map of Norfolk-Portsmouth and surrounding areas
Bottom (Section 15): A larger regional map showing Hampton, Norfolk, Portsmouth, and surrounding regions

The map is from an Amoco road map, with the Amoco logo visible. The map shows numerous roads, highways, and city boundaries. The map is in black and white and appears to be from an older era, likely the 1950s based on the filename.

The map is marked with grid sections labeled A through E on the right side margin.


- page 21 -

This image contains several maps and a large table:

Top section: A large table with numerous numerical entries and a map of the southeastern United States coastline.

Bottom section: City maps of:
- Augusta, GA
- Columbus, GA
- Savannah, GA
- Winston-Salem, N.C.

Each city map shows street layouts and road networks.

At the bottom of the page are some partial logos and text, including a "Permalube" logo and what appears to be part of a Standard Oil Company logo.

The page appears to be from a geographic reference or mapping document, possibly related to transportation or infrastructure.


- page 22 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

d. Washington, Ga; age, 58. (Attachment Nr. 4)

e. Sharon, Ga. (Attachment Nr. 5)

f. Georgia State Patrol, Post Nr. 17; Washington, Ga. (Attachment Nr. 6)

3. A review of the statements made by the above listed personnel revealed the following:

a. The objects sighted were described at two (2) different elevations. At about 2,000 feet, and when directly in line with the sun, the objects were described as artificial snow or angel hair; at tree-top level, the objects were described as threads 10' to 50' long connected at 3/4". The color of these threads was reported to be the same color as a spider web. The observers stated that many thousands of these thread-like objects were seen floating in the air and falling to the ground. Approximately ten (10) of the "threads" were reported to have a small pea size red object, resembling a spider, at one end. When hitting the ground or becoming lodged on tree limbs or wires, the threads would remain visible for a few minutes and then disappear.

b. The objects were observed at the following locations and times:

(1) Three and a half (3 1/2) miles north of Sharon, Georgia at the farm house of Mr. located on Highway Nr. 47. The objects were first noticed at about 1145 hours 12 October 1959 by a woman, identified only as, when she looked directly into the sun, A resident of subject farm house, who was called from the

2


- page 23 -

This image appears to be a map page with several components:

1. A large map of the southeastern United States coastline on the top left
2. A large numerical table on the top right
3. Four city maps in the lower half of the page:
   - Augusta, GA
   - Columbus, GA
   - Savannah, GA
   - Winston-Salem, N.CAR.

4. At the bottom of the page are some advertisements or business logos, including what appears to be an American Oil Company logo and a UNICO logo.

The text is mostly illegible due to the image quality, but the city and state names are clearly visible on the city maps and the main map.


- page 24 -

This image is a road map of Georgia, North and South Carolina. The map shows numerous roads, highways, and city locations across the region. Key elements include:

Text on the map:
- "AMOCO" logo
- "ROAD MAP OF GEORGIA NORTH & SOUTH"
- Legend explaining road types (Free Limited Access Expressway, Limited Access Expressway, etc.)
- Various city and county names across the map
- Coastal regions labeled "Atlantic Ocean"

The map includes:
- Detailed road network
- City locations
- County boundaries
- A small inset map showing North and South Carolina
- Road classification legend
- AMOCO branding

The bottom half of the page contains a partial repeat of the AMOCO logo and some additional text, but the image is cut off.


- page 25 -

This image contains a detailed road map of North Carolina and parts of surrounding states. At the top of the image are three inset city maps for Charleston (S.C.), Charlotte (N.C.), and Columbia (S.C.). The main map shows numerous roads, highways, and cities across North Carolina, with notable cities including:

- Winston-Salem
- High Point
- Greensboro
- Burlington
- Durham
- Raleigh
- Fayetteville
- Danville (appears to be near the state border)

The map is black and white and shows an intricate network of roads connecting various towns and cities across the region. The inset city maps provide more detailed street layouts for the three mentioned cities.


- page 26 -

This image appears to be an Amoco road map of Virginia and parts of North Carolina. The map includes:

Top left: A detailed map of Raleigh, North Carolina
Top right: A map of Norfolk-Portsmouth, Virginia
Bottom: A large, comprehensive map of the region showing numerous roads, cities, and geographical features

The map shows cities like Hampton, Norfolk, Portsmouth, Rocky Mount, and many others. It includes a detailed network of roads and highways, and appears to be from the mid-20th century based on its style and design. There's an Amoco logo in the bottom right corner of the map.

The map also includes a legend or scale at the bottom right, though the details are too small to read clearly in this image.


- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

house by, in substance gave the following account of what she first observed: "I saw an object traveling at not too fast a rate of speed from southeast to west. There was a stream of illusive substance traveling behind which seemed as large as the vapor from a jet plane. It (the object) was as a large as a football and either brown or black in color and at no time veered (veered) from the course."

(2) The residence of, Washington, Georgia. Objects were observed at about 1400 hours 12 October 1959.

(3) Eighteen (18) miles northeast of Washington, Georgia on Highway 79. Objects were noticed at about 1500 hours 12 October 1959.

c. Georgia State Patrol, stated that at about 1500 hours 12 October 1959, while mowing his lawn in the rear of his residence located on Grove Street in Washington, Georgia, he observed on the grass of his lawn two (2) white or gray streaks, approximately 8 inches wide and ten (10) feet long, extending from east to west.

He did not know how these streaks got on his lawn. Sgt Harnerick stated that he observed the streaks for a few moments, decided that they were a fungus or mold, and moved across them. As the lawn mower went over the streaks, a gray dust rose into the air about twenty (20) inches high and settled back to the earth rapidly. Samples of the dirt in Sgt Harnerick's yard, and grass from his lawn mower, were taken for chemical analysis by Mr. Robert Boyd, Chemist, Material Division, RAFB.

On 14 October 1959, Mr. William Shepard, Supervisor Chemist, RAFS, reported that the samples obtained from Sgt. Sgt. yard contained silver halides micro residue. A complete analyses of the samples has not been completed as of the date of this report.

3


- page 28 -

d. The weather conditions in and around Washington, Georgia were as follows: visibility 12 miles; 1/10 cloud cover; winds from the east at 5 knots; 080 degrees. The wind direction and velocity at 5,000 feet was 330 degrees, 10 knots. The temperature gradient was minus 2° C/1,000 feet.

4. Contacts were made to check on possible sightings and/or contamination of the air by objects in and around Washington, Georgia with RAFB Weather Personnel and Georgia State Health Department Laboratory, Macon, Georgia. Negative results were obtained.

5. The following activities were consulted:
Det 13, 4th Weather Gp - Major Wilson
6th District OSI - Lt Colonel Bitcon
Base Operations - Major Porter
Chemical and Materials Laboratories - William Sheppard
Det 11, 12 RBS - Captain James H. Mclnnis

6. Upon receipt of final chemical analyses and any conclusions to be drawn therefrom, a final report will be submitted.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

ROBERT T. RUST
Major, USAF
Base Provost Marshal

7 Atch
1. Stmt of
2. Stmt of
3. Stmt of
4. Stmt of
5. Stmt of
6. Stmt of
7. Map of Washington, Ga Area

4


- page 29 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page #1

Born
Candidate: George Fob 49
College: Nashville, Tenn.
Service: USAF
11153 - 11155

On Monday, Oct. 12, 1959, a phone call was made to our station, at approximately 12:10 PM, from Mrs. that strange object was in the air over his house, and would make calls with. He went into a full description of events leading up to the occurrence of the sighting, and speculations.

and he arrived on the scene at 12:54 PM. What he saw was as follows: Literally thousands of strands of what flying from the S.W. to the N.E. This was cleared from the position of the sun. Car was continued to obtain bearing 7 x 35 (manual) we could see that many of miles were a dispersing of matter from a ball shape. There were floating in the air, and various signs. We obtained many of these drift in each divided into many well-sustained, now of single strings, then of multiple streams with a portion of large material on the end, so if it had not completely dissolved. Can two or three of these strands, we'll spread was closed, or something similarly a spider web. Not all of the web was obtained to speak from spider, but came floating in. Many settled to the


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

ground --- caught on light wire --- not leg or
antenna.

We observed the webs for our two hours & at the
end of this time, they were still coming in with the
same intensity as when first observed. It departed from
the [blacked out] form in order to return to [blacked out] for
its flight. Came to check only activity. The count made
functioned because of dead matter, on our return. At four
o'clock, there was a subtle let up and by 16-15 badly
any was noticed.

Some of the streams seemed to be weighted on each end.
Sly, it fell, --- well, hell, I don't know ---


- page 31 -

Reports of angel hair still come in occasionally to ATIC and, if the explanation is not immediately obvious, are investigated. On the afternoon of October 12, 1959, officials at Robbins Air Force Base, Georgia, received a telephone call stating that unidentified substances were falling from unknown objects in the sky near the town of Washington. Two Air Force investigators arrived in the town before evening to interview the witnesses and examine the material.

The first sighting had occurred shortly before noon, when a farm woman noticed an object in the sky, traveling not particularly fast from southeast to west. A stream of peculiar-looking substance, broad as the vapor trail of a jet plane, was trailing behind and floating toward the earth. The object itself was "as large as a football," brown or black in color, and maintained a perfectly straight, even course. A few hours later in town a few miles northeast, a man mowing his lawn noticed on the grass two whitish-gray streaks about ten feet long and eight inches wide, extending from east to west. Deciding that the peculiar streaks were a fungus or a mold, he moved across them, at once a gray dust rose above twenty inches into the air and then settled back to earth.

The Air Force investigators took samples of the dusty earth and grass for analysis. Chemical tests showed the presence of silver iodide. Finding silver in such an unlikely place posed a problem, but it also pointed the way to a solution. Silver iodide and other silver halides are used in cloud seeding to produce rain; long "plumes" of this material, ejected from planes, have been successfully tracked in mountainous country for distances of thirty-five miles downwind.

A few questions in the right places produced the answer: research teams from the University of Georgia at Athens and from the Lockheed plant at Marietta had been in the air that day, carrying out experiments in cloud seeding. The angel hair was the silver iodide used in the experiment [10].


- page 32 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some words are obscured by black redaction marks, which I will indicate with [...]]

it a possibility 11/5 [...] 12, 1959 [...] day, [...] 
was working in the yard [...] all day) like, [...] 

[...] have, and this "unit". Then [...] in [...] 
fact, to wit, there was a strange or unusual substance 
which was, at times, as I could see, from a 10 [...] on the same 
way was on it [...] see it, from a 10 [...] proved on the same 
spot. I did not [...] 10 [...] be a watcher by color. I did 
not handle anything else. I tried to tell the colored girl that this 
was what it was magnetized. Then she said make into the 
house and [...] with [...] who had seen the same thing, when more 
of these pillowy forms as aerials came again and when we got to the 
sky and this time it was not following a pattern across the 
sky. I was with [...] who had seen it before and had been 
fire towers listed in the meteorological that seemed in one 
or two cases could not be explained. At this point I was a 
was at [...] place. Nothing more could be [...] mile a sta-
tion in [...] I was also else [...] leaving soon and 
to. Then I called I believe I was answered by a [...] person and we 
said that there had no report and [...] served to the yard to-
gether with. This was the [...] 20 to 25 [...] in the yard to-
gether. At times it appeared to be [...] and at times it appeared to 
be a shooting directly [...] sun, 500 or the truth. 
It was [...] in the sky while ob-
serving came southwest. Some of the parts of it that came seemed 
to be a [...] a round part first, and then a part that 
was about 1/2 mile closer, almost in reach of a broom or stick. It 
appeared about the size of a large as the first place I had seen, it 
was a large as a football and a color. Drove as the first time I 
saw it. 
the [...] first time I saw it, it was in the yard before 
a few seconds it stopped or we could see it go down before 
it went back. Then there was back into the yard we could see it 
less a 100 feet away. [...] ville in the yard at the time, who saw 2 to 
3 [...] same time and called number of people to come 
will take [...] someone there. Then all [...] who could come 
and looked up. At [...] time too.

[The text continues but becomes increasingly difficult to read due to redactions and image quality]


- page 33 -

