PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 18 Nov 59
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: GMT 18/8730Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Air-Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10-15 sec
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: South
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: A bright, bluish-white light, first noticed behind clouds. Appeared to get larger & brighter until it disappeared. Shape could not be determined due to brightness.
11. COMMENTS: Probably a meteor. Although time duration is excessive, this could have been misinterpreted.
12. CONCLUSIONS: [Various checkboxes, with "Probably Astronomical" and "Meteor" appearing to be marked]

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52) is noted at the bottom of the document.


- page 1 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [blank]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE: [blank]

DATE: [blank]

[Handwritten notes:]
Supplement to receiving thereof report is called
the following:

Batteries operations 035 - Neg. no file avail
Wright " 035 - " " " "
4903 036 - " " " "
5278 PFM 032 - " " " "
Balloon Release 035 - NO ANSWER
CAA Control Tower 034 - NEGATIVE
FLT TEST DIV. 036 - NO ANSWER

[Partially obscured text at bottom:]
CAPT. ATIC D.C.

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:


- page 2 -

UFO Sighting Started Questionnaire

1. 18 November 1959
2. 0236 a.m.
3. Dayton Time ?
4. Coming [redacted] Drive - South of Eastern Sighting Center, Dayton, Ohio
5. 10 seconds
5.1 a. Center
6. a. Time of daylight
7. N/A
8.1 b. E. Jno
8.2 b. Dull moonlight
9. a. Jno
10. a. a block away
11. a. Jno
    b. Jno
    c. Jno
    d. a not known
    e. Jno
    f. Don't know
12. Jno
13. Jno
14. Jnod
15. a. Jno
    b. Jno
    c. Jno    d. Jno    e. Jno    f. N/A
    g. Jno    h. N/A

Note: Some text is handwritten and some entries are partially obscured or redacted.


- page 3 -

Page 2

16. a. No notable sound
    b. Bright light and seemed to get larger and brighter until it disappeared

17. The person could not describe the exact shape except that it appeared somewhat round and very bright.
    It was appx. to have a clear a trace of light and moved similar to a Comet tail.

18. (Tells a bright color)

19. Our object

20. Time

21. 35 to 40 ft in diameter

22. Increasing from a slim silver to a purposeful white disregard

23. From left to right - (east to southwest)

24. A bright star or Comet or an aircraft on fire.
    Object somewhat round, irregular - not able to give a definite shape as it was so bright.

25. At a curve

26. To the residential section of a city

27. Returning home in the car

28.1 (Faint text, possibly a note or marking)

29. 2.5-30 mph

30. (Faint text, possibly a note or marking)


- page 4 -

Page 3

29. East

30. J. Southwest

31.1 a. 90
    b. 20

31.2 a. 190
    b. 20

32 same as 31

32

34.1 G. scattered clouds

34.2 G. slight wind

34.3 a. Day

34.4 a. Cold

35. 13 November 58. Albuquerque

36. (Yes)
36.1 (Yes)

36.2 [Redacted text]

37. (Yes)

38. Could have been an eye on fire, that's the reason he called

39. [Illegible text]

40. About one mile away


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4.

41.     Div. Dayton 32, Ohio

Took Grindon
Age 29, Sgt Male
5 special training jr. the Tel work
5. Technical school, during the Army were in Okinawa

42. 18 November 1959

He other comments other than - it was moving very
fast and he thought that it may have been an
aircraft or fire. That the reason he called at in

Subsequent to seeing this report & called the
following:

Patterson Ops Station 0315 - negative, no tel in the area
Wright    "        0315 -    "     "   "   "   "
AACS Sign    0320 -    "     "   "   "   "   "
5th Ftr Sqn    0322 -    "     "   "   "   "   "
Balloon Release   0325 - no known
CAA Central Tower 0326 - negative    "   "   "
Flight Test Div    0325 - no answer

Richard E. Shulman, Capt
ATIC Duty Officer


- page 6 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
15    Nov    57
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day:
22    30
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted address]
Nearest Postal Address
City or Town: DAYTON    State or Country: OHIO
Additional remarks: SOUTH OF EASTMAN SHIPPING CENTER

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours    Minutes    10-15    Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain    c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
b. Dull daylight    e. No trace of daylight
c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (15 OCT 52)


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
               b. Several blocks away?
               c. A block away?
               d. Several yards away?
               e. Other:

11. Did the object:                                   (Circle One for each question)   Yes   No   Don't Know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                                                 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?                                       
c. Break up into parts or explode?                                                    
d. Give off smoke?                                                                    
e. Change brightness?                                                                 
f. Change shape?                                                                      
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                                                        

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No

e. Binoculars       Yes   No
f. Telescope        Yes   No
g. Theodolite       Yes   No
h. Other:


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: not audible strong

b. Color: white light one variation from white to light

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A handwritten section appears here, but the text is partially illegible. Some words can be made out, but not the full text.]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? [Filled in with "one"]
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
[Handwritten: 1000 feet]

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
[Handwritten text, partially illegible]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten text, partially illegible]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible, appears to read something like: "Coming from... night... straight ahead... near... building and fields"]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 25-30 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 110 degrees.
b. From horizon 20 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 110 degrees.
b. From horizon 20 degrees.


- page 11 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Partially illegible date entries]
(Call received 00-270)

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) (Yes   No)

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) (Yes   No)

36.2 Please list their names and addresses
[Names and addresses are blacked out]
[Partially legible location: "...test, Ohio"]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) (Yes   No)

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially illegible handwritten response, appears to start with "Could have been..."]


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 1 mile feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Dayton, City Zone 441G State Ohio

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

What is your present job? Tool Grinder
Age 29     Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. c. Technical school TV
(Type) Institute
f. Other special training Part Time
work

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 18   Nov   5-9
[Handwritten notes at bottom of page, partially illegible, appear to describe some details about an observation, with phrases like "very fast" and "similar to that"]


- page 14 -

