RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASIAISHAI-A)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

7-3745-365

1003827


- page 1 -

UFO ADVISORY PANEL MEETING
27 July 1959

I. Members Present - Dr. L. V. Robinson, AFOIN-14EL, Astronomer
Mr. Theodore J. Hiatt, AFOIN-14EL, Public Relations
Mr. V. J. Handmacher, RD2SXD, Physicist
Major Leroy D. Pige, WCLDFPM, Psychologist
Captain R. Fritz, EWG, Chaplain
Major Robert J. Friend, AFOIN-14ELg

II. Introduction. The purpose of this meeting was as follows:
a. Introduce Dr. Hynek, Air Force consultant on the UFO Program, to the panel.

b. Hear an account of Dr. Hynek's meeting with Aime Michel, French author of "Flying Saucers and the Straight Line Mystery".

c. Discuss the trends in the program as derived from the statistics of the six month period 1 January 1959 to 30 June 1959.

d. Discuss the outstanding cases for the month of July 1959.

e. Discuss latest activities of the private UFOites.

III. Discussion:
a. The meeting was opened by Major Friend, who outlined the objectives of the meeting.

b. Dr. Hynek related the events of his visit with Aime Michel, French writer on the subject of UFO's, and author of "Flying Saucers and the Straight Line Mystery". It was pointed out that Michel is an engineer with the French telephone company, is very sharp, very definitely not a crackpot, but is indeed very biased in his attitude toward UFOs. Aime Michel's opinion is that scientific investigation was not the province of the government, but could be done better by private individuals.

In answer to a query as to what should be done, Michel replied that someone who had access to all the data sit down and think about it.

Dr. Hynek also brought out the following facts resulting from his meeting with Michel:

(1) More serious scientists interested in the UFO subject in France than in the United States. This group is, however, small.

(2) Report of disc-shaped objects began in France in 1942.

(3) French general public does not take much interest in UFO's while in the United States it does.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

c. Major Friend pointed out to the panel that the most significant information gained from the six month statistics 1 January 1959 to 30 June 1959, was the fact that the slope of the curve was generally the same as for the same period in 1958, and that the number of cases was approximately 50% of the 1958 total for the period.

d. The outstanding cases for the month which were discussed are as follows:

(1) Airline pilot sighting, area of Hawaii, 11 July 1959. The panel agreed with the conclusion that the object responsible for this sighting was a meteor or the fireball class.

(2) Photograph of an unidentified flying object taken by Mrs. William F. Barrett of Great Barrington, Massachusetts while visiting Norway 24 July 1957. The panel could come to no conclusion on the cause and recommended that the photograph be sent to Eastern Kodak for possible analysis.

e. The publicity being given to the UFO sighted by Captain Killian, American Airlines pilot, his crew and 39 passengers, and other airline pilots on 25 February 1959, was discussed. The panel, while agreeing that the probable cause of the sighting was jet refueling, felt that this case, as do others, indicates incomplete investigation due to the fact that no Air Force representative ever interrogated the principal witnesses. The panel recommended that even after this lapse Captain Killian and his co-pilot be questioned for the record. (See attachment #1)

IV. Suggested Actions:

a. That a qualified individual representing the ATIC be sent to question Captain Killian of American Airlines even at this late date, and a full report be made to the panel at an early date.

b. That in the future the CIG of Project Blue Book be authorized to investigate similar investigations at the earliest moment when, in his judgment, a case warrants such immediate attention.

[Signed]
ROBERT J. FRIEND
Major, USAF
Acting, DIG


- page 3 -

The Aerial Phenomena Advisory Panel, at its regular meeting on 27 July 1959, reviewed in detail current critical cases of reported aerial sightings; in the course of their discussion it became apparent that the current program of UFO investigation remains open to serious potential criticism by the public and can possibly place the ATIC in an inexcusable light in the event of close examination. To wit; it occurs too frequently that inadequate investigations have been made of cases that could become (and in many cases have already become) celebrated cases. In some cases, indeed, the principals in the case were not interrogated because of lack of adequate personnel. A case in point is that of Captain Killian, his crew, and 39 passengers, who on 25 February 1959, witnessed an unexplained sighting of their lights particularly followed their American Airlines plane. The case has already become a well-publicized case and is likely to remain one of the perplexing "unknowns" in the eyes of the public to harass ATIC in the future years. There is some evidence, however, that this sighting may have been the result of a refueling operation.

The panel therefore recommends that even after the lapse of six months, it is urgent that the principals in this case be interrogated by a competent individual or individuals representing ATIC, and that a full report be made to the panel at an early date. It further recommends that Major Friend be authorized to instigate similar investigations at the earliest possible moment when, in his judgment, a case warrants such immediate attention in view with its nuisance or scientific value.

Dr. L. V. Robinson, AFOIN-LD, Astronomer
Mr. Theodore J. Hieatt, AFOIN-WX, Public Relations
Mr. V. J. Handmacher, RDZSXD, Physicist
Major Leroy D. Figg, WCLDPPL, Psychologist
Captain R. Fritz, EWH, Chaplain
Major Robert J. Friend, AFOIN-WPe, Aerial Phenomena
Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Air Force Consultant


- page 4 -

ARCIN-BLUE Weekly Activity Report                                                27 May 1959

SUBJECT:  UFO Program

1.  An UFO Advisory Panel meeting was held in the office of the Aerial Phenomena Group on Monday, 25 May 1959.  Possible approaches which would possibly make an extension of Special Report #14 more meaningful were discussed.  It was concluded that the Aerial Phenomena Group would immediately give consideration to making a time line analysis of particular events to determine their possible effect on the number of UFO reports.  A talk by Frank Edwards on 6 June 1959 at Akron, Ohio was decided to be used as an initial event for this study on UFO's.

(PPI-5771, Maj. R. J. Friend, 69216)

(UNCLASSIFIED)


- page 5 -

UFO ADVISORY PANEL MEETING
25 May 1959

Members - Dr. I. V. Robinson, AFOIN-M, Astronomer
Mr. Theodore J. Hicatt, AFOIN-LX, Public Relations
Mr. W. J. Mandmacher, AFOSR-D, Physicist
Major Leroy D. Pike, WDPRA, Psychologist
Captain R. Fritz, DML, Chaplain
Major Robert J. Friend, AFOIN-L&E

Introduction:
The purpose of this meeting was to determine the type of information which should be used for correlation in bringing Special Report #14 up to date.

All members of the panel were present.

Discussion:
Major Friend opened the meeting with general background information on the program and specifically Special Report #14. He was explained to the panel that the information contained in the report was almost a pure statistical study and that for the most part the information gained was negative in nature. The meeting was then opened to the members as to an approach which would possibly make an extension of this study more meaningful. After discussion, it was decided that further examination of this area would be continued at the next meeting after the members were able to make a more thorough study of the report (Special Report #14). However, the following tentative suggestions were made and discussed by the panel:

Major Pigg - Time line analysis after some major event which could possibly effect the number of UFO sightings. Frank Edwards is to give a presentation on unidentified Flying Objects on 6 June 1959, at Akron, Ohio, and this was selected as our first event. If is consistent log occurs after such an event before there is an increase in the number of UFO reports, it would allow the Air Force to anticipate these surges and possibly take preventive action.

Dr. Robinson - Suggested that predictable astronomical events (i.e. meteor showers) be correlated with UFO sightings. In conjunction with this it was also suggested that the annual weather cycle be correlated, since during periods of extreme cloudiness these astronomical events would probably not be observed.


- page 6 -

Captain Fritz - Suggested that periods of extreme public anxieties be correlated with UFO sightings. These periods of anxieties may be political, economic, religious, etc. Capt. Fritz further pointed out that people are generally gullible, especially in merely religious people, and are easily taken in.

Mr. Handmacher - Suggested that the sighting may be an extension of the "cold war". He also indicated that the AVRO (also shaped aircraft) was to start flying soon and that this could cause an increase in reports. Mr. Handmacher to supply us with a date and location, if possible.

Summary:
It was concluded that the Aerial Phenomena Group would immediately give consideration to Major Fife's suggestion of a time line analysis using the "Frank Edwards" talk as an initial event.

The other suggestions would be shelved until the next meeting of the panel when all members would be more familiar with Special Report #14.

Mr. Hiett is to show the moving pictures of the UFO show which was on the Armstrong Circle Theater TV program.

ROBERT J. FRIEND
Major, USAF
AGILE-AFBLG


- page 7 -

ATZIN-44hg Weekly Activity Report

SUBJECT: UFO Program                                                                8 May 1959

1. On Wednesday, 5 May 1959, the newly formed UFO Advisory Panel had its first meeting. The purpose of this meeting was to brief the members on the UFO Program and the purpose of the panel.

2. The Panel consists of men qualified in diversified fields:
Lt. Col. Richard M. Graham, Chaplain, PMI
Mr. Theodore J. Hiatt, Public Relations, 443
Maj. Leroy D. Pigg, Psychology, CLIPPS
Mr. V. T. Handmacher, Physicist, RD76XD
Dr. L. V. Robinson, Astronomer, 464

The organizations to which these men belong graciously allowed their services on a voluntary basis.

3. The purpose of the panel is to review the more troublesome cases, spot trends in the program, and make suggestions as to the future outlook. The regular meeting time of this panel is tentatively the last Monday of each month.

(PFT-5771, Maj. R. J. Friend, 6-216)
(UNCLASSIFIED)


- page 8 -

CYS SENT TO:  WCLDFPM, Maj Pigg
                RDZSXD, Mr. Handmacher

                                                UFO Advisory Panel Meeting, 6 May 1959
End                                             8 May 1959
ATTN: Chaplain Graham                           AJCIN-The/Mg N. J. Friend/wo/6926

1. A copy of the briefing given at the initial meeting of the UFO Advisory
Panel, and a folder containing some general statistical information are inclosed
for your information and retention.

2. The intention of AJCIN-Mg is to schedule the meeting of the panel on
the last Monday of each month.

3. The next scheduled meeting of the panel is 0900, Area "A", Bldg. 263,
Hangar "A" South Room No. 3.

4. The main topic of discussion will be "Procedure For A Statistical Study
of the UFO Program".

2 Incls:
    1. Copy of Briefing
    2. Folder of Stats

                                                MERLE G. NYMAN
                                                Colonel, USAF
                                                AJCIN-144

[Signature of individual with handwritten date of 8 may 59]


- page 9 -

CWS TO:    Brig - Chaplain Graham
WOLDPN - Maj Plgg
RN2SND - Mr. Neumecher
AFOIN-414 - Dr Robinson        Meeting of UFO Advisory Panel

AFOIN-420                                                  20 Apr 59
ATTN:  Mr. Hikett                                  AFOIN-414/Maj Friend/AFOIN/Mtg 263

1.  The first meeting of the UFO Advisory Panel is to be held on Wednesday, 
6 May 1959, at 0900, in Room 3J, Hangar "A" South, Bldg. 263, Area "A".

2.  The purpose of this meeting is to brief the members of the panel on the 
program, our methods of operation, and the purpose of the panel.

3.  The information to be discussed will not exceed a classification of 
SECRET.

4.  This UP is a follow-up to the telephone notice of this meeting.

5.  If unable to attend, notify AFOIN-414g by telephone, Ext. 69216.

6.  We still plan to hold these meetings on the last Monday of each month. 
However, we are deviating at this time in an effort to get the Advisory Panel 
under way.

                                                VINCENT G. HIXSON
                                                Colonel, USAF
                                                AFOIN-414


- page 10 -

DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO. [blank]                                SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel

TO: WCLDT                                       FROM: ATIO
     ATTN: Lt/Col Farris                         AFOIN-AE/Maj Friena/ae/69e16/Blg 828
     DATE: 16 Mar 59                             COMMENT NO. 1

1. The Air Technical Intelligence Center is responsible for the Air Force's Unidentified Flying Objects Program. The interest in this area is threefold, to determine if UFO's constitute a threat to national security or are a danger in any way, to determine if there are any areas of scientific interest and the public relations aspects.

2. In an effort to improve our method of handling this program the ATIC pro-poses the formation of an advisory panel composed of persons qualified in the following areas:

Psychology
Physics
Astronomy
Religion
Public Relations

The personnel for this panel to be provided on a voluntary basis by Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and the tenant organizations.

3. This panel to meet one day each month for the purpose of detecting possible trends in the program and to make recommendations for possible improvements in the method of operation. Tentatively the panel will meet on the last Monday of each month. Members of the panel will be notified by phone and/or D.F. when a meeting is scheduled.

4. It is requested that WCLDT support this effort with the service of a Psychologist to be utilized as stipulated above.

5. It is further requested that this office be notified if the requested support is to be granted, and the name and telephone number of the individual assigned, if in the affirmative.

[Signature]
H. K. GILLETT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components
Air Technical Intelligence Center

DD FORM 96                REPLACES NME FORM 56, OCT 48, WHICH MAY BE USED


- page 11 -

ADVISORY PANEL
AERIAL PHENOMENA GROUP

CHAPLAIN
Chaplain (Lt/Col) Richard M. Graham
EMH, Phone 60317

Chaplain (Capt) Mervin R. Johnson
EMH, Phone 60317

PUBLIC RELATIONS
Mr. Theodore J. Hiatt
AFCIN-1AX3, Phone 55466

Mr. Spencer Whedon
AFCIN-1AX3, Phone 57136

PSYCHOLOGY
Major Leroy D. Pigg
WCLDIFM, Phone 38278

PHYSICIST
Mr. V. J. Handmacher
Phone WWRPXO

ASTRONOMER
Dr. L. V. Robinson
AFCIN-1EL, Phone 76226


- page 12 -

DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO. [blank]
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel

TO: ATIC
ATTN: AFCIN-4EL
Maj. Friend

FROM: RDZSXD
DATE: 4 Apr 59
Mr. R. D. Hodge/jem
3132L/BLW/Pml24

1. Mr. V. J. Handmacher, Space Systems Office, (RDZSXD), will be available to participate on Subject panel.

[Signature]
RALPH D. HODGE
Chief, Space Systems
Office of the Deputy for
Advanced Systems
Directorate of Systems Management

DD FORM 96 (REPLACES NME FORM 96, 1 OCT 48, WHICH MAY BE USED)


- page 13 -

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel

TO: ATIC                                FROM: WCLDPPP                DATE: 27 March 1959                COMMENT NO. 2
                                        Mr. Warrick/bao
                                        22228/B2h8/R200-C

1. The Behavioral Sciences Division of the Aero Medical Laboratory nominates
Major Leroy D. Pigg, 2(72)a, to serve as a member of the subject panel. Major Pigg
is a trained psychologist and is rated a Command Pilot. He has a clearance for
Secret granted 24 March 1951.

2. It is understood that participation in the activities of the advisory
panel is voluntary and subject to limitation by priority obligations on the time of
the nominee.

3. Major Pigg, symbol: WCLDPPP, extension 36278, should be advised directly
of the details of the first meeting.

                                        Howard L. Parris
                                        HOWARD L. PARRIS
                                        Lt. Col. USAF
                                        Chief, Behavioral Sciences Division
                                        Aero Medical Laboratory


- page 14 -

ATIC, Subject: Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel, 16 Mar 59
TO: ATIC                FROM: EWH                DATE: 20 Mar 59        COMMENT NR. 2
AFCIN-484/                                        Ch (lt Col) Graham/60317/ac

1. The Chaplains Section is very much interested in basic communica-
tions.

2. Chaplain (Captain) Mervin R. Johnson or the undersigned will be
responsible for attending all called meetings of the proposed panel. The
telephone extension for both is G-0317.

[Signature]
RICHARD W. GRAHAM
Chaplain (Lt. Colonel), USAF
Installation Chaplain

Page number "2" is visible at the bottom of the document.


- page 15 -

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel, 16 Mar 59

TO: AFOIN-464                FROM: AFOIN-443                DATE: 16 Mar 59    COMMENT NR 2
                                                            Mr Hiatt/amt/5526/Bldg 263

AFOIN-443 enthusiastically endorses this proposal and concurs in appointment of Mr. Hiatt to the panel. We suggest that Mr. Whedon be listed as an alternate.

[Signature]
LEE H. STRULL
Deputy Chief
443


- page 16 -

DISPOSITION FORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION (U mag)

FILE NO.                                   SUBJECT
                                            Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel

TO EMH                                     FROM    ATIC                                 DATE 16 Mar 59     COMMENT NO. 1
    ATTN: Lt/Col R. M. Graham                       AFCIN-4Eh/Maj Friend/ac/6926/Bldg 828

1. The Air Technical Intelligence Center is responsible for the Air Force's
Unidentified Flying Objects Program. The interest in this area is threefold, to
determine if UFO's constitute a threat to national security or are a danger in any
way, to determine if there are any areas of scientific interest and the public
relations aspects.

2. In an effort to improve our method of handling this program the ATIC
proposes the formation of an advisory panel composed of persons qualified in the
following areas:

    Religion
    Psychology
    Physics
    Astronomy
    Public Relations

The personnel for this panel to be provided on a voluntary basis by Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base and the tenant organizations.

3. This panel to meet one day each month for the purpose of detecting possible
trends in the program and to make recommendations for possible improvements in the
method of operation. Tentatively the panel will meet on the last Monday of each
month. Members of the panel will be notified by phone and/or D. F. when a meeting
is scheduled.

4. Many of the cases reported to the ATIC have as a basis religious belief
or at least strong religious overtones. It is requested that EMH support the
ATIC with the services of a Chaplain to be utilized as stipulated above.

5. It is further requested that this office be notified if the requested
support is to be granted, and the name and telephone number of the individual
assigned, if in the affirmative.

                                            H. K. GILBERT
                                            Colonel, USAF
                                            Deputy for Science and Components
                                            Air Technical Intelligence Center

DD FORM 96                                                U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE : 1958 O - 188915
1 FEB 50     REPLACES WNE FORM 96, 1 OCT 48, WHICH MAY BE USED


- page 17 -

DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO. [blank]                                SUBJECT Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel

TO AFCIN-4X3                                   FROM AFCIN-4E4                   DATE 16 Mar 59    COMMENT NO. 1
                                                        4EL/Maj Friend/AC/6926/Bldg 828

1. The Air Technical Intelligence Center is responsible for the Air Force's Unidentified Flying Objects Program. The interest in this area is threefold, to determine if UFO's constitute a threat to national security or are a danger in any way, to determine if there are any areas of scientific interest and the public relations aspects.

2. In an effort to improve our method of handling this program the ATIC proposes the formation of an advisory panel composed of persons qualified in the following areas:

Public Relations
Psychology
Physics
Astronomy
Religion

The personnel for this panel to be provided on a voluntary basis by Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and the tenant organizations.

3. This panel to meet one day each month for the purpose of detecting possible trends in the program and to make recommendations for possible improvements in the method of operation. Tentatively the panel will meet on the last Monday of each month. Members of the panel will be notified by phone and/or D.F. when a meeting is scheduled.

4. It is requested that AFCIN-4X3 support AFCIN-4E4 with the services of Mr. Hieatt. Mr. Hieatt will serve as the Public Relations expert on the panel described above.

5. It is further requested that AFCIN-4E4 be notified if 4X3 is unable to support this effort.

[Signature]
LEONARD T. GLASER
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4E4

DD FORM 96                REPLACES NAE FORM 18, 1 OCT 48, WHICH MAY BE USED


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

XX THRU: RDGSKD
ATTN: Col Holm
TO: RDGSKD
ATTN: Mr. Ralph Hodge

Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel
ATIC
AGC104/Maj friend/ac/6926/Msg 820

16 Mar 59

1. The Air Technical Intelligence Center is responsible for the Air Force's Unidentified Flying Objects Program. The interest in this area is threefold, to determine if UFO's constitute a threat to national security or are a danger in any way, to determine if there are any areas of scientific interest and the public relations aspects.

2. In an effort to improve our method of handling this program the ATIC proposed the formation of an advisory panel composed of persons qualified in the following areas:

Physics
Religion
Psychology
Astronomy
Public Relations

The personnel for this panel to be provided on a voluntary basis by Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and the tenant organizations.

3. This panel to meet one day each month for the purpose of determining possible trends in the program and to make recommendations for possible improvements in the method of operation. Tentatively the panel will meet on the last Monday of each month. Members of the panel will be notified by phone and/or P. M. when a meeting is scheduled.

4. It is requested that RDGSKD support the Air Technical Intelligence Center with the services of a Physicist to be utilized as stipulated above.

5. It is further requested that this office be notified if the requested support is to grant, and the name and telephone number of the individual assigned, if in the affirmative.

[Signature]
R. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components
Air Technical Intelligence Center

[Handwritten notes at bottom]
Robert Francis Meyer
arch 464
16 Mar 59


- page 19 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

AFOIN-L&2x/Maj Friend/69216

Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Panel

11 AUG 1960

LMH Cys sent to: LX3, MCLDPPM, AD26XD

1. The next meeting of the UFO panel will be held during the month of September 1960. You will be informed of the exact date by telephone.

2. All during the life of the Air Force program to investigate and evaluate sightings of unidentified phenomena or objects, it has been recognized that the names "Unidentified Aerial Phenomena" or "Unidentified Flying Object" were not appropriate. In many instances nothing associated with the sighting indicated aerial or flying and reports have been made of both objects and phenomena. Reports which are pure figment of course, of course, exclude. Further, these names tend to stimulate the public to the natural extension of associating the term "flying saucer" to a greater degree.

3. You are requested to consider as an official name for the program "Unidentified Phenomena/Object" or "Unidentified Phenomena or Object" as for the alphabetized name, this would result in "UFO," not too different from the present "UFO".

4. You are not restricted to the names mentioned above, and at the meeting you should suggest any which you feel to be more appropriate.

5. Our sincere appreciation is offered to you and your organization for the aid which you gave to this panel during the past year. Such a hearty attitude toward cooperation between organizations can only result in successful completion of our assigned mission.

Richard K. Magdeburg 1960

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-L&2

COORDINATION:
AFOIN-L&2x ____________ Date 16/8/60
AFOIN-L&2 ____________ Date 9/8/60


- page 20 -

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD

20 June 1960

SUBJECT: UFO Panel Meeting, 16 June 1960

1. On 16 June 1960, a UFO Panel Meeting was held at ATIC. The following members of the panel were present:

Mr Theodore Hieatt, ATIC
Dr J. Allen Hynek, Consultant
Mr V Handmacher, WADD
Chaplain William Thorensen, WPAFS
Major Robert J. Friend, ATIC

2. The following subjects were on the agenda for this meeting:

a. Dalton, Massachusetts ice fall, 25 March 1960.
b. Redmond, Oregon UFO sighting, 21 September 1959.
c. LaCamp, Louisiana UFO sighting, 12 April 1960.
d. Proposed study by the Aerial Phenomena Group.

3. a. The Dalton, Massachusetts case (ice fall), 25 March 1960. A 30 pound chunk of ice dug a deep hole in the yard of Mr Larry Roche of Dalton, Massachusetts. When the case was reported Mr Roche was requested to put a large piece of the ice in his freezer, to save it for analysis. The recovered ice was shaved off its outer cover in order to insure that only its original composition was analyzed and it was forwarded to ATIC in a sealed container for this purpose. The sample was analyzed at the physics laboratory of WADD to determine its composition. A copy of the report of this analysis is attached. Al to this document. The analysis has not contributed any information or clues as to the origin of the ice. A report of this case and the laboratory report is to be forwarded to government agencies who may have interest in this area. NASA and Army Engineers, Ft Belvoir, Va.

b. On 21 September 1959, a UFO was sighted at Redmond, Oregon by a policeman and an employee of the FAA Facility. The FAA installation at Seattle, upon receiving a report from FAA, Redmond, contacted the Air Force GCI site at Keno Air Base near Klamath Falls, Oregon to determine if a target was observed near Redmond. The observer on duty at Keno replied in the affirmative to FAA, Seattle. USAF interceptors and civilian aircraft were scrambled, but were unsuccessful in their attempts at interception. Subsequent to 21 September 1959, the GCI site has had similar returns from the Redmond area. The GCI site did not consider there was a relationship between the visual and radar sighting, but the FAA logs carried them as one report. No report of this case was made


- page 21 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

to AITC. However, Major Keyhoe, NICAP, obtained a copy of the FAA
logs and has since used this case against the Air Force. A telephone
investigation by ATIC revealed that the radar sighting was probably
caused by a gap filler antenna and that the visual sighting was
probably due to a refraction of the planet Venus which was in a
position that coincided with that reported by the witnesses. SAFLL
briefed the Space and Aeronautics Committee on this case and used the
finding determined by ATIC. The panel concurs on the probable cause
of this sighting.

c. On 12 April 1960, an object struck the ground at LaCamp,
Louisiana causing a loud explosion, a flash of bright light and leaving
several deep holes in the ground. The light was observed by one witness but the explosion was heard by many. The Air Force investigators
took samples from the ruptured ground and forwarded them to ATIC along
with the report. Analysis of the samples is complete and the report is
being forwarded to ATIC by a contractor. A telephoned brief of the
report indicates that the residue in the holes was metal and increases
the mystery in this case. Stereoscopic photographs of the ruptured
ground are presently being processed. It is hoped that these photographs coupled with the analysis report will shed some light on the
cause for this case. No conclusion was reached or suggested by the
panel.

d. The panel was unanimous in the opinion that a comprehensive
study of the year 1957 would be more beneficial than a cursory examination of the period January, 1953 to the present. The information to
be charted on the IGY charts used for the study was discussed. Dr Hynek
is reviewing the information for discussion at the next panel meeting.

4. The panel unanimously reaffirmed a previous recommendation by
Dr Hynek that adequate investigators be made available to the Aerial
Phenomena Group. It continues to be apparent that the investigation
problem requires individually who are familiar with the special nature
of the UFO problem. Investigators should have background in atmospheric optics, astronomical techniques, and general information concerning astronomy and physics as well as in good investigative techniques. These investigators would be used on those cases which give
indication of having greatest promise of intelligence or scientific
value; i.e., LaGamp, Louisiana sighting.

[Signature]
ROBERT J. FRIEND
Major, USAF
ATIC-IL-2

2


- page 22 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-46

SUBJECT: Meeting of UFO Panel, 7 April 1960

TO: AFCIN-462 (Colonel Shoop)
Major Friend

15 April 1960

I find your UFO Panel, 7 April 1960 report most interesting. I share your concern about "scientific potential" of sightings. I have the following guidance:

a. My policy is still to divest 46 of responsibility as rapidly as possible.

b. Reference I-B investigations must be within the current limited TDY funds available to 462.

c. Reference I-C determine with 4D if this is within current equipment and manpower resources available to them, if not see me before commitment.

PHILIP G VANS
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-46

1 Atch
Memo for Record 4/12/60
Subj: Meeting of UFO Panel


- page 23 -

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD                                     12 April 1960

SUBJECT:  Meeting of UFO Panel, 7 April 1960

I.  Discussion:

A. The following topics were discussed: Redirection of program with emphasis toward possible scientific value, filing system, and a case of falling ice which took place at Dalton, Massachusetts.

B. For the past 13 years ATIC has coped with the intelligence and public relations problems presented by reports of so-called UFO's. In the latter days of the 1940's there was some reason surely to fulfill the defense obligations or to determine whether the reported phenomena would in any way affect national defense. This was, and has continued to be, the primary concern of ATIC in this respect. During the dozen or more years in which ATIC has been the recipient of a total of over 8000 reports, there has been at no time any evidence that those residual reports that could not easily be ascribed to the misidentification of common objects such as aircraft, balloons, etc., showed any hostile intent or were devices or a military character.

C. The conviction has grown on the part of the people directly concerned, and of the panel on UFO's, that it has become pointless to continue the type of "score-keeping" and monitoring of UFO sightings on the basis of hostile intent. This is not held to mean that our first look at UFO reports should not be to determine if they give evidence of possible threat to national security, for this is a primary concern; but rather that this should not be the final step in cases which give further indication of having some greater value because of their scientific potential. Further, the cases should not be considered individually only, but their collective value should be given equal consideration; i.e., frequency and numbers of fireballs. One might ask why any attention whatever should be paid to this small but steady flow of UFO sightings. To cease all attention would first be deliberately to close an important Air Force function of monitoring aerial phenomena. One can never tell when a newly launched enemy device might first come to our attention as a UFO report; secondly, the public fully expects the Air Force, as the defense service that has obvious cognizance of aerospace, to monitor and be aware of evidence in the upper atmosphere. A great loss in public confidence in the Air Force might result from complete abrogation of the UFO program.

D. Furthermore, it is now clear to the panel that UFO activities are not confined to the United States, but considerable such activity has occurred in France, Italy, Brazil, and of late, we understand through private sources, even Russia is not without similar activities. Indeed, the panel understands that there are some Russian scientists who are giving careful attention to aerial phenomena, broader in general scope than UFO's, but nonetheless including what we normally hear called UFO phenomena. It would be most embarrassing if, in view of the many years already spent by the United States Air Force on this subject, some other


- page 24 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

group should, in their relatively short attention to this subject, find
or discover any Scientific Potential. It is the panel's firm belief,
based on examined evidence, that the so-called unknown sightings are the
result of insufficient and inadequate reporting of natural but unusual
physical phenomena, often perhaps of a meteorological or astronomical
character.

E. The panel further recognizes that in the next decade sky surveyors,
electronic and optical, will of necessity increase many fold. New detec-
tion devices, such as the Baker Nunn Camera and large telescopes and radio
telescopes are already in operation, and in particular new electronic
devices; e.g., image conversion devices are in the process of development.
It follows, therefore, that in the next few years surveillance groups will
have to contend with many of the phenomena which heretofore have been
reported to ATIC. The development of this equipment will of necessity be
influenced by its ability to discriminate between natural occurring pheno-
mena and space probe objects (rockets and missiles). While these surveil-
lance devices will be used for possible scientific progress, it must be
realistically recognized that they are also, possibly with refinements,
the equipment upon which we will depend for the first steps in defense-
detection; and it does not call for much imagination, in view of recent
developments in the space age, to realize that our ever decreasing time
allowance for effective reaction in event of an attack will depend upon
the reliability and speed of these detecting devices. It is equally
dangerous to think of taking aggressive action due to misidentification
of an object such as a meteor for an enemy missile as it is not to take
action if our detection devices dismiss an enemy missile as a meteor.
In order to realize such delicate differences, the physical and chemical
characteristics of various phenomena which have missile-like qualities
must be exactly determined. Other important patterns such as frequency
of occurrence must also be determined, for this is an indication of how
often our detecting device would be called upon to eliminate such pheno-
mena. It is difficult to imagine a device which would be able to detect
missiles or other such objects and not be disturbed by a bright meteor.
The differentiating factors would be small; therefore, the numbers of
characteristics and those which are at greater variance should be con-
sidered to help increase reliability of such a detector. This, of course,
necessitates greater knowledge of the characteristics of both these
phenomena and missiles, etc. There is a wealth of material already
in the ATIC files, but it requires further processing for its scientific
value.

II. Recommendations:

A. The panel hereby recommends a review of past material in light
of accrued experience, and a thorough scientific analysis be made of
those cases which are determined to be the more outstanding and having
a high scientific potential.

B. It is recommended that in future, after consideration has been
given to the threat possibilities, that those cases which give indication

2


- page 25 -

AUCIN-LMAG

UFO Advisory Panel                                     8 September 1959

BMI

1. Attached for your information is a folder containing an agenda and
a proposed program for bringing Special Report 14 (Project Blue Book)
up to date.

2. Please be reminded that the UFO Advisory Panel meeting day has been
changed to the last Thursday of each month, which will make the next
scheduled date 24 September 1959.

RICHARD R. SHOOP
Colonel, USAF
AUCIN-LM4

1 Atch:
o/s


- page 26 -

