The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form titled "PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD" that contains various fields to record information about a reported UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD 
1. DATE: 25/09/52
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 23/09/52
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: O Ground-Visual
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Bright green object observed to turn w/bright glow. Then exploded.
12. CONCLUSIONS: [X] Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possible Meteorite
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

11. COMMENTS: Characteristics of ballistic observation present. Case evaluated as a meteor.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Overcast
e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember
35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[ 3 ] - Day [ 9 ] - Month [ 1958 ] - Year
36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) (Yes) (No)
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) (Yes) (No)
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
South Charleston 3, W.VA.
37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) (No)
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other cases?
Going in the opposite direction - Clear sky
38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Flying saucer.
Coming into our atmosphere.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which contains a questionnaire filled out by the respondent.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 10,000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
What is your present job? NONE
Age: 14 Sex: Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school 
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1 Oct 1959

- page 3 -

This image appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form. There is no photograph present in this document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to give a description of the event that you observed. You may refer to past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further statements that you believe will clarify the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: (Redacted)
DATE: OCT 9, 1959
CODE: (Redacted)

The handwritten text on the form states:
"While watching stars with a neighbor I suddenly noticed a very bright light about 90 degrees zenith. I looked up and it shot forward and then motored stopped. Then noticed it's color and shape. After about a second, it shot forward and disappeared behind the horizon."

- page 4 -

The image appears to contain a diagram or drawing, rather than a photograph. The diagram shows a hemisphere or dome-shaped object with various angles, directions, and measurements labeled around the periphery. There are no human faces or identifiable individuals present in the image.

As an OCR system, the text extracted from the document is as follows:

90째 Zenith
30째 Arm
60째 60째
Seconds Steered
to Southwest
135 90 45
SE E NE
180 270
S N

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Department of The Air Force
Washington 25,D.C.

Dear sirs:

I wish to report an Unidentified Flying Object. 

Sept.22,1959-8:00PM-EST
About as large as a large star,round heading west.It flew in a slightly zig-zag course for about 5 or 3 seconds.A very bright light and then it disappeared.The sky was completely clear.It traveled a fairly fast.

South Charleston 3, 
West Virginia

Age 14

Remarks:-None

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document dated September 29, 1959. 

Text output:

22 SEP 59
SUBJECT: J Tucker/mbb/72291

29 September 1959

Dear Mr. 

This is to acknowledge your letter of 23 September 1959 concerning an Unidentified Flying Object you sighted on 22 September 1959, South Charleston, West Virginia.

Your letter contained insufficient data to allow a valid conclusion. Therefore, requests you complete the attached Air Force Questionnaire in regard to this sighting and forward the completed paper to the Air Force Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, for analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. 
South Charleston 3, West Virginia

Comeback 13-3d
Reader 15-1

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions or publications without your permission.
1. When did you see the object? 29 September 1959
2. Time of day: 3:00 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? South Charleston West Virginia
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 10 Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. (a) Certain (b) Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
Additional remarks:

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and multiple-choice answers related to observing an unidentified object.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember  

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? (Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes/No/Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes/No/Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes/No/Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes/No/Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes/No/Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes/No/Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes/No/Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: It moved behind horizon.

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes/No/Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No)
a. Eyeglasses Yes/No
b. Sun glasses Yes/No
c. Windshield Yes/No
d. Window glass Yes/No
e. Binoculars Yes/No
f. Telescope Yes/No
g. theodolite Yes/No
h. Other speed, round, bright

- page 9 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn diagram depicting a UFO object. The diagram shows a round, bright green object with an exhaust tail that is bright yellow. There is no photograph present in this image.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Very Bright green

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc, and especially outline or vapor trails or view trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The hand-drawn diagram depicts a circular, bright green object with a bright yellow exhaust tail, indicating the direction of movement.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
            b. Like a bright star
            c. Sharply outlined
            d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 1
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

OCR Output:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound NONE
b. Color VERY Bright green

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc, and especially outline or vapor trails or view trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Hand-drawn diagram of a round, bright green object with a bright yellow exhaust tail, and an arrow showing the direction of movement]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
            b. Like a bright star
            c. Sharply outlined
            d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 1
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with questions and text fields for the observer to fill out.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects: held in the hand and of about arm's length?
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? IT DISAPPEARED BEHIND A TREE
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, or would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object you saw. Of what type material would you make it? If it became large, what shape would it be, and what parts would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A FIFTY CENT PIECE HELD ABOUT AN ARMS LENGTH AWAY. BURNING VERY BRIGHT GREEN.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which includes a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Looking inside a building
Looking outside
Looking at an airplane
At sea
Other
In the business section of a city
In the residential section of a city
In open countryside
Flying over a city
Flying over open country
Other

Looking at the object, it was turning or rotating and it was described as making a sound like a flash. The witness was not moving in an automobile or other vehicle at the time of the sighting.

When the object first appeared, it was at 340 degrees from true north. When it disappeared, it was at 340 degrees from true north.

- page 12 -

The image contains two sketches, but no photographs. The first sketch shows a curved line and instructs the viewer to place an "A" on the curved line to indicate how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it, and a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.

The second sketch shows two larger sketches. The one on the left appears to be a landscape view with a person standing on a road, and the one on the right is a smaller sketch that appears to show how the object was positioned relative to the observer.

As per the OCR instructions, I will now transcribe all the text found in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position where the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 13 -

