PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: 8 Jan 59

2. LOCATION: Lyons, Colorado

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local - 0820

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Air-Visual

5. PHOTOS: No

6. SOURCE: Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1

9. COURSE: NE toward

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
First heard a terrific roar, rushed outside a sighted a 5 pointed, dull gray obj traveling much faster than a jet & much higher point first. The sound did not seem to follow the obj. Baffled re: toward the mountain.

11. COMMENTS: Daytime observation of bolide type meteor.

12. CONCLUSIONS: [Checkboxes mostly unchecked, but appears to have "Possibly Astronomical" selected]


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other: MATCH BOOK

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Gradually southward, just rose a cloud and faded into a haze. The origin of the saucer 6 feet in height, fading out.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Material would be or metal. It would be 20' long and 8' wide at the base. The best description I can give is a tumbling pyramid.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Standing getting out + I rushed outside to look at the unusual sound in air.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. (No wind)
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
18       6       1957
Day     Month     Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
My husband thinks from my description of this object & the model it made that it was a horse-cone making a really wide earth's atmosphere.


- page 4 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? About the speed of a fast jet, 600-700 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About two height commercial planes, 15,000 ft. above ground level.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Lyons City, Zone Color State

TELEPHONE NUM [redacted]
What is your present job? Housewife

Age 49 Sex Female

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
f. Other special training Teaching

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 14 Day 7 Month 1959 Year


- page 5 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: July 24, 1957

I saw this early in the morning on a clear sky, almost directly over-head, from the south to the north. The object was traveling at terrific speed with at the same time slowly tumbling, and over and over. 

The star which caused me to rush outside did not follow the object but continued for a few seconds and then faded out towards the west.

It was dull grey in color with no brightness of any kind. It looked hazy & untwirled as it tumbled in the sky, but the over-all speed was terrific.


- page 6 -

HEADQUARTERS
AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ENI AIR FORCE BASE
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ADODI-B
SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: ATIC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 14549

The attached report of UFO sighting, received by this Headquarters, is forwarded for your information and necessary action.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

DOUGLAS W. EISEMAN
Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence

1 Atch
a/s

TELE: MELROSE 2-5511
EXT.

IN REPLY REFER TO
OFFICE SYMBOL:

25 JUN 1959


- page 7 -

Lyons, Colo.
June 18, 1959

Dear Sirs:

Another report on a flying "Object". We, this morning at about eight my wife heard a terrific noise overhead which was unlike either a jet or a commercial airliner. Rushing outside, she was unable to see any plane but swears up and down that about six or seven thousand feet up and a little to the south she spotted an object something like this:-

[Several hand-drawn geometric shapes/sketches]

It was tumbling point first.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

toward the north, slow enough for new to identify "three" points on actually.

The object but moving thru the air faster than any jet were here.

It was a dull grey with no glisten or shine.

The terrific noise did not follow the object but seemed to drift off toward the mountains and fade out entirely.

Sounds like the re-entry of a nose cone, doesn't it?!

Yours truly,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

NAME OR TITLE
Col Kehman

ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION
AFOTR-AEA

Col Morton
AFOTR-AEI

Maj L. J. Tucker
SAFSS-3

REMARKS
Request on ATIC Form #164 be forwarded to Maj. 
[partially redacted] requesting her to give as much 
detailed information as possible.

FROM NAME OR TITLE
Maj Robert J. Friend
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION
AFOTR-Hq

DATE
30 June 59

TELEPHONE
56236

DD FORM 95
1 FEB 59

Replaces DA AGO Form 551, AGO 381, and AFRO 190-1
From 12 Mar 52, which may be used.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

SATIS-3/Major (key/pb/7496r/9 o.l. 59)

9 July 1959

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your letter of 10 June 1959 concerning an unidentified object your wife sighted on that day. Your letter contained insufficient data to allow a valid conclusion. Therefore, I am enclosing an Air Force Questionnaire which Mrs. [redacted] should fill out giving us much detailed information as possible.

When the questionnaire is completed, please forward it direct to the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, for an analysis and or evaluation of this sighting.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. [redacted]
Lyons, Colorado

SATIS-3 Comeback By
SAPIS 1 Reading CV


- page 11 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
18    6    1958
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 5    30
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Lyons    Lyons    Colorado
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

Additional remarks: [Redacted/Blacked out]

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Dull daylight    e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 59)


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes No Don't Know
Yes No Don't Know
Yes No Don't Know
Yes No Don't Know
Yes No Don't Know
Yes No Don't Know
Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No

e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other

Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about this object:
a. Sound: Didn't hear - didn't follow object

b. Color: Dull dark grey

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust or vapor trails or on arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with an arrow pointing to the right/north, labeled "S" and "N"]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? [Blank space]
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling. [Blank space]

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 14 -

