1066TH AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
FORT BELVOIR, VIRGINIA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:                                                     22 JUN 1959
SUBJECT:    UFO Report

TO:    Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence
        Attn: Local Record (A-CIN-1)
        Headquarters, USAF
        Washington 25, D. C.

1.    In compliance with verbal request of Local Record, ACIN-1, the pilot of United Airlines Flight #36 was interviewed on 20 June 1959 by Maj Karahalosos, Bat 1, this organization. Results were transmitted by phone to this unit.

a.    Description of Objects:
    (1) Shape: Four (4) globules of fire, round.
    (2) Size: Size of dime held at arms length.
    (3) Color: Intense bluish-white.
    (4) Number: Four (4).

    (5) Formation: Four (4) round globules of fire were approximately one-half (1/2) inch apart. All four (4) globules covered approximately eight (8) inches. They were arranged in two or two (2) globules fixed in space relative to each other.

    (6) Discernible details: None.
    (7) Tail, trail, etc: None.
    (8) Sound: None.
    (9) Other: None.

b.    Description of Course of Objects:
    (1) Flash of light in corner of eye calls observers attention to the object.

    (2) When first observed, objects were three (3) degrees above horizontal (observed from an altitude of 19,000 feet).

    (3) Objects disappeared slightly above horizontal.


- page 10 -

(h) Flight path: Straight line. Ten (10) degrees down the trajectory.

(i) Objects disappeared instantaneously.

(6) Objects were visible for two (2) seconds.

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Time -date: 161215°, June.
(2) Light Condition: Night.

d. Location of observer: 380N-130W at an altitude of 19,000 feet.

e. Identifying information of Observer:
(Blacked out text) pilot of United Airlines, (Blacked out text) AF-MACON, California.

f. Weather:
(1) Observer's account: fog.
(2) Official report: Wind 6,000', clear at aircraft altitude, visibility good, no storms, no clouds, cold from west. Overcast extended 3,000 - 4,000 feet high.

2. After the sighting pilot sent the following three messages via radio to his flight operations:

a. "United Flight 36 wishes to report rocket firing at 1213½ hours at position of aircraft 380S/130W. Have picked up surface vessel on radar at 35 miles SW of our position." (Time of report 1322).

b. "Entire sky lighted up and at altitude above us, there appeared to be four (4) balls of fire". (For Western Sea Frontier report 13302).

c. "Rockets appeared to be 35 miles North. Color bluish white". (Time of message 1333).

3. Description of aircraft: 1-6, Flight 36, United Airlines, San Francisco International Airport, altitude, GS 145 knots, heading 063 degrees true, altitude 19,000 feet.

4. The pilot took the following action after sighting:
a. Reported via radio to his flight operations in San Francisco.

2 (page number)


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

b. Changed frequency and attempted to contact the surface vessel. Overheard the following: MACAB and "ALPHA" on CW/SSB OG. Conversation in English indicated they were changing the frequency.

c. Did not switch to 121.5 (emergency VHF) because as he stated "I did not want to alarm anyone".

d. Did not alert the passengers or the crew members.

5. Co-pilot of the Flight 36, sitting on the right seat only flash and nothing else.

6. The pilot stated that he overheard a pilot of a transoceanic flight to report the sighting. After the report, United Airlines pilot determined that the Transoceanic Flight was approximately 130 miles West in his (United Airlines) position.

7. Transoceanic Office indicated that the pilot in question is Captain ████ ████ in ████. He is still in Honolulu and is expected to return on 22 June. Turner sent the following message to San Francisco Office: "C-4660 at approximately 1216 323 1356 Flash lasting about 30 seconds".

8. The following additional data were gained from pilot of the United Airlines Flight 36:

"I watched the subject for two (2) seconds and I think it traveled 115 miles and then lights went out."

"I saw four (4) lights heading approximately 090 degrees true. Estimated altitude of 22,000 feet. Distance from my aircraft approximately 30 miles. Path ten (10) degrees down trajectory, was above horizontal then 16 degrees. No radar contact.

9. Pilot believes that lightning was a rocket because of the following:

a. Flash of intense light was similar to lightning or blast-off of a rocket. (he said that he observed static firings of rockets from air).

b. High rate of speed.

10. Navigational charts, etc. of the Flight 36, available at United Airlines Terminal, Flight Operations, c/o Capt. SELKING. Maj. Karachisoff will obtain them on 22 June 1959.


- page 12 -

11. Major Durachisoff was instructed to contact and interview Transoceanic Pilot, upon his arrival in San Francisco.

[Signature]
JOHN W. MADDEN
Colonel, USAF
Commander

The number of meteors reported as flying saucers or spaceships has diminished in the last few years, but the Air Force has continued to investigate all doubtful or puzzling sightings to determine whether they in any way represent a possible threat to the nation's security. Every sure identification of a UFO as merely a meteor, not a ballistic missile, brings a certain amount of relief.

A typical case, successfully solved, is that of June 20, 1959. About 2:15 a.m. the pilot of a United Airlines flight over the Pacific reported by radio to Flight Operations that he had observed an apparent rocket firing about thirty-five miles west of the plane position; radar detected the presence of a surface vessel at about the same position. The pilot first noticed a flash of light, then the entire sky lighted up and he saw four round, fiery globes, of an intense bluish-white color, with no tails. Flying two by two in a straight line, they made no sound and disappeared after about two seconds. The weather was clear and calm, the visibility excellent. The co-pilot sitting at the right, saw only the first flash, but the pilot of another plane some 120 miles to the west reported seeing the same objects at the same time [sic].

Because this sighting occurred in a very sensitive area where military officials were expecting a Russian test firing of an ICBM, the Air Force made an exhaustive study of this report and identified the objects as a meteor. Their evaluation proceeded as follows:

The United Airlines pilot estimated the distance of the objects as only about thirty miles and their rate of travel at some 15 degrees in two seconds. These figures indicated a velocity of approximately 14,500 miles per hour, about the speed of a ballistic missile. But the relatively low altitude, the flat trajectory, and the fact that a visible "power plant" was apparently still operating at this stage of flight ruled out the possibility of a missile. However, if the observer had under-estimated the distance and the objects were actually hundreds of miles away, then the data would indicate a speed of about 50,000 miles an hour. In the case of meteor velocities, the descriptions given closely matched that of the classic fireball, whose colors range over white, blue, green, red, and yellow, and whose luminosity may be as great as 3 magnitudes. The Air Force concluded that the object sighted was, in all probability, a meteor.


- page 13 -

