The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card documenting a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 17 Oct 59
2. LOCATION: Franklinton, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 17/2245Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. DURATION: 30 mins.
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 mins.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: East
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 
The object was changing shapes by becoming larger & smaller, observed moving up, down, and side-to-side. Very brilliant, compared by witness to the "size of a dime from horizon to horizon." Object was still in sight after 30 mins.
11. COMMENTS:
No specific positional info was obtained from the witness. The first time the object was seen, it was the size of a dime, then it became very large, then it became very small, and this change in size was repeated several times during the observation. The object was described as a bright star or possibly another bright craft or planet in the sky at this time.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet or report, containing handwritten text.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and used as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write the details of your observation as clearly as you can. Utilize all pertinent information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observed phenomena in a comprehensive manner. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

The text written on the form states:
"4,000 ft into fog, looks like a metallic (silver) disc, changes from right to slim. It traveled approximately 1 minute of Franklin, Ohio. Found northwest of Franklin. Traveled with him for 20-25 minutes & it was still in sight according to witnesses.

Called pattern off - T-33 in traffic let going further description given - White called U.S. weather controlled station began about 10 minutes after scene."

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a handwritten document or notes. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

19 Oct 54
Republic of Korea
Mr. Chong Duk Won
Assume UFO means not recorded - there is a note in the case that indicates that no photo accompanied this file.

23 Oct 59
This is an old RADAR case, Maine
There is no case labeled as such, but there is reference to a case described on Catalina island in the case.

22-23 Oct 59
(Flying AFB, Ft. Fairfield, Maine)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be a questionnaire or form used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. This information will be used for research purposes. We request that you do not discuss this report with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 17 oct 1959
2. Time of day: 6:25 (Circle One): a. A.M. b. P.M.
3. Time seen: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Rear of Yard ohio
Additional remarks: Located north of Oxford, Ohio
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 30 Minutes
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain b. May be off by: 1. a few minutes 2. half hour 3. hour 4. couple hours
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. In back of you d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a form that contains various questions about the observed object.

Page 2

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark  
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember   

10. IF IT WAS BRIGHTER THAN THE SKY BACKGROUND, WAS THE BRIGHTNESS LIKE THAT OF AN AUTOMOBILE HEADLIGHT?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant source)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other?

11. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?   Yes  No  Don't Know
b. Appear to move at any time?   Yes  No  Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?   Yes  No  Don't Know
d. Give off a smoke or exhaust?   Yes  No  Don't Know
e. Chanage shape?   Yes  No  Don't Know
f. Increase, decrease, or pulsate in brightness?   Yes  No  Don't Know

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANYTIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: These and they could not see for a while

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANYTIME, PARTCULARLY A CLOUD? 
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: Moving southwest

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: (Circle One)
a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING?:
a. Eyeglasses   Yes  No  b. Sun glasses   Yes  No
c. Binoculars   Yes  No  d. Telescope   Yes  No
e. Window glass   Yes  No  f. Other   Yes  No

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a UFO report form.

Text found in the document:

15. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Round object - seemed to be hovering or moving up and down very slowly.
b. Color - "Looked silvery or metalle. "

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, lights, shape, and especially whether the object was hovering, moving, or stood still. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Drawing showing a round object with the text "Round object - change shape - seemed to be hovering or moving up and down very slowly")

18. The shape of the object was:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Like a bright star
                   c. Sharply outlined
                   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.
N/A

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand:
a. Silver dollar
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Quarter
e. Golf ball
f. Grapefruit
g. Basketball
h. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.): Certain Uncertain Extremely Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could examine the object they say you saw. Of what type material would you say it was made? Here leave space for the witness to give a description of the object.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, consisting of a questionnaire with various multiple-choice and short-answer questions.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Did driving I was casually enjoying driving and saw it coming very fast and slightly changing direction.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you going? Mph 
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was:
31.1 When it first appeared: ____ degrees.
31.2 a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 8 -

The image appears to contain three sketches or illustrations. The first sketch shows a curved line with a labeled point "A" on the curved line, and another labeled point "B" on the same curved line, representing how an unidentified object appeared in the sky. The second and third sketches appear to be larger illustrations of the object's position in the sky, with a person standing in the foreground.

Converting the text in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Partly cloudy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Overcast
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. Calm
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? 
/ 2 5 7 Month / Day / Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
The luminous colors, that is what bothered me - a lot, seemed to be more like a reflected light than a regular light source, the light's constant movement, and the silent fast movement.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a questionnaire or report form.

Text found in the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One)   Yes   No
40. IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 4,600 ft/sec 
Do you think you can estimate how far the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away from you the object was? feet.
41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME   FIRST NAME   MIDDLE NAME
ADDRESS   STREET   CITY   STATE
TELEPHONE NUMBER   555-555-5555
What is your present job? Automotive, Retail trade of vehicles
Age   27   Sex   F
Please indicate any special educational training you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school   GRADE 12   YEARS
c. College
d. Post graduate
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 10 - 6 - 1959

- page 11 -

