PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
25 May 59

2. LOCATION
Cheshire, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 3356-2400

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
D-Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 min.

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Not given

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Strange light, traveled at high rate of
speed, then stopped. Luminous, glaring w/
bright atmosphere. on the top, which seemed
to rotate. The color was white like the moon.
Obj shot several beams of light toward the
ground. No sound.

11. COMMENTS
Information insufficient to reach
any conclusion.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

Tape recording submitted by Mr. [redacted] of UFO sighting by Mr. [redacted] (17 years), Cheshire, Ohio
15 March 1959

Witness was walking across Tiger Hill when there was a burst of rain. It rained hard, but by the time he got to the top of the hill the rain stopped.

Witness saw a strange light about 50' over [redacted] house which frightened him. Witness walked on down the road and saw an object about 50' over the road. The object took off like a shot out of a gun and then stopped. Witness was so scared he ran to a friend's house; the friend came out, but the object was gone. The friend discounted the object as a reflection.

Mr. [redacted] began walking on home; as he walked around a curve he saw lights of a house, but to his right, about five to ten feet off the ground, he saw a luminous, oblong object with a cockpit-like arrangement on the top which seemed to be rotating. The color of the object was white like the moon. The object shot several beams of light toward the ground. This light struck witness' shoulder. There was no sound. The object took off, then slowed down, then went out of sight over a house.

This story was relayed to Mr. [redacted] by a [redacted] who also sighted an object on 16 March 1959, 2030-2100. - While driving home from a service call Mr. [redacted] noticed his car radio had static. He instinctively looked up for power lines and noticed an object about 300' up and about 75-100' in front of his car. He saw only the bottom of the object. He also noticed that his lights dimmed. He had the object in sight until he reached his home, where he called his family out to see it. By that time it was leaving at such a fast rate of speed no one could tell much about it.


- page 2 -

AFOIN-414g

OSO Sighting (w/ [redacted])

[redacted]
Mansfield, Ohio

2 DEC 1959

1. Returned herewith is tape recording of Mr. [redacted] request that the information contained on the tape was insufficient for us to come to any specific conclusion as to the cause of the sighting. The Air Force did not attempt to contact Mr. [redacted] due to the possibility of compromising you and the others as to what was on the tape. Any additional information which you have that would assist the Air Force in arriving at a solution to this sighting would be appreciated.

2. Due to the retirement of Colonel Gilbert, the tape was late in reaching ATIC. The tape was retained here for a reasonable period for possible correlation with other sightings during the same period and from the same location. This effort met with negative results.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
PHILIP G. DAVIS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

1 Atch:
Tape Recording

COORDINATION:

[Signature/stamp]


- page 3 -

