PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
9 Feb 50

2. LOCATION
S of Sandusky, Ohio

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. GMT
11007

6. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
S

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Yellow toward orange speck. Speck grew larger as they drove toward it leaving a decided yellow tail very straight and bright with dispersed in time like the tail stream of a jet. Obj had an upper part much like the top of a cone, while the lower part was rather level or flat.

11. COMMENTS
Description is typical of any obj that is in the sky during the time of day reported. The Flight path and duration is typical of a high altitude jet aircraft. It is the opinion of this analyst that the observers probably saw an a/c and the yellow trail --a contrail with sun reflecting from it.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
■ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other:
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

25D 24-118                                                16 February 1959

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO:    Commander
        Selfridge Air Force Base
        Michigan

1. The attached memorandum dated 4 February 1959 was received from the Detroit Division, Federal Bureau of Investigation.

2. This memorandum is furnished for your information and such action as deemed necessary pursuant to AFR 200-2.

3. No further investigation in this matter is contemplated, and the matter is considered "CLOSED" in the files of this office.

1 Incl
a/o

For and in life of B. E. PRATER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
District Commander

cec Dir OSI (ZI) w/Incl

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 2 -

MEMORANDUM TO SAC                                                February 4, 1959

FROM SA COGHLAN

RE: FLYING SAUCER SIGHTING
    Information Concerning

Dr. [redacted], Ann Arbor, Michigan, Director of the [redacted] Language Institute and Professor of [redacted], University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan, advised the writer this date of the following information:

Dr. [redacted] and his wife while driving west on the Ohio Turnpike, near Turnpike Exit 7, at 6:00 PM on February 2, 1959, observed a so called "Flying Saucer". He described it as a yellow toward orange speck on the west horizon when they initially saw it. He said at that time they were amazed in that it looked like what they had heard of "Flying Saucers", and they were only mildly interested in determining what it actually was.

The speck of light grew larger as it approached their location or as they drove toward it. The color was quite distinct but at this point it still gave no distinct shape. It headed due south leaving a decided yellow tail, very bright. This tail, Dr. [redacted] said, might compare with the appearance of the lining of a cloud in the setting sun. On watching it however, he said, he had his wife critically analyze it and was in fact the tail of the thing. It left a straight tail which dispersed in the thin tail stream of a jet.

The thing then lost altitude, described a lowering arch which left a long (the tail) becoming corrugated, as though fading away. It stopped then illustrating a tail thrust and there developed a decided separation between the speck of thing and the trace or tail. In the general area of the point, Dr. [redacted] said then observed the silhouette of a conventional aircraft going in the opposite direction and descending closer to their position than the thing.

He said the "yellow thing" had an upper part much like the top of a sphere, while the lower part was rather lever or flat.

Dr. [redacted] stated that he and his wife observed the above circumstances for a full six minutes in a clear sky from about 6:00 to 6:06 PM [date partially obscured]. He and his wife are reasonably intelligent persons and are well-known. He added that both he and his wife are at the conclusion they observed a "Flying Saucer".

It is recommended that the above be furnished to the appropriate military agency at Detroit.


- page 3 -

25D 24-118, Dept of AF, 16 Feb 59, Subj: Unidentified Flying Object

DO                                                                      25 FEB 1959
1st Ind

Headquarters Selfridge Air Force Base & 1st Fighter Wing (Air Defense),
Selfridge Air Force Base, Michigan

TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio

1. The enclosed UFO report is submitted for your information
and appropriate action in compliance with paragraph 14b, AFR 200-2.

2. The investigation required by paragraph 4b, AFR 200-2
was not conducted by this organization, due to the completeness of
the enclosure.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

1 Incl:
n/c                                                P. B. CLANCY
                                                   Major, USAF
                                                   Administrative Officer

2


- page 4 -

