PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
12 Jan 59

2. LOCATION
Dryden, Washington

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
0920
GMT 12/17202

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual
☐Air-Visual
☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
60 Secs

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
East

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Large silver obj, hanging motionless, round as a silver dollar and about the same size. Obj started moving East, and in about 60 secs was the size of a pinhead.

11. COMMENTS
Witness own conclusion of what he had observed was a flying saucer. "There is a magnetic brain" "This magnet brain can pick up a person's mind" "A few secs after one is spotted the M.B. warns the pilot that it is under observation."

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown


- page 1 -

Dryden, Washington,
Jan. 18th 1959

U.S. Qualified:
Dayton, Ohio

Sirs:

I have a flying saucer story to tell you. Last Monday, Jan. 12th, 9:20 a.m., I spotted a large silver object.

Victorhaven about. One mile west of Crossbreeze, Wash. It was so round and so bright of appearance. (As it was to miles East of me) and around 15 or 16,000 feet high.

When I first spotted it, it seemed to please Kansas!

South - 15 alt. 40 seconds.

I watched it for about 40 seconds. It was moving East then I noticed it was moving East. In about 60 seconds it went out to a Pin head. When it went out


- page 2 -

Wash.
Chelan County
Feb. 16th 58

Lawrence J. Tacker
USAF - U.S.A.F.

Dear Sir:

This object I saw, Jan. 12th at 9:30 A.M. was straight East of you. When it started moving, it went East. This did'nt give me a chance to estimate the speed. But from its size: before it started, and the size it decreased down to: When it disappeared. In 60. seconds. Was traveling at great speed.

Proof it was traveling at Roswel. If people wonder why they see Roswel and pleased to come down for a look see. You could at was a ship with 200,000 M.P.H. You could at


- page 3 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

4 February 1959

Dear [redacted]

The Air Force appreciates your interest and effort in reporting your sighting. Citizens such as you have assisted to a very large degree the cataloguing by the Air Force of the many unidentified flying objects sighted over the past eleven and a half years. To assist the Air Force with the cataloguing of your sighting, please complete the enclosed questionnaire and forward it directly to:

Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Attn: AFCIN-62A
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

It is understandable that sometimes during the stress of excitement we might experience some detail completely out of proportion, but when given subsequent consideration, under calm circumstances, we may see this detail in its true perspective. You reported in your letter that the object was approximately the size of a half dollar; if this is true, then at four miles the object is closer to 1000 feet in diameter than the 50 or 60 you estimate. Further, if your original estimate of size is correct and this object decreased from you in 60 seconds until it was the size of a pin head, it would have covered approximately 60 miles in the minute, than the 7 miles estimated in your letter. It will be very helpful during analysis of this sighting if you would elaborate on this information when you complete the questionnaire.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Incl


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

9 night alone the clouds. 9 quickly it traveled around 7 miles in 60 seconds.

The clouds were drifting north at this time. the object: west east.

I have heard many reports of people seeing this type. many times the flying is still, yet moving. but a few seconds off it is spotted. more. this happened in my car.

Now I have come to the conclusion: that can pitch go in a magnetic beam; that can record after our a grand mind. a few words do pilot; is spotted: the M.B.

That it made observation.
At this time there were no jet planes in the sky. it would be impossible to smack one. and with a hearing aid.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Cruel hear of Jt. Jeans, 50 mile away-
and tell the direction as to 2f's Assigned. 2nd

This object would height to height a 60
feet. So. Diameter to look 50 ft. high at the

You can contact some place of some
the Corps to learn if was been of some

Which I seen was 70 ft. optical there at
I seen at seal McCoy

[Note: Some parts of the text are difficult to read with complete certainty due to the handwritten and somewhat blurry nature of the document. I have transcribed what I could make out as accurately as possible.]


- page 6 -

Flying Saucers: Won't use Field: They extract
Electricity from the Air: Creating a Magnetic Pull
Forward. It's a long story - I know for a fact,
Earth man is 100 years
Including Special Science.
One thing I know you, for Sure: Some
One is keeping an eye on the U.S.A.

Yours Truly-

[Note: The last part of the document contains a blacked-out signature area]


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can see in the image:

90° Zenith

225 SW
270 W
315 NW

180 S
135 SE
90 E
45 NE
0 N

The image appears to be a diagram of a celestial sphere or sky map, with a horizon line showing a stylized cityscape or landscape at the bottom, and gridlines representing different angular measurements and directions.


- page 8 -

