PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
11 Oct 59

2. LOCATION
Eastbourne, England

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local    17:25
GMT      11/1245Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Visual ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes ☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 Secs

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
West

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj rnd in shape when first seen, changed to shape of kite as it moved to West, size of dim, alum color, speed estimated to be between 2000 and 5000 MPH, alt of 20-40 miles. Disappeared into the sunset.

11. COMMENTS
Due to lateness of spt, and location of the sighting, it is impractical to investigate this sighting further. Lack of necessary data precludes a valid conclusion.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☒ Other
   Insufficient Data for Evaluation
   Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

APPENDICES                   257

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
    34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)           34.2 WIND (Circle One)
    1. Clear sky                        1. No wind
    2. Partly cloudy                    2. Slight breeze
    3. Scattered clouds                 3. Strong wind
    4. Thick or heavy clouds            4. Don't remember
    5. Don't remember

    34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)           34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
    1. Dry                              1. Cold
    2. Wet, mist, or light rain         2. Warm
    3. Moderate or heavy rain           3. Hot
    4. Don't remember                   4. Don't remember

35. When did you report or come official that you had seen the object?
    Day                 Month                Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
    (Circle One)        Yes        No
    36.1 If you answered YES, did they also see the object too?
    (Circle One)        Yes        No

    Illegible handwritten notes appear on the right side of the page.

37. Was this the first time you had seen an object or something like this?
    (Circle One)        Yes        No
    37.1 If you answered YES, then where, and under what circumstances?
    Illegible handwritten text

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
    Handwritten text reads: "Satellite in orbit."


- page 2 -

25/2/54

AF
Eastbourne,
Sussex,
England,

To ATIC
for possible
evaluation

N. Eastbourne,
England,


- page 3 -

one step more west first it more very ship
t real just and lifted away like a jet splendid st
second long flying round & flying over San Diego
california. And the second flying saucer with
to they owned home on another world or one
world or another planet which they live in

May 23, 1960
Time 3:00 a.m. Sunday morning
San Diego 2, California, sighting object in the
sky over San Diego California sport by
[illegible text] object go & come color of obj
[illegible text] silver street. South, Southwest
the flying object saw and have a picture of
which I take in Elk, Nevada on Calif
The End

G.O.C Observer


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

San Diego, California
September 10, 1959

I saw a flying saucer in the sky on Oct. 10-11, 1959 at the time of 2:00 A.m. I believe all the color in the world and let us come to earth. I believe they or a people who whom live in the another world, they are like you and me. The flying saucer it have a oval + the round bottom, the base of it is oval the edge of it is a red + yellow. It is sending message to another ship in the area. I believe I saw sleak wave from the top of the ship was on the ship. The flying device in the sky + it also level + have a pole on the top of it. The pole is green + I sat on the top the pole.

October 12, 1959
Flying saucer on October 12, 1959 in Elko several the time is 3:30 A.m. from a window my boy brother home on Walconde Street October 10-11, 1959 another Flying saucer in the sky on October 59 the time was 2:00 A.m. at turn all the color the clear + it is came down + I saw it have vel top + the round bottom, the base of it is open the top of it is red + yellow the ship have pole which is level on the top of it. I believe real ship from another world!

March 23, 1960
At the time of 10:30 p.m. our other flying saucer one from Pico, California


- page 5 -

San Diego 2, California

Dear [redacted]

It was nice to hear from you again. Naturally the Air Force is particularly interested in identifying say flying objects that appear in the air space over the United States or its possessions. I was interested in your description of these objects (whatever they may be) as observed by you on several occasions. Unfortunately, the detail in the photographs is so small that we may experience some difficulty in obtaining further information on the object. However, I wish to assure you that your photographs and report have been forwarded to the Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, where it will be studied carefully and compared with other reports on unidentified flying objects recently by the agency.

Again, let me repeat how pleasant it was to hear from you. Your continued support in matters of interest to the Air Force is deeply appreciated.

Sincerely,

HAROLD W. GRANT
Major General, USAF
Director of Telecommunications


- page 6 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

19 OCT 1960

Major General Charles B. Dougher
Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear General Dougher:

Attached hereto is a photograph purporting to be that of an Unidentifiable Flying Object. Also enclosed is the observer's report. The individual involved is an elderly gentleman who has been active as a civilian air defense observer for some time.

My note thanking [redacted] for his photograph and report is also enclosed herewith.

Sincerely,

HAROLD W. GRANT
Major General, USAF
Director of Telecommunications

2 Atch
1. Photo and report
2. Cy ltr to [redacted]


- page 7 -

page (1)

San Diego 2, Calif.
October 28, 1960

Colonel W. Grant
Major General, U.S.A.F.
Director of Telecommunications

Major General Grant sir:

I received your letter due and
you will the photograph is
so small that you may
experience some difficulty in
obtaining further information
on the object.

Cos, please >


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

page 6

Sir I have a big photograph
of it and the negative of
the photograph.

Yes, if you wanted the
negative Sir will you come
to my own home and take
some of your impost time
to talk to me about the
photograph and not like to
me about it is in the photograph
you could take the negative
on the terms I ask for.

The letter I have wrote was not
- - - in your own
- - - So I am not asked
for a big time talking it up.
very please etc:

Note: There are some partially illegible words in the text, which I have indicated with dashes (-).


- page 9 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

page (3)

would you come here to
[partially illegible line]
one.

Sincerely,

[name redacted]

Thank you for the
nice letter I received from you.


- page 10 -

AFCIN-L82x

Request for Photoanalysis

23 October 1960

AFCIN-L4Blue:

1. Attached is a photograph of an alleged UFO with a copy of accompanying letter from ______ dated 10 September 1960. Also attached are two photographs of alleged UFO's with a copy dated 29 September 1960.

2. Request photoanalysis be made of these photographs.

RICHARD R. SHOOP
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-L52

2 Atch:
1. Cy ltr 19 Sep 60, fr
2. Cy ltr 29 Sep 60, fr


- page 11 -

This Case Includes

ONE (1) 4" x 5" photo.


- page 12 -

1st Ind (AFCIN-4D4a)                                   15 November 1960

TO:   AFCIN-452x

1.   A positive identification of the objects which appear in these three photo prints is not possible with the limited information furnished.

2.   It is suggested that the negatives of these photographs be obtained from the sources if possible, and also that more details concerning the conditions under which the pictures were taken be given. Were pictures taken through a window glass?   Inside a building?   Were the inside lights on?   Were they taken from an automobile?

3.   The two photographs dated 26 Sep 60 show three images which cannot be explained from photo analysis. It is stated in the letter dated 29 Sep 60 that the diameter of these objects is about 15 meters and focused on infinity. The objects are out of focus when viewed, which means that they are very small and close to the camera or moving very rapidly. It is possible that either the negatives or original print could be retouched since the intensity of the dark objects is much greater than the other dark areas on these prints.

WILBER PRICE, JR.                                                2 Atch
Chief, AFCIN-4D4                                                 D/c


- page 13 -

San Diego 2, California

Dear [redacted]

General Grant received your letter of 28 October upon his return from an extended trip to the Far East. Immediately thereafter it was necessary for him to depart for Great Britain where he is at the present time. Prior to leaving General Grant asked that I reply to your recent note and advise you that his schedule is such that it would be impossible for him to state when he might visit with you in San Diego.

Furthermore, since the responsibility for investigating reports of unidentified flying objects is vested in the Air Technical Intelligence Center, he feels that it would be more appropriate to pass your request to the Center for further action.

Accordingly, I have this date passed your letter to the Commander of the Center who has already received your original photograph as General Grant indicated in his letter of 19 October to you.

Again, on behalf of General Grant, let me express our appreciation for your continued interest in Air Force matters.

Sincerely,

JOHN E. MORRISON, JR.
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Policy & Objectives Division
Directorate of Telecommunications


- page 14 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:   AFOAC

SUBJECT:   Unidentified Flying Object

TO:        Commander
           Air Technical Intelligence Center
           Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference is made to 19 October 1960 letter from Major General Harold W. Grant, Director of Telecommunications, including a photograph of an unidentified flying object submitted by _______ dated 28 October 1960, in which he offers to provide the Air Force with the negative of the above photograph.

2. Request your organization take such action as may be deemed appropriate.

FOR THE CHIEF OF STAFF:

JOHN E. MORRISON, JR.
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Policy & Objectives Division
Directorate of Telecommunications

2 Atchs
1. Ltr fr
2. Cy ltr to


- page 15 -

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-1422x

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: SAFOI-3d (L/Col Tucker)

1. A photograph of an alleged UFO was forwarded to ATIC for analysis by W/Gen Harold W. Grant, Director of Telecommunications, who had received it from the witness, [redacted].

2. [Redacted] has now offered to provide the original negative of the photograph previously sent in. Request forward the negative to ATIC, Attn: AFCIN-1422x, plus the following information:

a. Type and name of camera.
b. Shutter speed used.
c. Lens opening ("f" stop) used.
d. How was camera held?
e. Direction camera was pointed.
f. Time and date the photograph was taken.
g. Was the photograph taken from inside a building?

3. Attached are copies of the letters from [redacted] to General Grant.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

2 Atchs:
1. Cy ltr 10 Sep 60
sgnd
2. Cy ltr 23 Oct 60
sgnd

20 DEC 1960


- page 16 -

SAFOI-34/Tracker/mmb/72931

23 December 1960

Dear [redacted]:

Your letters of 10 September and 28 October 1960 sent to Major General Harold W. Grant have been referred to this office.

In regard to the photograph of the alleged unidentified flying object which you possess, will you please submit the original negative of this photograph to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio with the following information: type and name of camera; shutter speed used; how was camera held; lens opening ("f") stop; used; time and date the photograph was taken, and was the photograph taken from inside a building?

The results of the analysis and/or evaluation will be sent to you as soon as completed, and the original negative will be returned at that time.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

San Diego 2, California

Comeback OI-34
Reader OI-1


- page 17 -

APPENDIX III                                                Form A

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force a detailed account of the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please give all the information you can. The information will be used for research and analysis. Your cooperation is essential in helping to solve this problem. If you are unable to answer all questions, give as much information as possible. We request this personal information in confidence. We desire your permission to publish this report or parts of it.

1. When did you see the object?
Day 15    Month 10    Year 59

2. Time of day?
(Circle One)   A.M. or P.M.

3. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nationality BRITISH    City or Town EASTBOURNE    State or County SUSSEX    Country ENGLAND

4. Estimate how long you saw the object?
Hours    Minutes 30    Seconds

5. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle Only)
1. Clear    2. Partly cloudy    3. Cloudy    4. Not very sure    5. Don't remember

6. If in daylight, was it:
(Circle Only)
1. Bright daylight    2. Hazy daylight    3. In shade of daylight    4. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, DAWN, where was the
(Circle Only)
1. In front of you    2. Behind you    3. To your right    4. To your left    5. Overhead    6. Don't remember

Page number: 245


- page 18 -

APPENDICES

240

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, when did you see:
8.1 STARS (Circle One)   8.2 MOON (Circle One)
a. Bright   a. Bright
b. Dim   b. Bright
c. Don't remember   c. No moonlight
d. Dark   d. No moonlight dark

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the day?
(Circle One)   a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was this brightness like this or not?
(Circle One)   a. As bright or brighter   b. Less bright   c. Don't know

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?   (Circle One for each question)   Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly move up and rush away at any time?
c. Give off smoke?
d. Change color?
e. Sparkle?
f. Flicker, shine, or pulsate?

12. Did it move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know   If yes, answer these:
a. What it moved behind:
b. Did it then tell:

13. Did the object move from/something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know   If yes, answer these:
a. What it moved from:
b. Did it then tell:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle Only)   a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Don't know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sunglasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Windshield   Yes   No   e. Telescope   Yes   No
                           f. Binoculars   Yes   No


- page 19 -

APPENDICES                247

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: ___________
    b. Color: Yellowish-white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and indicate
    in your picture any details of the object that you saw such as wing, protuberances,
    trail, etc. If you saw more than one object, draw each one separately and show their
    relative arrangement of flight, etc.

    [Hand-drawn sketch includes:
    - A circle labeled "Shape of UFO"
    - A teardrop or oval shape labeled "Shaped like ufo at distance, looking edgewise"]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):  a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Like a bright rim
                   c. Sharply outlined
                   d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow showing the direction
    they were moving.

    [A hand-drawn curved line is present]

Page 2


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

248                APPENDICES                                Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place
    an "X" at the beginning of the path. If the path is a line, show by arrow which
    way the object was moving during this course.

21. If POSSIBLE, try to give or estimate what the real size of the object was in its
    longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following
    objects in the sky (Circle One):
    a. Head of a pin                                   a. Silver dollar
    b. Marble                                          b. Dime
    c. Quarter                                         c. Basketball
    d. Half-dollar                                     d. Other

23. Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to
    these questions:                                   a. Not very sure
                                                       b. Fairly certain
                                                       c. Certain

24. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

25. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would
    appreciate it if you would make a rough sketch of the object or objects. If you can
    type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it
    be? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed
    alongside would look about the same size and shape as the object or objects you saw.

Handwritten notes at bottom appear to include: "19-20 ft. in Dia." and "Kite"


- page 21 -

APPENDICES

Page 249

The image shows a portion of a form with multiple numbered questions, including sections about location, time, movement, direction, and other details. Some of the questions are partially filled out, but the handwritten text is difficult to read clearly. The form appears to be part of a questionnaire related to an observation or incident.

The visible questions include:
25. Where were you located?
26. Were you...?
27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object?
28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE...
29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object?
31. If you saw familiar or unfamiliar aircraft, etc., to estimate the...
31.1 When it first appeared
31.2 When it disappeared


- page 22 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

250    APPENDICES

Page 6

22. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the position where the object was first seen, and a "B" on the position where it was last seen. Draw an arrow to show the direction of movement. Note how high in the sky the object was above the horizon (give angle).

23. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was first seen. First locate the point "A" in position relative to the landscape. Then draw the object as it appeared to you. Indicate its shape, its apparent size, and any other details you can recall.

The page contains three sketches/diagrams illustrating these instructions for reporting a UFO sighting.


- page 23 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

253    APPENDICES

Page 9

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    No    2-5 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far from you the object was?
(Circle One)    No    25-40 High

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
Street                City                Zone            State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
When is your present job?    Sea Engineer
Are you:    Technical school gaining

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:    25    Oct    59    Year


- page 24 -

