1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 8-9 October 59 2300Z

2. LOCATION: Mobile, Alabama

3. SOURCE: Civilian

10. CONCLUSION: Natural Objects

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Orbit upon in 6 minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observations of object orbiting the moon at an average of every 6 minutes during October and November 59. Report submitted in 1955.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Immund-Visual (TV)

Observing moon under observation by astronomers during this period failed to substantiate presence of orbiting object or objects circling the moon. It is believed that some other object or objects sighted was part of the telescopes of the observer or this period such as debris in the mind, y.e., birds, leaves, dust, and that these were natural phenomena occurring on objects.

7. COURSE: East around Moon

8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes [X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [ ] Yes [X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 53 O-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: FTDSW

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information, [redacted]                    21 Apr 65

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI-CC (Mr. [redacted])
    Wash D C 20330

1. Reference the attached letter from [redacted] requesting information on unidentified flying object observed by himself and a friend of his from 8 Oct - 9 Nov 59.

2. No object such as described by them has been reported in any of the scientific literature associated with studies of the moon. Possibly that the Smithsonian Institute estimated their speed as 70,000 mph, assuming a certain altitude above the moon surface, in which case, a computed speed would now be possible. Copies of your reported observation have been forwarded to Dr J Allen Hynek, Astronomical Consultant to Project Blue Book. To our knowledge no other report of this nature has been received by Project Blue Book. We are returning the cards, belonging to [redacted], as requested.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[handwritten signature]
Brig Gen JONCKHECKZ, maj.
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

2 Atchs
a/s

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 2 -

[handwritten: April 5, 1965]

[handwritten: John P. Spaulding
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations
Office of Information]

Sir:

[handwritten: I want to thank you for the copy of Blue Book Report which I requested. However, I noticed on page 5 last paragraph that all related reports were no longer in your possession. The purpose of my inquiry is to find out if on July 8 and/or a clue filed of mine saw from October 8, 1959 – December 7, 1959 and researched. If are both amateur astronomers and have many copies of our sightings during these 33 days. I realize that this was almost six years ago but my friend and I felt it this object should have been reported. Our reasons at not reporting it]

- page 3 -

[handwritten: there are numerous but this object was reported it was circumstances and i can clear story a great deal more information as i do at 1950 owe was to the smithsonian institute and related to them or. be his of action le may about they replied that for a 6 month at us a two 91, our smile be here. evenally they did not serve us seriously for in both parts School and miss us sent have word mate and physies and women sure to know that it woted to immediatly to obtain a red woded having a shorter. i had said many various types of position situ orbits and each us at difficult that a set odten e us reported to obtain, only a long interval. i had enclosed on of our cases of our results on 315 cards. i call you yen attentions to has had UFO's were reported in 59 and 2 is to my consideration 59 on the uandes i am certain of my fingers or i had many threats about he subject i would be made their belong to write and tugs a detailed account of my findings and theories on the are found at of the atyect. i recalling that you quite is quite know and it associated your interest a is addad. this entire discovery was be of mre at begion in ]

- page 4 -

[handwritten: about three and a figure? I will go on leading you in anxiety and if your office are longer has the results of my warrant appreciate it very much if I could find out where I could obtain such information. As views of our moon program at present I had rather abdicated to request our findings - I see our fantastic as they were, they are true. Thank you for your time.]

Wilderness, respect

[redacted section]

University, Alabama

[redacted section]

Lt. Colonel John F. Spaulding
Chief, Civil Branch
Communications Division
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
Washington, D.C.

- page 5 -

FILE 8-9

PROPERTY OF [redacted]

THE OCCURENCE OF LUNAR 8                                    (1)
DATE: October 8 - November 9, 1959
PLACE OF OBSERVATION: Mobile, Alabama
October 8- satellite found orbiting moon by
[redacted]

TIME: Between 6:28 P.M.
Phase of moon: First Quarter (according to
world almanac of 1959)(exactly 1st Quarter)
DIRECTION: Satellite traveled West to East
(rim toward dark side)

(2)
The satellite passed over the crater
Copernicus on the way around, impossible to
determine whether the object or its shadow was
being observed. In either case the object appeared as large as the crater Copernicus(50
miles in diameter)
Average time of orbit was 6 minutes; time
varied slightly from one orbit to the next
The object was seen every night that was-

(3)
ther permitted for a period of 33 days
On November 9 the satellite either greatly
increased its speed or was pursued by another object of similar likeness as a double
image was seen. The object then disappeared
and has not been seen since.
A letter of inquiry to the Smithsonian Institute revealed they had not seen the object; however they said that such an object:

- page 6 -

(4)

would have to be traveling at 70,000 miles per hour and remote controlled. As I gave them only the time of orbit(I could compute nothing else), I am at a loss to understand their basis for this figure.

I confirmed [redacted] findings; the object was also seen by my parents.

I alone saw the satellite's disappearance; I did not see the double image of Nov. 3.

To date there is no indication of its origin
(9/4/64)

- page 7 -

