Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
21 Feb 59

2. LOCATION
Pennsylvania & Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 
GMT: 25/0914-59

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual
[X] Air-Visual
□ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

6. SOURCE
Civilian Airliner

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2

9. COURSE
[blank]

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Capt. [redacted] American Airlines pilot, two United Airlines pilots, Control tower operators at Pittsburgh air port, and ground observers near Akron, Ohio. Capt. on UAL flight near Youngstown, Ohio also witness the refueling.

11. COMMENTS
Verified as refueling operation.
B-47's being refueled by KC-97.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[X] Was Aircraft Refueling
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATCF FORM 329 (REV 29 SEP 59)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Note: The text is handwritten and somewhat difficult to read in parts, but I'll transcribe what I can discern:]

[First line is partially illegible]

... mile
... population, etc. I slight
... almost a straight line projection
... close under, do reserve as watching
... possible slight effort not to vary
in ... distance for the others. Like
lights would have a slight variation
in intensity. Of course get
out population, the lights would
disappear and suppress. Of course
was again halfway between
population and Cleveland lights
total of one disappear. Perhaps
reserve, great. 20 minutes
... together.


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Capt.

Pilots. Lower scan it
Caldwell Felt 321.

Also 8 other individuals
Spares to

Capt. Advised to pilot
on felt 3.21 over radio
about the staff officer

Note: Some parts of the text are obscured by black redaction marks, so I have only transcribed the legible text.


- page 3 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

NAME OR TITLE: Major L. J. Tucker
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: SAFIS-3 OSAF

REMARKS:
Larry- In line with what Major Friend told you today (11 March), it appears from preliminary reports that the Pennsylvania sightings of 24 February were caused by refueling operations of 3 B-47 aircraft. I believe Major Friend is dispatching to you today a report on that. With respect to his other questions- we have no report of a sighting in the Olean area on 25 February. On the 5:30 sighting over Michigan on 24 February, it appears to have been a meteor and some press reports so indicated.

With reference to the North Carolina case, we know nothing of it, and the statement that the TV engineer was quizzed by ATIC personnel is totally false. I suppose the rest of his information is just about as credible. It might be a good idea to ask him to furnish the names of those who did the quizzing.

FROM NAME OR TITLE: Ted Hisatt
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: AFCIN-4X3
DATE: 11 March 59
TELEPHONE: 55266


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

EXTRACT

Headquarters
AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
United States Air Force
Lowry Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado

2 February 1959

GENERAL ORDERS)
NUMBER    8)

RESCISSION OF GENERAL ORDER, ASSIGNMENT OF GEOGRAPHICAL AREAS OF OCMANDS . . . . . . . I
* * *

II. ASSIGNMENT OF GEOGRAPHICAL AREAS OF COMMANDS-L.

Assignment is made of the geographical boundaries of commands indicated, effective 1 January 1959. The verbal orders of the Commander on 1 January 1959 are confirmed.

a. 26th Air Division (SAC). That geographical area beginning at 33 degrees 30 minutes north, 70 degrees 00 minutes west; thence northwest to 37 degrees 00 minutes north, 81 degrees 00 minutes west; thence southwest to 39 degrees 15 minutes north, 82 degrees 00 minutes west; thence northwest to 30 degrees 45 minutes north, 80 degrees 30 minutes west; thence north to the United States-Canada International Boundary along a point to the boundary at 44 degrees 56 minutes north, 67 degrees 00 minutes west; thence along the United States-Canada International Boundary to 44 degrees 30 minutes north, 67 degrees 07 minutes west; thence to 44 degrees 30 minutes north, 66 degrees 45 minutes west; thence southeast to 43 degrees 30 minutes north, 67 degrees 00 minutes west; thence east to 43 degrees 30 minutes north, 53 degrees 00 minutes west and including that area eastward to the limit of radar surveillance and control of fighter interceptor capability adjacent to the Eastern seaboard.

* * * *

Headquarters                                 JARED W CRABB
GENERAL                                      Major General, USAF
A. R. Defense Command                        Chief of Staff

EDMUND B SOLBERG
Captain, USAF
Assistant Director of
Administrative Services

D. JOINT TECH:
"B"

This is a certified true copy [signature]


- page 5 -

HEADQUARTERS
26TH AIR DIVISION (SAGE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
SYRACUSE AIR FORCE STATION
SYRACUSE, NEW YORK

8 APR 1959

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Reports.

TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. Reference is made to a recent Associated Press news story concerning the 24 February UFOB sighting over Pennsylvania by an American Airlines crew and passengers. According to the press item, the Air Force announced that it is investigating the lights of a B-47/RB-47 refueling operation. It is requested that copies of original and follow-up reports, with evaluation of this sighting, be forwarded to this headquarters for the purpose of completing UFOB files, and determining why the original reporting agency did not send a copy of the report to this headquarters in accordance with paragraph 14(2), AFR 200-2.

2. It is further requested that a copy of any UFOB report of a sighting within or close to the boundaries of this command be sent to this headquarters, as the report does not show this headquarters as an addressee as required by paragraph 14(a) AFR 200-2.

3. This headquarters requests a copy of ATC preliminary and final evaluations of each UFOB related to the geographical area mentioned above.

4. Summaries of the 26th Air Division are enclosed for information (Inclosure 1).

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
L. JONES, Lt. Col., USAF
Director of Administrative Services

1 Incl:
1. Extract of SOP 11, 1 Feb 59


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

CO SHEET                                                      SUSPENSE

Pennsylvania UFO Sighting (Airlines)

ROUTING
(Routing table with multiple columns for tracking document movement, mostly blank)

TO:    SAFIS-3, ATTN: Maj. Tucker
FROM:  AFOIN-LB

DATE: 13 March 1959
COMMENT NO.: 1

COMMENTS:

1. This is the same sighting reported by Capt. [redacted] of American Airlines. The ATIC conclusion that the lights probably resulted from a B-47 refueling operation was forwarded to your office on 11 March 1959.

2. Capt. [redacted] reported that he sighted the objects approximately 50 miles east of Youngstown, Ohio at 2010 hours. Mr. [redacted] reports witnesses sighting objects over Akron, Ohio at approximately 2115 hours. The tankers had a ground speed of approximately 200-210 knots and the distance from the point of Capt. [redacted] sighting to Akron is approximately 110-120 miles. This could account for the lights being over Akron at 2115.

3. Unfortunately a Mr. [redacted], who is a member of the Unidentified Flying Objects Research Committee, interviewed Capt. [redacted] and has probably sifted some of the facts of this sighting. You probably remember the experience we had with this organization in connection with the Lake case.

[Signature]
H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-LB

1 Incl:
Ltr dtd 6 Mar 59


- page 7 -

19 March 1959

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is to acknowledge your letter of 6 March 1959 concerning the American Airlines pilot's sighting of 24 February near Bradford, Pennsylvania. In addition, two United Airlines pilots saw unidentified flying objects in the same general geographical area.

The geographical area concerned is bordered on the north along the New York-Pennsylvania border (near Bradford, Pennsylvania and Olean, New York) on the route of American Airlines Flight No. 139 departing Newark, New Jersey, at 7:10 p.m. and arriving Detroit, Michigan, at 10:52 p.m. On the south, this geographical area is bordered by the Pittsburg, Pennsylvania-Akron-Youngstown, Ohio, local over-flow by the United Airlines flights reporting this sighting.

The American Airlines pilot said "sometimes the interval of the three lights were identical to the Belt in the constellation Orion." This was initially mentioned as a possible solution by the Air Force with the qualifying statement that the report as submitted had not yet been analyzed and that the findings of ATIC would be based upon a complete analysis and evaluation of the written report to be submitted. The pilot's report also suggested the possibility that he had witnessed a night aerial refueling operation.

Upon analysis and evaluation, this sighting turned out to be B-47 type aircraft accomplishing night refueling from KC-97 tankers. The American Airlines pilot's report of the sighting confirmed this and Air Force records show that three B-47 type aircraft were in the geographical area mentioned above on a night refueling operation. The tanker has several groups of lights which at a distance would appear to be one or more lights. The time duration of a refueling operation varies, can last well over an hour, depending on the type of operation. The KC-97 refueling a B-47 will fly at an altitude of approximately 17,000 feet at around 230 knots true air speed (ground speed 210 knots). This would account for the

[Note: The last line appears to be cut off]


- page 8 -

lights being approximately 30 degrees above the American Airlines pilot's horizon and his seeing them for 40 minutes. This coincides with the pilot's report of low speed and configuration of objects.

Your letter also supports this conclusion. The tankers had a ground speed of approximately 210 knots and the United Airlines pilots' reported sighting it at 8:45 p.m., 50 miles east of Youngstown, Ohio, approximately 120 miles from Akron, Ohio. This would account for the tanker aircraft's lights being sighted over Akron at 9:15 p.m. by ground observers.

These findings were made available to all media representatives through the Department of Defense press desk in Washington, D.C., on 16 March 1959. The Air Force is well aware of its obligation to keep the public adequately informed and this subject and press releases are made periodically through the Department of Defense.

For your information, I am inclosing the latest Department of Defense press release on unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

[Recipient's address is blacked out, with "Akron 13, Ohio" visible]


- page 9 -

The Unidentified Flying Objects Research Committee

March 6, 1959

Major Lawrence J. Tacker
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear Major Tacker:

On the evening of 24 February 1959 an American Airlines DC 6 was followed for many miles across northern Ohio and finally to Detroit by three unidentified flying objects. All the crew members and also the passengers saw the UFOs. The reported objects were star-like, three in number, and kept changing position relative to each other. The Captain of the American DC 6 stated that the UFOs definitely were not the belt stars in the constellation Orion.

I mention a few details in this sighting because a few Akron radio stations have announced that the Air Force has explained the objects seen as the stars in the belt stars in the constellation Orion. Has the Air Force released a definite explanation for this sighting?

Our committee has on file the facts that two other commercial aircraft in the Akron area also saw the three lights. These were both United Airlines flights, and both aircraft were radio communication with each other concerning the sighting. We also have on file a number of creditable observers on the ground in the Akron area that saw the three lights pass over flying west at 9:15 P.M. This time coincides perfectly with the sighting of the three lights by the commercial airlines.

If the Air Force has explained these sightings as the belt stars in the constellation Orion, I ask you for an explanation of how this is possible. Because of the facts mentioned above, which have been verified, the three lights could not have been stars and will not release there reasons for these conclusions, we will be forced to contact the proper authorities to see that the Air Force explanation is investigated.

Sincerely,
UFO Research Committee


- page 10 -

HEADQUARTERS
2620 AIR BASE GROUP
United States Air Force
Greater Pittsburgh Airport
Coraopolis, Pennsylvania

PO

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. In reference to telephone call received from Sgt Molieu, your headquarters, at 0320 hours, 2 March 1959, concerning three unidentified lights sighted by the tower operators here at Greater Pittsburgh Airport at approximately 0140:2, 25 February 1959, the following information is submitted.

2. The tower operators on duty at the time of the sighting reported that three lights were observed, an immediate check with three closed there were three B-47s in the area at the time on a night refueling mission. The tower operators made no report due to the fact there was nothing unusual to report. Furthermore, no statements were made to the newspapers.

3. The names of the tower operators would not be given by the control tower supervisor because he did not want the personnel concerned involved in an investigation.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
WILLIAM D. HOSTLER
Captain, USAF
Administrative Officer


- page 11 -

14 February 1959 - over Pennsylvania:

This sighting first came to the attention of the ATIC through a UPI press release.

The American Airlines office at Bowling, Michigan was contacted to determine if a report was made to the airlines officials. Captain [blacked out], the source, had not made a report. The airlines official contacted he would obtain a report from Captain [blacked out] and forward it to the ATIC.

A United Airlines pilot, Captain [blacked out] was also reported to have seen the objects. A call was put through to the United Airlines office at Akron-Canton airport, Ohio. The following is a summary of the information given to the United Airlines office by Captain [blacked out]:

"When observed were 10 miles East of Youngstown, Ohio, 3 lights in almost a straight line formation were observed. As observers watched, the middle light appeared to vary in its distance to the others. The lights had a slight variation in intensity. As observed got past Youngstown the lights were irregular and jagged. As dawn was approximately halfway between Youngstown and Cleveland, the lights moved off and disappeared. They were observed for approximately 20 minutes.


- page 12 -

American Airlines, Inc.
Flight 139 - February 24, 1959
Captain [redacted]

Departing Newark 1910 arriving Detroit 2252.

It was approximately 2045 I noticed these three lights off my left wing in the vicinity of Bradford, Pennsylvania. I was flying 3,500 VFR on top of broken clouds. Visibility was unlimited with no upper clouds observed. It was extremely difficult to ascertain the distance of the lights. The color of the lights were from a yellow to a light orange. The intensity of the lights also changed from dim to a bright brilliant. Sometimes the interval of the three lights were identical to the Belt in the constellation Orion. Occasionally the rear lights lagged somewhat behind. Also changed altitudes. During the 40 minutes of observation, the three lights occasionally came forward from a 9 o'clock position to a 11 o'clock position and then fell back to the original 9 o'clock position. Also occasionally the lights extinguished completely alternating from one to another, sometimes the whole three were extinguished and during this whole operation, as I mentioned before, the lights changed in intensity. This action was not only seen by myself but four crew members and passengers on board and also by two other airplanes in the area.

The only possible explanation other than flying saucers could be a jet tanker refueling operation. Never having witnessed refueling operation at night, I am not aware of the lighting of the jet tanker.

My air speed during this complete flight was 250 knots indicated. I also do not know the air speed of tankers during operation if this could be so. I contacted ATC to find out if they had any airplanes on a clearance and no three airplanes were given.

In summary, it was difficult for me to believe they were jets because of low speed and configuration. If they weren't jets I still don't know any more than I did before.


- page 13 -

before, even though I watched them for 40 minutes before. Due to the dark and strong lights I was not able to ascertain any size or shape. The altitude of the objects was 30° above my horizon. Distance away is unknown.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

A A
AMERICAN AIRLINES

March 4, 1959

Commander Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Attn: ADOIN 4E 4

Gentlemen:

As requested by telephone on February 25, 1959, I am attaching statement from our Captain regarding objects sighted on his flight 139 of February 24, 1959.

Very truly yours,
AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC.
Manager of Operations


- page 15 -

HEADQUARTERS
2500TH AIR BASE WING
MITCHELL AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: OP

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Sighting

TO: ATIC
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio

1. The following information is furnished in reply to your message, AFCIN-4E4G-8-1592-E, dated 5 August 1959.

a. Attached is a statement prepared by Captain describing the incident. This statement was made shortly after the incident occurred and was obtained from the Public Relations Department of American Airlines. It was felt that this statement would be more accurate since it was prepared when the incident was fresh in Captain's mind, rather than having him prepare a completely new statement at this time.

b. The following additional information was received by telephone interview with Captain. The flight had departed Newark and was on a VFR-direct course to Detroit. At approximately 2045 hours, at a location approximately one-half way between the Williamsport OMNI and the Bradford OMNI (Chart 18 USAF/USN Flight Information Publication Enroute-Low Altitude) Captain sighted three (3) lights at approximately nine o'clock to his aircraft. He was flying at 8500 feet in the clear above scattered cloud tops at 5500 feet. The top of the haze layer was at approximately 5500 feet. The pilot indicated that at his altitude it was clear and unlimited. The lights stayed off his left wing moving from the nine o'clock to the eleven o'clock position and back as he proceeded Westbound on Victor 116 until he reached a position in the vicinity of the Angler Intersection (Angler Intersection located on Chart 17 of the USAF/USN Flight Information Publication Low Altitude) where Victor 116 crosses Victor 5. In the vicinity of the Angler Intersection the lights turned toward the South and disappeared. At approximately this same time Captain started his let down for an approach to Detroit. During the period that the lights were visible Captain aircraft was on an approximate heading of 290 degrees. Immediately preceding the sighting Captain was in the left seat and was having dinner.


- page 16 -

The lights in the cockpit were turned low and he noticed the lights off the left wing by normal scanning of the area. He then turned the cockpit lights off while he continued to observe the sighting. His description of the lights was that they varied from a yellow to a light orange and each individual light was the approximate size of a quarter held at arm's length. The three (3) lights appeared to be in trail, echelon upward, at an angle of approximately thirty degrees with a distance between each individual light of about the space of ten (10) quarters held at arm's length. The number two light appeared to hold its position throughout the period of the sighting. The number three light was quite erratic and would drop back, gain altitude and then pull back into position. This occurred approximately ten times during the period of the sighting. Captain [redacted] indicated at times the number three light appeared to be dancing.

c. Captain [redacted] has been flying since approximately 1940. During the war he was a civilian flight instructor for approximately two and one-half years with the Navy. For the past fifteen and one-half years he has been flying for American Airlines. He has approximately 20,000 hours of flying time.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

R. F. WERKMEISTER
Major, USAF
Administrative Officer

1 Atch
Statement of [redacted]

2


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

[Top right corner stamps/markings: 4647, TCT 05/20/59, 97.8F]

PRECEDENCE: ROUTINE
TYPE MSG (Check): X
BOOK: AF
MULT/SINGLE: SINGLE

FROM: ATIC W-P AFB
TO: MITCHELL AFB, N.Y.

[Reference numbers: 9-CY-NY 1359, 8-15-92-E]

ATTN INTELLIGENCE OFFICER, REQUEST YOUR ORGANIZATION CONTACT
CAPT [redacted] AND CO-PILOT [redacted] OF AMERICAN AIRLINES, REGARDING
AN UFO SIGHTING MADE BY THEM ON 24 FEB 59. REQUEST AS MUCH
DETAILED INFO AS POSSIBLE BE FORWARDED TO THIS OFFICE.

COORDINATION:
AFCIN-LEA [signature] DATE 4 AUG 59
AFCIN-LEA [signature] DATE 8/24/59

[Bottom section]
SYMBOL: AFCIN-LEA
TYPED NAME AND TITLE: Major Robert J. Friend
PHONE: 69216
PAGE: 1
NO. OF PGS: 1

TYPED NAME AND TITLE: LOUIS J. HARRELL
CAPTAIN, USAF
ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

DATE: 30 JULY 1959
TIME: 1525

DD FORM 173 REPLACES DD FORM 173, 1 OCT 46, WHICH WILL BE USED UNTIL EXHAUSTED


- page 18 -

UFO Sighting by Capt. [redacted]

ANCHE-BAL, ANCHE, Capt. [redacted]                                   11 March 1959
ANCHE-BAL                                                             1

ANCHE-BAL/Maj Friend/ac/6216/Bldg 328 -

1. Reference telephone conversation between Capt. [redacted] and analysis of subject sighting and copy of Capt. [redacted] report is submitted.

2. Upon receiving an unofficial report of Capt. [redacted] sighting, the American Airlines office in Detroit was contacted. The captain had not made a written report and upon request of this Center, the Detroit office agreed to have Capt. [redacted] submit one.

3. In the meantime, another report of two United Airlines pilots sighting of the same lights near the Pittsburgh Airport were received and were reported to have made an observation of the lights. The 2253d Air Base Group at Greater Pittsburgh Airport was requested to investigate. The tower operators said there was nothing unusual as they didn't report it. However, a check was made with the 772nd AVRON at Claysburg, Pa. and it was determined three B-47's were in the area on a night refueling operation.

4. Capt. [redacted] description and that of the two United Airlines pilots coincide. All three observers were heading in a westerly direction and the lights were to their left.

5. A check was made with the aircraft support systems project office, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, to determine the characteristics of a night refueling operation.


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

operations. The tanker has several groups of lights which at a distance would appear to be one or more lights. The time duration of a refueling operation. The last well as an hour, depending on the type of operation. The KB-97 refueling a B-47 will fly at an altitude of approximately 17,000 feet at around 230 knots true. This would account for the lights being approximately 30 degrees above Capt. horizon and his sighting them for 10 minutes.

6. All evidence indicates Capt. probably saw a refueling operation.

1 Incl
Cy Fwd by
Capt.

N. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-14

Note: Some words are partially obscured or cut off at the edges of the document, so the text may not be complete in those areas.


- page 20 -

UFO Sighting by Capt. [redacted]

SATS-9, AFTN: Maj. Tucker                                   11 March 1959
AFCIN-4X                                                    2

AFM/Hq; Friend/GC/6-9216/Hig 828

1. This is a summary of the investigation and evaluation of a sighting made by [redacted] American Airlines pilot, and other individuals on the evening of February 1959.

2. Capt. [redacted] as well as two United Airlines pilots and control tower operators at Pittsburgh Airport, observed three lights in the night sky. The 2234 Base Group at Greater Pittsburgh Airport was requested to investigate. The [redacted] were asked to make a written manual so they didn't have it. However, a check was made with the 772nd ACRON at Claysburg, Pa. and it was determined three [redacted]'s were in the area on a night refueling operation. All observers description substantially the same, one of 14 lights.

3. A check was made with the Aircraft Support Systems Project Office, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, to determine the characteristics of a night refueling operation. The tanker has several groups of lights which at a distance could appear to be one or more lights. The time duration of a refueling operation varies, and last all over an hour, depending on the type of operation. The 1C-97 refueling a B-47 was approximately 17,000 feet at approximately 30 degrees above horizon and an altitude of approximately 30 degrees above Capt. [redacted] and his seeing them for 40 minutes.


- page 21 -

4. All evidence indicates the observers probably saw a refueling operation.

5. It is suggested that a letter of appreciation for Capt. [redacted] be addressed to the American Airlines New York Office. This letter should also contain a summary of the above evidence.

6. A copy of Capt. [redacted] report is enclosed for your information.

[Signature]
H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
ADIC-AE

[Handwritten notes]
Robert J. Friend, Maj
ARCIN Heg
11 March 57

H. T. Blegen
11 March 57
ARCIN 49F


- page 22 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

a Call was placed to the Base operations
at Shaler Pittsburgh airport, who was
requested to investigate. their reply was
received on 6 March 59. the tower operators
who were reported to have seen the three lights
on 24 February 59 was contacted and the following
information was received: the tower operators
saw the lights and immediately checked with
show G 8-473 in the area at the time on a night
refueling position mission.

on 9 March 59, the report from Captain
was received by the ATIC. his description
is essentially the same as the one given by
Captain

It might be noted that Captain states in his report that he has never witnessed
a night refueling operation yet


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM - CONTINUATION SHEET

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

FROM: ATIC

WERE THOSE USED BY A/C DURING REFUELING OPERATIONS.

COORDINATION:
AFCIN-4B     DATE: 10 MAR 59
Col Glaser

AFCIN-4B     DATE: 3/13/59
Col Gilbert

SYMBOL: AFCIN-4B4
PAGE NO: 2
NO. OF PAGES: 2
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

DD MAY 56 173-1


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

MAR 13 22 20 59
PRIORITY

ACTION: MAXIMUM PRIORITY
INFO
FROM: ATIC
TO: HQ., USAF, WASHINGTON, D. C., ATTN: AFCIN-LAI

/UNCLASSIFIED/FROM: AFCIN-LAI, 3-444-E

REF TELECON BETWEEN CAPT COPAS, AFCIN-LAI AND SGT BOLIEU, AFCIN-LAI,
10 MAR 59, CONCERNING AN UFO SIGHTING BY AIRLINE PILOT CAPT

THE FOLLOWING INFO IS SUBMITTED: CAPT WAS REQUESTED, THROUGH AMERICAN AIRLINES OFFICE IN DETROIT, TO MAKE A WRITTEN REPORT OF HIS SIGHTING TO THIS CENTER. CY OF THIS REPORT IS BEING FORWARDED TO YOUR OFFICE. UPON INVESTIGATION BY THE 2253D AB GP AT GREATER PITTSBURGH AIRPORT, IT WAS DISCLOSED THAT THREE B-47'S WERE IN THE AREA ON A NIGHT REFUELING OPERATION. DURING REFUELING OPERATION, THE B-47 AND KC-97 ARE FLYING AT APPROX 17,000 FT AT A SPEED OF APPROX 230 KNOTS. THIS WOULD ACCOUNT FOR THE LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED AND THE ALTITUDE GIVEN BY CAPT. THIS OFFICE IS OF THE OPINION THAT THE LIGHTS OBSERVED BY CAPT

DATE: 10 MONTH: MAR YEAR: 1959 TIME: 1220

SIGNATURE: [Signed by Major Robert J. Friend]

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

DD FORM 173 REPLACES DD FORM 173, 1 OCT 49, WHICH WILL BE USED UNTIL EXHAUSTED


- page 25 -

TAB

A   T/W's and Letters pertaining to evaluation of Sighting

B   2500th AEW Investigation

C   Statement to American Airlines dtd 24 Feb 59

D   Pittsburgh Airport Tower Operations Statement dtd 5 Mar 59

E   Letter dtd 6 Mar 59 and Reply (Akron Sightings)

F   Refueling Area Boundaries

G   Investigative Data

H   UFORC Report

I   News Articles and Extracts from UFO Publications


- page 26 -

UFO SIGHTING OVER PENNSYLVANIA
Captain
24 February 1959

Departing Newark 1910 arriving Detroit 2252.

It was approximately 2045 when I noticed these three lights off my left wing in the vicinity of Bradford, Pennsylvania. I was flying 8,500 VFR on top of broken clouds. Visibility was unlimited with no upper clouds observed. It was extremely difficult to ascertain the distance of the lights. The color of the lights was from a yellow to a light orange. The intensity of the lights also changed from dim to a bright brilliant. Sometimes the interval of the three lights was identical to the Belt in the constellation Orion. Occasionally the rear lights lagged somewhat behind. Also changed altitudes. During the 40 minutes of observation, the three lights occasionally came forward from a 9 o'clock position to an 11 o'clock position and then fell back to the original 9 o'clock position. Also, occasionally the lights extinguished completely and sometimes from one to another, sometimes the whole three were extinguished and during this whole operation, as I mentioned before, the lights changed in intensity. This action was not only seen by myself but four crew members and passengers on board and also by two other airplanes in the area.

The only possible explanation, other than flying saucers, could be a jet tanker refueling operation. Never having witnessed refueling operations at night, I am not aware of the lighting of the jet tanker.

My air speed during this complete flight was 250 knots indicated. I also do not know the air speed of tankers during operation if this could be so. I contacted ATC to find out if they had any airplanes on a clearance and no three airplanes were given.

In summary it was difficult for me to believe they were jets because of low speed and configuration. If they weren't jets I still don't know anymore than I did before, even though I watched them for 40 minutes before. Due to the dark and strong lights I was not able to ascertain any size or shape. The altitude of the objects was 30 degrees above my horizon. Distance away is unknown.

A check was made with the aircraft support systems project office, Wright-Patterson AFB, to determine the characteristics of a night refueling operation. The tanker has several groups of lights which at a distance would appear to be one or more lights. The time duration of a refueling operation varies, can last well over an hour, depending upon the type of operation. Refueling would take place at approximately 17,000 feet and approximately 230 knots true.

During the investigation the Air Force determined that there were three B-47's in the area of Capt[redacted] flight path during the hour of the sighting. These B-47's were on a night refueling mission.

All evidence indicates that Capt[redacted] probably saw a B-47 refueling operation.


- page 27 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location    Pennsylvania

Date    24 Feb 1959    Hour (Z)    2045

WX    Visibility unlimited at 3500' - on top of broken clouds

Description    Three lights varying in color from yellow to orange, also changing in intensity from dim to brilliant. Lights apparently moving east to west

Direction of Motion    E to W

Satellite: (AFCIN-4F3, Phone 69219)    Checked - objects much too slow and uniform.

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.)    Objects too slow for meteors - description doesn't fit - motion rules out planet

Radar Analysis (AFCIN-421)    N/A

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.)    Size of object rules out "ball lightning"

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.    Possibly aircraft

Other    

Evaluation of Source Reliability    Probably very good.

Analysis and Conclusions:    Information from Pittsburgh is that a B-47 refueling operation was in progress at the time of the sighting. This operation took place in the area of the sighting. The Air Force bomber and tanker aircraft were flying from east to west. Witness statement that he is not familiar with the light pattern used during refueling operation. The objects of this sighting were probably due to misinterpretation of the lights on aircraft during a refueling operation.

[Signed document appears to have a signature at the bottom]


- page 28 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

EXTRACT FROM ARTICLE BY [redacted]

[The text begins with a discussion of a UFO incident on February 24, 1959, involving multiple aerial objects and observations by various witnesses, including passengers and ground observers. The document appears to be discussing an investigation by Air Force and other intelligence agencies.

Key points include:
- Observations of illuminated aerial objects trailing a plane
- Multiple witnesses, including passengers and ground observers
- Investigation by Air Force, NICAP (National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena), and other agencies
- Statements from witnesses and technical intelligence personnel

The text includes several redacted names and sections. The document seems to be analyzing the credibility and details of the UFO sighting, with various witnesses providing accounts.

The last paragraph includes a quote from an unnamed witness describing seeing objects that could "gravel at 2,000 miles an hour" and discussing night observations.

Some text is slightly illegible due to the image quality, but the majority of the document is readable.]


- page 29 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

the Air Force's third explanation of his sighting, well, contradictory and more unbelievable. Captain [redacted] is no longer discussing his story in newspapers, extending the obvious flaws in the Air Force's explanations, the muzzle was quickly pulled. American Air Lines, through its crew chief, said that good relations with officials must be maintained at a loss. Consequently, he was requested not to publicise "so controversial a subject." Captain [redacted] has conceded, however, very deeply concerned with this loss of my own reputation. The first newspaper to do so, Constance Daily News, shall make no law ... prohibiting the freedom of speech or of the press. "... While the silencer was imposed on Captain [redacted], however, the same did not apply to Mrs. [redacted], Pittsburgh, who continued to talk. Mr. [redacted] asked if Captain [redacted] would be willing to go before the Space Committee Hearings in Washington to relate his story. Mrs. [redacted] replied: "Definitely. In fact, a Senator asked the Captain if he could come to Washington and tell his story. The Captain said: "Yes, I would go, but you would have to subpoena me." Then I could talk." Then NICAP BULLETIN, July-August 1959: "In a recent development, the Air Force is now circulating a statement, allegedly from American Airlines, quoting Captain [redacted] as saying that he had never seen a jet refueling operating. The unsigned statement is in direct contradiction to the statement made to the NICAP Director to the Long Island Daily Press and in taped interviews. In effect, the Air Force is apparently requesting American Airlines to silence him so he could not answer back. American Airlines had deliberately arranged some of [redacted] early publicity before he was suddenly told to stop talking. Copies of the contradictory statements have been sent to several members of Congress."


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

In regard to the 14 February 1959 American Air Lines pilot's sighting near Dunmore, Pennsylvania, the geographical area concerned is bordered on the north along the New York-Pennsylvania border (near Bradford and Olean, New York) on the route of American Air Lines Flight No. 859. On the same date, another American Air Lines pilot, while flying from Youngstown, Ohio area. The American Air Lines pilot, again, was interrogated in his statements cited to Mr. Air Force by the American Air Lines. Interrogated, he stated that some 15 miles east of the sighting location he had previously identified to the Base in the Consolidation Order.

This was initially sanctioned by the Air Force as a possible solution with the qualifying statement that his report, as viewed at that time, was not yet been analyzed and that, pending a complete analysis and evaluation of the written report as submitted, the pilot's report, a copy of which is attached, also suggested the possibility that he might, after careful analysis, have a different operation. Captain [REDACTED] has not communicated with the Air Force since his original statement to change or edit it in any way.

Upon analysis and evaluation, this sighting turned out to be B-47 type aircraft recognizable, not officially, from AC 97 three-a. The final Air Force analysis, based on relatively, indicated this. Air Force records showed that three B-47 type aircraft were in the area within the vicinity above at the night refueling operation. The [REDACTED] Air Force Control and warning, Squire A et. Claysville, Pennsylvania confirmed this fact.


- page 31 -

DU04

DETROIT, FEB. 25--(UPI)--A REPORT OF "FLYING SAUCERS" OVER MICHIGAN TODAY FOLLOWED ON THE HEELS OF SIGHTINGS OF THREE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS BY AN ENTIRE PLANELOAD OF PASSENGERS, PLUS THE CREW.

SHE WAS OUT IN A FIELD TRIMMING FRUIT TREES ABOUT 3 P.M. TODAY WHEN A HIRED HAND REPORTED SEEING THREE OR FOUR OBJECTS "ABOUT THE SIZE OF DINNER PLATES." SHE SAID SHE ALSO SAW THEM AND THE OBJECTS APPEARED LIGHT RED OR LIGHT PINK IN COLOR AND WERE FLYING MUCH FASTER THAN A JET.

LAST NIGHT THREE STRANGE FLYING OBJECTS WERE FIRST SPOTTED OVER PENNSYLVANIA BY CAPT. OF SYOSSET, N.Y. PILOT OF AN AMERICAN AIRLINES PLANE ENROUTE TO DETROIT FROM NEW YORK.

HIS ENGINEER, WHO ALSO SAW THEM, AND A PASSENGER ABOARD THE PLANE, NOTIFIED THE 35 PASSENGERS ABOUT THEM.

AT UTICA, SAID THE MANUFACTURING MANAGER OF CURTIS WRIGHT DIVISION AT WHITE LIGHTS AFTER THE OTHER PASSENGERS SPOTTED THE STRANGE BLUSH-PILOT TOLD THE PASSENGERS ABOUT THE LIGHTS. "IT WAS VERY CLEVER," HE SAID. "THERE WAS NO PANIC OR WORRY AMONG ANY OF THEM."

THEY WERE SAID WHEN HE FIRST SAW THE MYSTERIOUS LIGHTS, HE THOUGHT THE BELT OF ORION TOO. THE LIGHTS HE SAW. BUT HE SAID HE LOOKED AGAIN AND FOUND THE BELT OF ORION TOO.

HE SAID THE LIGHTS WERE NOT CLOSE TO THE PLANE, BUT APPEARED IN THE SOUTHERN SKY, A LITTLE HIGHER THAN HIS PLANE, WHICH WAS FLYING AT ABOUT 8,500 FEET. HE SAID THE LIGHTS APPEARED TO BE IN A UNIFORM LINE BUT AT TIMES CHANGED POSITION.

TK1213A...


- page 32 -

DC-6 Pilot, Passengers, See Saucers,

Detroit (AP)— The pilot of an American Airlines DC-6 and passengers said yesterday they saw mysterious objects that looked like shining saucers accompanying the plane for 45 minutes during a night flight from Newark, N.J., to Detroit.

Capt. Pete Killian of Syracuse, N.Y. who has flown passenger planes for 15 years, said, "I have never seen anything like it before."

Killian said other members of the crew and the passengers also saw the flying objects.

KILLIAN AND CO-PILOT John Dee of Mt. Kisco, N.Y., said they saw the three strange objects last night when three white objects started their descent for landing at Detroit's Metropolitan Airport while the plane was over Cleveland, O.

N. D. Puscas, a passenger in Garden City, Mich., said the strange objects appeared to dance in the sky. Puscas is manager of Curtis Wright Division at Utica.


- page 33 -

Front of 9C to right

2 rows of light 36000 155 @ .85 - 50RM
one fog .85 den 17000 97 @ 200 RM 1 Mel
red fog, pg 92

Background lights
orange light behind more white to
leading edge of wing.

[Several hand-drawn diagrams with letters F and A]

TL edge of wing is silhouetted in
lights.


- page 34 -

Plane Pilot Sights 'Flying Saucers'

DETROIT, Feb. 25 (AP)—The pilot of an American DC-4 passenger plane said today three mysterious objects that looked like shining saucers accompanied the plane for 45 minutes last night on its non-stop flight from Newark, N. J.

Peter Killian of Syracuse, pilot of the plane for 15 years said the objects were "about 1,000 feet between Phillipsburg and Bradford, Pa. at 9:45 p.m."

"The objects were by no means close to the plane," Killian said, "but one would see them at intervals, fall back and then come up again. I saw one object in the breast of the ship, which was traveling at 310 mph."

Killian and two other American Airlines pilots sighted the objects. Killian said he radioed two other American Airlines planes in the vicinity for information, keeping his radio contact for landing at to make sure "I wasn't seeing things."

Capt. John Mack of Newark, N.J. said both Killian and other captains who were queried had indicated back objects too.


- page 35 -

PHILADELPHIA, March 21 March 1959

Air Force Explains
Lights in Sky
Capt. McCoy

WASHINGTON, March 20 (AP).- 
The Air Force said today that mysterious lights in the sky previously reported by a commercial airliner were lights of jet bombers refusing to land.

The lights were reported on the night of Feb. 24 over Pennsylvania and New Jersey by a crew of an American Airlines plane and a number of the SA-16 planes on a flight from Newport News to Dallas Point told about flying objects.

Air Force says the Air Force agency investigating the sightings has concluded that the lights were not mysterious.

Air Force said today that it now has an explanation for the lights that were seen by a B-47 bomber that was escorted by a SC-47 taken on a mission that later developed into a search and because of the mission the planes were flying forms of the search patterns used by aircraft.


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

HELP SOUGHT
BY RICKOVER

Admiral Wants Protest
From Pentagon Panels

Washington, March 30 (JP)—
Adm. Hyman G. Rickover told
Congress today that he can-
not in future in which "we who
are ad committees and an
Admiral" can be heard.

Rickover was talking about r
Defense Department and its re-
lations with his own procurement
group of atomic power sub-
marines.

He told the first atomic submarine
civilian power plant.

He told a House Committee today
that his group in the Navy
Department has been blocked so
as not at economic desks dur-
ing each crisis.

Ability Only Basis

"We have civilian working for
others, we have officers work-
ing for civilians. We have begun
to break down these barriers."
Whenever does the job best
the job.

Rickover testified without hesi-
tation, that "we engaged inter-
ested people from outside the
Navy's own committees."

"As long as these be mana-
gerial, there will be lots of cross
pollination," Rickover said.


- page 37 -

REPORT on
Unidentified Flying Objects

observed Feb. 24, 1959 by
AMERICAN-UNITED
Airline Pilots

Compiled by
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS RESEARCH
COMMITTEE - AKRON, OHIO


- page 38 -

In 1958 the Unidentified Flying Objects Research Committee (UFORC) was formed. Its birth stemmed from the realization that an alarming public ignorance surrounded the subject of Flying Saucers, or Unidentified Flying Objects.

Since its formation the Committee has been working diligently throughout the northeast Ohio area. It has furnished UFO information via radio, newspapers, television, and public forums, and has provided speakers on many occasions. The Akron area has come to accept the UFORC as a reliable source of information on this subject. Akron's Mayor, Mr. Leo Berg, has commended the Committee by stating, "The UFORC is an educational Organization for the people, and should continue its performance."

The UFORC has gained world-wide recognition through its first publication, "The Fitzgerald Report". In this, the Committee's second report, the same high standard of factual reporting has prevailed.

Many books have been written on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects. Scores of periodicals appear monthly. These are found their way into libraries, Universities, hospitals, churches, offices and other business, cultural and social centers, as well as into private homes everywhere. It is the sincere hope of the UFORC that this second factual document will not only further the understanding in Flying Saucers but will, perhaps, impart a sense of urgency to the reader and in that way advance the case for UFOs.

It is the aim of the Committee to place a copy of this document in the hands of the President of the United States, his cabinet, all members of Congress, newspapers, radio stations, libraries and persons, organizations and institutions where it is believed enough interest and concern will be aroused to help bring about an official, full scale UFO investigation.

For permission to use certain letters, documents and photographs and for reproduction of varied portions of privately published periodicals and for information supplied by individuals, the Unidentified Flying Objects Research Committee wishes to acknowledge and give credit to the following:

[The rest of the text is a long list of credits including names, organizations, and locations]


- page 39 -

At 6:30 A.M. on Tuesday, February 24, 1959 a flaming bluish-green object streaked through the skies over Michigan, Illinois and Wisconsin. The phenomenon described as being banana or cigar-shaped, was trailing sparks and flame. It was sighted by airport control tower operators and by many excited citizens. It was said to be traveling at a very high speed, and State Troopers at Bay City, Michigan described it as a bluish-green flame traveling parallel to the earth.

Between 8:00 and 8:30 P.M. on this same evening, an Akron, Ohio couple sighted a strange bright reddish-orange object with a flickering yellow light on the top. It hovered momentarily and then moved away toward the north. Its outline was sharp, except for the top which was hazy. The weather was clear, and the object was observed for about twenty minutes.

In northern Ohio the evening of February 24 was crisp and cold, the sky clear and the visibility perfect. In Akron and in nearby Cuyahoga Falls the chance observation of three starlike objects moving across the sky was made by several persons. This was a prelude to the eventual unfolding of a related series of events.

The three objects were spotted at 9:20 P.M. moving from east to west. One of the observers phoned Mr. George Popowch, Director of the Committee. Before the Director could get outside, however, his phone rang again. The United Air Lines' Flight Operations Manager at Akron-Canton Airport was on the line. He introduced the pilot of United Air Lines Flight 937 (name withheld by request), who then proceeded to tell a story of three starlike objects which had paced his plane for thirty to forty minutes.

TWO UNITED AIR LINE REPORTS

"Just outside Lockhaven near Williamsport, Pennsylvania," he reported, "I observed three brightly illuminated objects off my left wing tip. The plane was at 14,000 feet and the objects were about 5 degrees above my horizon, moving parallel to the plane, east to west."

The Captain of Flight 937 had sighted the objects at 8:40 and he kept them under constant observation until 9:10 P.M., a period of thirty minutes. The Co-Pilot and Flight Engineer confirmed this story with the Director of UFORG. However, the Flight Engineer stated he had sighted the objects at 8:30, ten minutes earlier.

Each of Youngstown, Ohio, according to the plane's captain, Flight 937 descended to 12,000 feet preparatory to landing at the Akron-Canton Airport. While over Youngstown, the three objects appeared to move close to the aircraft. They were then seen to fade, reappear, and resume their original brilliance, but not in unison. Near Warren, Ohio, the lights "went off" completely and then reappeared. They were described as being bluish-white and definitely larger than any star. The objects then passed the aircraft, veered to the right, crossing in front of the plane and finally disappeared to the northwest.

Meanwhile, over Pennsylvania, shortly before the above described aerial phenomena had been spotted by United Air Lines Flight 937, these objects had also been seen by the captain of United Air Lines Flight 321 over Cleveland, Ohio. (This captain, too, prefers to remain anonymous.) After observing the objects for seven minutes, Flight 321 contacted Flight 937. The captain of Flight 321 also called Air Traffic Control in Cleveland and

2


- page 40 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

was informed that no aircraft was in his vicinity at that time.

The foregoing incidents related by the two United Air Lines pilots substantiated the non-detailed account reported by Captain Peter Killian, a pilot for American Airlines. Captain Killian is a native of Pottstown, Pennsylvania. He is married, has three children and is active in youth groups in Sykesett, Long Island, New York. He serves as a Scoutmaster, a explorer adviser, and as an instructor for rifle and archery clubs.

CAPTAIN KILLIAN'S REPORT
"I was on a flight from Newark, New Jersey to Detroit, Michigan, non-stop, and the flight was carrying me through Phillipsburg, Bradford, and Erie, Pennsylvania and direct across Lake Erie on to Detroit. My flight was at 8500 feet, and I was flying by visual flight rules above an overcast. The overcast was roughly 5,000 feet and above the clouds, ceiling and visibility were both unlimited. Though there were broken clouds below us at 5,000 feet all the sky above that layer was absolutely clear. We had a visibility of about 100 miles.

(Editor's note: U.S. Department of Commerce Weather Bureau reading at Phillipsburg stated that three-tenths of the sky was covered with scattered clouds 5,000 feet above the ground at 8:30 P.M., February 24, 1959). Roughly about 8:45, while I was having my dinner, like all pilots do once in awhile, I noticed out of my left window to the south, three yellowish lights in a single horizontal line at 9:00 o'clock position. I almost choked on my steak when I saw them, but I just watched awhile. Presently three bright lights maintained this relative position for 35 to 40 minutes. Their color was from a yellow to a light orange and these three lights were in a horizontal position.

"At first I thought it was the Belt of Orion but then I took a second look and saw both the belt and the foreign objects. I dismissed the theory of their being the belt of the Constellation Orion. Orion was considerably higher; also, the objects were brighter and of a different color. The objects were by no means close to the plane, but one would move in intervals, fall back again, and change its place in the formation while keeping abreast of the ship, which was traveling at 280-300 mph. Their position was maintained. However, the third object, which was the last one in the line, occasionally dropped back somewhat, gaining altitude. But generally speaking, they maintained the same position.

"Occasionally they speeded up quite a bit and pulled ahead to approximately 11:30 o'clock to my position, and then they would slow down again and drop back to right off my wingtip. As I say, this went on for 35 to 40 minutes. It shook me up slightly when I first noticed them, but after looking at them for awhile I sort of got used to the idea." But, anyhow, the very big thing that struck me noticeably was the brilliance or luminosity of their color. It would go from a very light color, and then it would go back to dim again. During this period, occasionally, the light would be extinguished completely, and I would see only two of them and maybe it would come back again and there would be three; then two lights would go out, and there would be only one. Occasionally all three would go out.

"It was impossible to tell the distance because I didn't know their size nor their altitude, although they appeared to be like the apparent size of the moon. They were definitely higher than I was. At first, I estimated that the objects were not over a mile from us. This was just an impression; I believe now that they were not that close. It would be the same thing if a person would have a light in the middle of a dark field at night. If would be impossible for you to know, just looking at the light, if this light were 100 feet or 1,000 feet away from you, for if you don't know the size, you don't get the idea of distance.

"In all my period of flying, I have never in my life seen anything even remotely resembling this in fifteen years with the airlines and also about thirteen years other than that.

3


- page 41 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

commercially - a total of about twenty-eight years. It couldn't have been an apparition because all the others on the plane saw them too. At times these objects emitted a whitish light of blinding brilliance. Then it was like trying to see a dime behind a powerful electric light bulb.

"I had 35 passengers. After I first noticed the objects, I drew this to the attention of my co-pilot, John Dee, and to our flight engineer. We three sat there. The two stewardesses came up, and the five of us actually sat there and watched them. For quite awhile. In the meantime, I was mulling over in the back of my mind whether I should tell it to the passengers, and I finally decided to. Before I did, I also told them I had only a cup of hot tea to drink and also that there were no lightning bugs in the cockpit. I said, 'Ladies and gentlemen, American Airlines has a special treat for you tonight. If you'll look out the windows on the left side, you'll get a look at our little surprise. They aren't stars and no airplanes have colors like that. Make up your own minds what they are.'

"Everybody took it very well. As a matter of fact, it was most enjoyable to them. There was only one passenger who was slightly apprehensive. I told him if there were any danger I am sure they would have done something long ago. Several passengers wanted to go over closer, but I had to consider their safety, even if regulations had permitted this. I obviously did not have enough speed to catch up with the objects, and I thought discretion was the better part of valor and remained on course. To enable the passengers to have a better view, the stewardesses, Edna LeGate and Beverly Pingree, turned out the cabin lights and everyone watched the spectacle for the next 35 minutes.

"I suppose I'm no different than all the rest of average American individuals regarding Unidentified Flying Objects. We read about it and we wonder if the person who has sighted such objects has been sober or sane or telling the truth. Generally, though, you have another feeling like you can't discount them entirely, and that was generally my feeling. I thought - well, there must be something to it, but what, I was never sure. These things that I saw, did they belong to the Air Force? I'd like to say an airplane always has white lights. One is a flaming light which shines strangely forward, and the other is a white tail-light, which you can only see if you are to the rear. So, in either case, if it were either the landing light or the tail-light, if it were really an aircraft, it would be either flying toward me or away from me, and in no event could they stay there for 30 or 40 minutes.

"Their uneven speed and unusual external brilliance proves they were a type of aircraft which is totally unfamiliar to us. Their motion also was unlike an airplane. Occasionally one of them would zoom straight ahead of me. Then it would drop back into position off my wing, apparently lagging as if to let me catch up. The airplane was flying a constant course and these movements were easily observed. Occasionally, however, the rear fellow would lag behind. He would be almost double the distance between the other two. I considered the possibility that the lights were trying to signal, but I could not discern any pattern in the light changes.

"I had considered the possibility that the lights came from jet refueling operations and suggested as much upon landing when I was interviewed by the Detroit Times. I had a disregarded the idea, however, for several reasons. At my then cruising speed of 280 to 300 miles per hour, I was going too slow for jets to stay off my left wing for a long time. The other factors were the changing position of the lights and their varying intensity. In addition, First Officer John Dee, after landing, had also considered the possibility of a jet refueling operation but had made a check and there had been no such flights. I also notified other planes in the vicinity. When I was over Erie, Pennsylvania I called on my company frequency and asked if there were any other planes in the vicinity, and there were two.

4


- page 42 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

there was one around Toledo, Ohio, and another around Windsor, Canada. And both of
them, when I brought it to their attention, had sighted the same three shining objects. And
the other two admitted that the objects were higher than they were. One had been watching
the lights for 10 to 15 minutes already, and a triangulation was done, and estimate of 15
miles distance between me and the nearest object was made. The estimated size of the
objects was about 300 feet. I then called Airway Traffic Control and asked them if they had
a flight of any three planes on an airway traffic clearance, and there were none. I also
tried to pick them up on my radar screen, but our radar is primarily for weather surveil-
lance, and not for airplanes, so I did not get anything on my radar.

"I personally was not contacted by the United States Government in regard to the sight-
ing. However, we have a procedure with the airlines that when there are unknown sighting
of any kind, we make a report for the company, which, in turn, reports this to the Govern-
ment for immediate dissemination. I immediately called my company in Detroit, and
Detroit itself gave it to George Wright. "[Editor's note: The procedure Captain Killian
is referring to is known as CIRVIS - Communication Instruction for Reporting Vital Intelli-
gence Sighting from Aircraft.]"

PASSENGER AND HOSTESSES VERIFY SIGHTING
One of Captain Killian's passengers, Mr. N. D. Puscas, 41, of 30835 Barton, Garden
City, Long Island, New York and General Manufacturing Manager of Curtis Wright Aircraft
Company's New York Division, had this to say to the press:
"The way he broke the news to us was very clever. No one panicked or showed any
signs of worry. Everyone immediately began to show a keen interest in what was going on.
He did a fine job. There wasn't a cloud in the sky when I looked out and saw the objects in
precision formation. They were round-like, and every now and then one would glow bright
er than the other as if it had moved nearer to the plane. I have been making that same trip
a number of times because the home office is in New York, but I have never experienced any-
thing like that before. It might have been imagination, but when the object rose I thought I
could see a little tail like an exhaust. "
The plane's hostesses, Mrs. LeGate, 22 of Welton, Arizona, and Miss Beverly Pin-
gree, 25, Oakland, California, said respectively, "I don't know what they were. I'm a
terrific science-fiction fan but . . ." and "I'm not a science-fiction fan, but I know what I
saw."

5


- page 43 -

AFTERMATH
The day following the sighting the Detroit Times reported in banner headlines:

Detroit Times
59TH YEAR, No. 148 4     WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1959     Woodward 3-8800     7 CENTS

MYSTERY DISCS
TRAIL PLANE HERE

[Below the headline is a black and white photograph with three people, with their faces partially obscured by white circles. The caption reads:]

HOSTESS EDNA INGALLS (LEFT), SGT. KILLIAN AND HOSTESS BEVERLY PINGREE, 28, AFTER LAST NIGHT'S LANDING
These three and a planeload of passengers watched a three-mile-wide object descend near Ford's Willow Run Airport in Detroit

6


- page 44 -

United Air Lines - Akron-Carton Airport

Pilot gave report to
26 Supervisor

FAA at Akron-Carton Airport
Less type reading of pilots
talk with tower?

Custom Far Easier the
(Tng. Minn) Munson
saw nothing unusual


- page 45 -

UFORIC DIRECTOR GEORGE POPOWITCH INTERVIEWING MR. AND MRS. OF
CUYAHOGA FALLS, OHIO

PHOTOGRAPH BY DUSTY RICHARDS, NCPA

The image shows four people in a black and white photograph, with a caption describing an interview by a UFORIC director in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio.


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

American Airlines arranged for the press to interview Captain Killilan in New York.
Also, in their paper, Flagship News, they gave Killilan from page coverage.

FLAGSHIP NEWS
Vol. 14, No. 4 -> 401 Published by American Airlines March 9, 1959

Mystery Escort Greets Flagship
over Phillipsburg

The DC-6 Flagship droned through the clear night toward Detroit. American Airlines was scheduled to land at Newark at 7 p.m. and was 85 miles out of Detroit Metropolitan at 8:20.
Inside the cheerfully-lighted cabin, 83 passengers were enjoying a quiet moment. Capt. Killian came over the loudspeaker. "Ladies and gentlemen," he said, "I'd like to point out something to you tonight. If you'll look out to the left side of the aircraft, you'll see a look not quite surprising." He paused to be three saucer-shaped orange-yellow lights moving along with the plane.

Capt. Killian first spotted the lights as the Flagship flew at 8,500 feet over the central Pennsylvania town of Phillipsburg, a well-known airline check point. He had just started to eat his own dinner after turning the controls over to John Jones.

John Jones pointed out my steak when I was then eating. "Look," he said to Capt. Killian, "out 1 just watched awhile and then said, 'What do you see out there to the 15-year flying veteran.

It was no mirage. P/O Dee saw the same things. As they watched, the end lights maneuvered sharply, closing the gap between it and the other objects, then falling back to their original position. All the time, the plane's radio remained tuned to the wavelength abreast of the airplane which was flying at 330 miles an hour.

In the cabin, the passengers were enjoying the show.

Capt. Killian radioed the VACA AA planes in the vicinity to trace sure 17 wasn't seeing lightning bugs or something. All planes in the area had sighted the objects, too.

For 45 minutes, the lights stayed with the Flagship as it flew through a haze to make its landing at Detroit.

Once on the ground, the story spread quickly. Newspapers hounded Capt. Killian in his hotel room. Sensing him up until 3 a.m. and retaining their siege before dawn.

It was unusual at the time. Interest the story generated was widespread, and he was later queried by Smithsonian officials and representatives of television people called him from points as distant as South Carolina and Kentucky.

A native of Pottstown, Pa., Capt. Killian is an active flying safety advisor. He is also a club leader, and an instructor for his pilots and personnel.

Captain Killilan also appeared on radio and television in New York. This committee invitations to speak before the Civilian Saucer Intelligence of New York. He has in its possession a ten minute taped telephone conversation between Captain Killian and Hugh McPherson of Radio WCGS, Charleston, West Virginia in which he vividly relates his experience of that eventful night.

7


- page 47 -

GROUND OBSERVERS CONFIRM AIR REPORTS

Added confirmation came from ground observers. On the evening of February 24, 1959 the neighbors of Mrs. Roy Renner, of Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio, saw something in the sky which they did not understand and could not identify. Knowing of Mrs. Renner's interest in celestial phenomena they called to her. The Renners came out immediately, and, with their neighbors, observed three mysterious lights. According to these witnesses, the lights were the approximate size of the North Star, moving from east to west. Mrs. Renner, employing binoculars, said that the lights appeared to be circular, and were of yellow-red coloring.

After observing the objects for about three minutes, Mrs. Renner made a telephone call to the Director of the UFORG. He in turn reported the sighting to Akron Radio Station WAKR, and requested that anyone having seen the lights should contact the Committee. Several persons called in with verifying reports. Their signed statements are in UFORG files.

Mr. C. was one such observer. Mr. C.'s home is ten miles from the home of the Renners, and is located in the southern section of Akron. He noted that the objects were red and somewhat on the dim side. He stated that the sighting could not have been the constellation Orion because the stars of Orion could be seen simultaneously in another part of the sky.

Some persons phoning in had seen a prop-driven plane moving in the opposite direction from the sighting. In another part of Akron. However, this plane was not observed in other parts of the city, the explanation being that the airplanes coming from Cleveland-Hopkins Airport to the Akron Canton Airport travel from Northwest to Southeast and cross only certain sections of the city.

None of the ground observers reported hearing any sound. Neither did they see the airplane piloted by Captain Killian. According to estimates through triangulation, Killian's plane was about fifteen miles north of the unidentified lights, so that it would have been out of the sight and sound of ground observers at this time. (Captain Killian lost sight of the lights when he descended through a haze preparatory to landing at Detroit, Michigan.) When the lights were spotted from the ground at 9:15 P. M., they were evidently still pacing Captain Killian's plane enroute to Detroit to the northwest. Further confirmation of the direction, and consequently, that the airline pilots as well as observers on the ground were viewing the same objects, came from United Flight 937 reports. The pilot of this flight lost sight of the lights after they had its in front of his plane which was heading west toward the Akron Canton Airport. The objects then veered toward northwest and disappeared.

RELEASE OF OFFICIAL EXPLANATIONS

For three days, the Air Force maintained silence concerning these reports. Then on the morning of February 28, it released to the press this official opinion of the Air Technical Intelligence Center: "Pilots may have been seeing stars instead of unidentified flying objects in a recent flurry of flying saucer reports.

The Air Force Technical Intelligence Agency at Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, gave the opinion that the crew of an Air Force transport, flying between Washington, D.C., and Dayton had reported a similar report given by the crews of two commercial airliners. The Air Force transport was flying under a broken cloud overcast at about 8500 feet altitude. Experts of the Technical Intelligence Agency said that they believed the pilots may have sighted the stars, especially the formation Orion.

It should be noted that the Air Force statement says the Air Force transport crew also made a report "similar" to those made by the crews of two commercial airliners. The Air Force, then, in essence, admits that their own men reported seeing three lighted objects.

8


- page 48 -

It should also be noted that Air Technical Intelligence Center experts formulated the opinion that stars were the objects sighted by their own men and the airlines pilots.

Captain Killian's reaction to the Air Force offering was given clearly in a statement to the Long Island Press: "I definitely know Orion and the unknown objects repeatedly. So did other airline pilots. Maybe they (the transport crew) did see Orion through breaks in clouds. I can tell you this - no experienced airline pilot is going to be deceived like that. We've seen stars through cloud breaks many times, and those other crews have confirmed what I reported. Also, in our area, the only clouds we had were about 3500 feet below us. Above that, visibility was unlimited; the sky was absolutely clear. Those other captains would testify to that. So could everybody on our flight; the cabin lights were switched off and they were all looking out."

Deliberately the Air Force spokesmen had cast shadows upon the ability and integrity of these veteran airline pilots. That Orion was clearly visible is a coincidence providing ATIC with a convenient, though unbound, "out". But, applying such an explanation to the airlines sighting is ridiculously far-fetched and completely contrary to fact.

Dr. Orren C Mohler, assistant director at McMath-Hulbert Observatory of the University of Michigan adds his opinion to a host of others: "There is no astronomical explanation of the reported sightings. I know of nothing that occurred in the skies that night (February 24) that could account for the objects described."

It would be interesting to learn the feelings of the crew who manned the Air Force transport after being informed that they too had seen stars among broken clouds. Although privately they may possibly protest the opinion of the "experts", publicly they are in no position to refute it.

Could Killian have been deceived by cloud-covered stars? A man who has been flying since 1929 and who states he has never seen anything like Orion, is not likely to be deceived by something as familiar to him as Orion. Pilots of both American and United flights have stated emphatically they saw the mysterious lights and Orion simultaneously. Killian has said the sky was crystal clear and a passenger has verified this fact. Visibility was one hundred miles. The U.S. Weather Bureau verifies this. In a call to the Killian home, Mrs. Killian said Captain Killian has studied astronomy, and he refuses to believe that he "saw stars".

Evidently the Air Force wasn't too sure Captain Killian had seen the stars either. What they had issued to the press for release to the public was a rather simple explanation one they felt would be acceptable in most cases. However, a need for an additional interpretation must have been felt for three weeks later the Air Force offered a second, more imaginative, reason for the events of the night of February 24th.

"The American Airlines sighting of February 24 near Bradford, Pennsylvania turned out to be a B-47 type aircraft accomplishing night refueling from KC-97 tankers. The American Airlines pilot's report of the sighting confirmed this and Air Force records show that three B-47 type aircraft were in the vicinity of Bradford, Pennsylvania on a night refueling operation. The tanker has several groups of lights which, at a distance, would appear to be one or more lights. The time duration of a refueling operation varies and can last well over an hour, depending upon the type of operation. The KC-97 refueling a B-47 will fly at approximately an altitude of 17,000 feet at around 230 knots. This would account for the lights being approximately 30 degrees above the American Airlines pilot's horizon and his seeing them for 40 minutes."

9


- page 49 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

One can only speculate as to why after three weeks. ATIC experts were forced to com
up with this second explanation. Perhaps it was because they realized two many people
would notice a sameness in the reports filed by military and commercial pilots in flight
that night along with reports coming from ground observers in Ohio and Pennsylvania.
There is the possibility the "stars through broken clouds" explanation simply did not jell -
and in truth, backfired.

There are several obvious holes in the jet refueling story. All witnesses have agreed
that three separate lights were seen. Does this mean that there were three jets? Jets
carry no such powerful lights. And, if not jets, then is it to be assumed that there were
three tankers in the sky, each employing a powerful light?

In a press release, Major Lawrence J. Tacker, executive officer of the Air Force Pub
lic Information at the Pentagon stated that the planes were "lit up like Coney Island". Are
we to believe that three single lights can at any time resemble Coney Island? And is Coney
Island limited to lights of one color? Air Force KC-97 Tankers, revealed an Air Force
spokesman, use several types of signal lights during refueling operations. Doesn't it seem
feasible then that while jets are refueling some of these other lights would also be seen?
Yet at no time were the lights seen described as being either red or green, both required
colors of lights on planes.

In a statement to the Long Island Daily Press on March 24 Captain Killian said, "I don't
care what the Air Force says, the objects I saw could travel at 2, 000 miles an hour and
were definitely not conventional aircraft.

"If the Air Force wants to believe that," he added, "it can. But I know what a B-47
looks like and I know what a KC-97 Tanker looks like; Further, I know what they look like
in operation at night. And that's not what I saw." Killian claimed this was the Air Force's
third explanation of his sighting, "all contradictory and none satisfactory".

"I know that there are fourteen lights on the belly of a tanker," Killian continued, "and
none are of the orange hued brilliance, nor the size of the ones I saw on the objects. And
furthermore, the objects were at least triple the size of any tanker or bomber we have.
And they looked like the apparent size of the moon."

Killian went on to say the objects were spotted by another airline pilot two minutes
later seventy miles away. "That puts their speed at roughly 2,000 miles an hour," he said.
"These explanations come from Washington, but not one of these fellows has bothered to
contact me to hear my story firsthand."

Admitted, Killian had considered the possibility of the lights being those of jets, but
had ruled this out. He said the lights were too large, the wrong color, too varied in inten-
sity or brightness, and that they changed position too erratically to be jets.

Both Killian and the pilot of United Flight 321 had checked with other pilots in the area
to make sure they weren't just seeing things. The lights were seen from different angles
and altitudes. The pilots and crew members of five planes, in addition to 35 passengers,
watched them for approximately 40 minutes.

The fact that the pilots checked with Airway Traffic Control certainly lends credence to
the incident.

ATIC functions under the jurisdiction of the Federal Aviation Agency, their responsibil-
ity being to regulate and police air traffic. There may exist a difference of opinion as to
whether ATC knows, or is required to know. Strategic Air Command's flight plans. A
letter was sent by UFORG to Strategic Air Command, Offutt Air Force Base Omaha, Neb-
raska. The inquiry was, "Were there any SAC planes in the designated area?" Were any
SAC flight plans filed that night with ATC?" The purpose of this inquiry was to ascertain

10


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

whether ATC would have had knowledge of high altitude operations performed by SAC. Their
reply, "All SAC flights are coordinated with the Federal Aviation Agency which you refer to
as Airway Traffic Control."

The American and United Air Line pilots, upon seeing the unknown objects, acted in
accordance with standard procedure. They contacted ATC. Inquiring if there were any re-
lating operations and/or if there were any planes in the area. To the knowledge of ATC
there were none. First Officer John Dee of American Airlines also checked with ATC upon
landing in Detroit, and he, too, received a negative reply. Their inquiries mainly were for
the purpose of establishing identity of the foreign objects. It is significant, we believe, that
the U.S. Air Force's Air Technical Intelligence Center, which is responsible for investiga-
ting UFO's, apparently did not even bother to check with ATC, and that prior to releasing
their numerous explanations they did not interview Captain Killian in order to receive the
details first hand. Nor did they question the other pilots, crew members, the passengers
or the ground observers.

Assuming there were refueling operations being performed secretly, what damage
could result from legitimate inquiries such as those voiced by the pilots? ATC could easily
have replied that a secret mission was being conducted by the Air Force. Such an explana-
tion would have dispelled all doubt in the pilots' minds regarding the peculiar objects they
had observed. By ignoring the fact that ATC is the police force of the air lanes, Air Intel-
ligence has openly placed Air Traffic Control in a compromising position.

11


- page 51 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

'Flying Saucer' Sightings Still Get Air Force Study
By Ralph Chapman

With Air Defense Command's ADC-3 non-stop from Nevada to Detroit, reported Thursday night the sixth of three mysterious objects, exactly what they were still remains a mystery.

The Air Force said last night that these might have been ten "flying saucers" charged with the responsibility of investigating all "flying saucer" reports has developed a routine.

During the past six months, according to an Air Force spokesman in Washington, 126 cases of "mysterious objects" have been investigated. Only two were classified as "unknown."

A factor governing the number of reports is that people are more air-minded now. In other words, more and more Americans are looking up.

There are always a certain number of cases where imagination had been stretched.

In the above newspaper article the Air Force attempts to confirm their explanations by discrediting reliable witnesses through the implication they are either incompetent or drunk.

Captain Killian took particular exception to this statement, pointing out that the Air Force is "well acquainted with rules forbidding airline pilots from drinking before flights. 'It's one of our strictest rules.'"

HOW ROUTINE IS ROUTINE?

In this article the Air Force spokesman states also that the evaluation of UFO sightings has become almost routine. Could it be possible that the investigation of such sightings has become routine to the extent that the investigator don't even bother to investigate?

Who or what was investigated in regard to the airline sighting? They did not interview Captain Killian, nor did they question Co-Pilot Dee, the stewardess, the passengers or the ground observers. As far as known, none of these people were at any time contacted by ATIC.

Does the allegation made by the Air Force spokesman about the untruthful non-military opportunists who are "making a good thing of it" and who insist that interplanetary travel

12


- page 52 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

is a fact, include reputable individuals like Professor Hermann Oberth, world famous
rocket and space travel authority, who flatly states: "I believe the flying saucers come
from other worlds."

Does it include Dr. Clyde W. Tombaugh, astronomer, discoverer of the planet Pluto,
and chief of the Armed Services' search for natural satellites, who says, "These things,
which do appear to be directed, are unlike any other phenomena I ever observed. . . other
stars in our galaxy may have hundreds of thousands of inhabitable worlds. Races on these
worlds may have been able to utilize the tremendous amounts of power required to bridge
the space between the stars."

Or Dr. J. C. Bartlett, Jr., noted Baltimore astronomer who has sighted both dis-
shaped and rocket-shaped UFOs and has said, "It is not impossible that they come from
another planet."

Or William Lear, winner of the Collier Aviation Trophy, president of Lear, Inc. (air-
craft and electronics equipment) who has said; "I believe the flying saucers come from out-
er space, piloted by beings of superior intelligence."

Also note how carefully the writer of the Herald Tribune article avoided expressing the
opinions of anyone within the military. There are scores of former military men who have,
since 1947 issued public statements that UFOs are real:

VOICE OF THE MILITARY

Rear Admiral D. S.Fahrney, Ret., former Navy missile chief, "Reliable reports
indicate there are objects coming into our atmosphere at very high speeds. The way they
change positions would indicate that their motion is directed."

Senator Barry Goldwater, a jet flying Air Force Reserve Colonel, "Flying saucers --
UFOs -- or whatever you call them, are real."

Albert M. Chop, former Air Force official who handled UFO information, "One thing
is absolutely certain. We are being watched from outer space."

Lt. Col. Lee B. James, Army missile expert at Huntsville, Alabama, "The lights seen
by airlines were quite possibly from outer space. I know they're not coming from Russia.
We in this civilization are not that advanced yet."

Lt. General P. A. Del Valle, U. S. M. C., Ret., "There obviously is something to the
'flying saucers' which has been withheld from American citizens. There should be a ser-
ious investigation of authentic reports, and all factual evidence and possible conclusions
should be given to the public."

General George C. Kenney, former chief of the Strategic Air Command, "We're
completely mystified. We have nothing remotely like the machines described. I wish we
did."

Commander R. W. Percy, U.S.N.R. Ret., electronics engineer for the Federal
Communications Commission, "I personally believe UFOs are space ships from other
advanced planets."

Needless to say, the Tribune article author is quite aware of the prestige in the name,
Carl Jung, and has used it to a convincing advantage. However, in complete fairness to the
UFOs, it should also be stated that from this same man came the words, "I do not possess
sufficient evidence [of UFOs] which would enable me to draw definite conclusions."

The Herald Tribune article should have also printed Dr. Jungs' other statements, such
as "I do not possess sufficient evidence which would enable me to draw definite conclusions.
The evidence available, however, is convincing enough to arouse a continuous and fervent
interest. If it is true the Air Force withholds facts, then one can only say this is the most
stupid policy one could invent. . . The public ought to be told the truth."

13


- page 53 -

Donald Keyhoe, Director of NICAP, declared that the Air Force spokesman's statement appearing in the New York Herald Tribune was mainly meant to serve three purposes:

1. To offset the airline crew's reports.
2. To warn all airline pilots that they would be officially ridiculed if they publicly reported UFO sightings.
3. To reduce the growing support of Capitol Hill for open UFO hearings.

In an interview with the Newark Star-Ledger (December 22, 1958) a group of more than fifty commercial airline pilots blasted Air Force procedures and conclusions concerning UFOs. Here in full is the article:

Pilots ridicule AF secrecy on saucers
By JOHN LESTER
Staff Writer

[The rest of the article text is visible but too long to reproduce here in full. The article discusses pilots' criticisms of Air Force UFO policies and secrecy.]

Since the appearance of the above article Mr. Lester has informed his Committee that 400 more pilots have joined the list of the original 50.

14


- page 54 -

THE INEVITABLE SILENCING
As of this writing, Captain Killian is no longer discussing his sighting of the three unknown objects. After his initial comments in newspapers, exposing the obvious flaws in the Air Force's explanations, the muzzle was quickly applied. American Airlines, through Air Force insistence, was forced to silence Killian, their attitude being that good relations with officialdom must be maintained at all costs. Consequently, he was requested not to publicize "so controversial a subject". (It would certainly seem that the Air Force Public Information subordinates at the Pentagon in Washington, D.C., have contributed their share to the "controversy" by persistently manipulating UFO facts in a manner that could breed nothing else but confusion.)

When Killian, in a private telephone conversation, was asked to comment on this, he said, "Left put it this way; my company doesn't want me to talk about it any more." And later he added, "I feel very deeply concerned with this loss of my own personal freedom."

To illustrate how the subject reached controversial proportions, the following is presented:

July 5, 1947
Air Corps Spokesman at the Pentagon: "No investigation is needed. The saucers are only hallucinations."

July 7, 1947
Air Corps Public Relations Officer at the Pentagon: "We can't ignore this. Too many reliable pilots are telling the same story - flat, round objects, able to out-maneuver ordinary planes and faster than anything we have. Too many stories tally. We have a jet at Muroc and fighters at Portland standing by."

July 7, 1947
An Air Force Spokesman at the Pentagon: "The flying saucers may be one of three things - solar reflections, small meteors or icing conditions."

July 7, 1947
Pentagon statement to all press services: "Army Air Intelligence officers since July 2 have been investigating reports of unidentified objects flying at very high speeds in various sections of the country. No such phenomenon can be explained by any experiments being conducted by the Army or Air Force, and the statements of witnesses are being correlated in an effort to identify the reported objects."

September 23, 1947
Official analysis report from ATIC to General Hoyt Vandenberg, Commanding General, Army Air Corps: "The reported phenomena are real."

July 24, 1948
General George C. Kenney, then chief of the Strategic Air Command, after the so-called "space ship" sighting by the pilots and a passenger of an Eastern Air Line plane: "I've completely mystified. We have nothing remotely like the machine described. I wish we did."

August (date withheld)
Top secret estimate of the situation by ATIC later declassified but never released, stating that the flying saucers were interplanetary space ships.

January 3, 1949
Air Corps Statement to press after death of Captain Thomas Mantell, Jr., World War II ace: "Captain Mantell was killed while in pursuit of a flying saucer."

15


- page 55 -

Here is the text from the document:

25 Feb 59

Query from
Detroit Times

Americ airlines pilot says he was chased yesterday by three yellowish balls from eastern Penna to Lake Erie.

Claims stewardesses, pax, and other pilots saw 'em too.

How says the Air Force????

[The rest of the document contains partially legible handwritten notes with some blacked out sections, including timestamps and location references, but the text is not clear enough to transcribe with full confidence.]


- page 56 -

Here is the text from the document:

December 27, 1949
Air Force Press Release: "The Air Force has discontinued its special project of investigating and evaluating reported flying saucers. The reports are the result of misinterpretation of various conventional objects, a mild form of mass hysteria, and hoaxes, and continuance of the project is unwarranted."

December 29, 1949
Declassified Air Force secret summaries of Intelligence Investigations of UFOs: "It will never be possible to say with certainty that any individual did not see a space ship, an enemy missile, or some other object." Discussing the motives of possible visitors from space, the Intelligence report also stated: "Such a civilization might observe that on earth we now have atomic bombs and are fast developing rockets. In view of the past history of mankind, they should be alarmed. We should therefore expect at this time above all to behold such visitations."

February 22, 1950
Air Force Headquarters statement after a Navy visual and radar tracking report of two UFOs at Key West Naval Air Station: "There is absolutely no evidence that flying saucers exist."

March 22, 1950
Air Force statement after the published flying saucer report by Commander (now Captain) R. B. McLaughlin, U.S.N., then officer in charge of Navy guided missile tests at White Sands Proving Grounds. This report, cleared by Security and Review at the Pentagon, described several UFO sightings at White Sands, including the report of an elliptical object over 100 feet long tracked at 18,000 miles per hour at an altitude of 56 miles. Air Force comment when queried about this Navy report: "We have no evidence that the flying saucers are other than hallucinations, hoaxes, and errors in identification."

January and February, 1951
Air Force statements: "We have no evidence that such objects exist; in general, such reports are hallucinations, mistakes, hoaxes or natural phenomena."

June 24, 1951
Air Force statement given to Look magazine by an ATIC colonel: "These reports come from sincere people; they are not crackpots. They are seeing something; we have to find out what."

From this date on the Air Force has consistently clouded pertinent UFO information to such an extent that legislative bodies as well as the public in general are still confused.

It is easily seen how the Air Force has obscured the real UFO issue by throwing first hot and then cold water on the subject. Is it any wonder the public is now faced with a "controversial subject"?

It is either a case of deliberately confusing the public or that the left hand does not know what the right hand is doing. The Air Force found itself struggling with the problem of what to tell the public after the tremendous surge in sightings by highly trained observers. It could either reveal its evidence that the UFOs were real, and probably interplanetary, or it could brush off the reports as being worthless. The latter policy was chosen and it remains in force to this day. Why?

In twelve years the Air Force has been attacked and charged many times with "cover up mishandling statements", "censorship", and "criminal negligence" in dealing with UFOs. Isn't it time this situation came to a focus?

16


- page 57 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Has American Airlines been intimidated also? Have they been forced to be an accomplice to this canny censorship? Apparently so, for they have lowered the boom on Killian. Is this considered an infringement on his "personal freedom"? Is this possible in a democracy? A reply, Representative S. N. Fried (Dem. Md.) after a conference in Washington with NICAP Director Major Donald Keyhoe USMC Ret., and Advisor Lou Corbin, promised a thorough investigation.

He would request an Air Force explanation of Captain Killian's treatment. Doesn't it seem strange, after the world wide publicity this incident received, that it should terminate by Air Force pressure?

Why after 12 years, hasn't the Airlines Pilots Association stepped forward demanding a "cease and desist" of the ridicule campaign? Every pilot that ever reported observing a UFO received the usual standard procedure of insults. If an end is desired, the members of the Association can rest assured, of support from the thousands of people in the UFO field. Contact should be made with the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, 1536 Connecticut Ave., Washington, D. C. They are in co-operation with hundreds of other UFO organizations in the country, willing to co-operate with the pilots. It is strongly urged that the Association and members give this unequivocal consideration.

Doesn't it seem logical, that after 12 years of this reported phenomena, the Congress of the United States should have acted in behalf of the people they represent? Without a shadow of a doubt, every Congressman sent to Washington has received some type of inquiry about UFO's. They have been petitioned again and again by sincere citizens to have UFO data held by the Air Force released. Some Congressmen have tried to get the Air Force to yield all UFO data. These men, who represent the American people, receive in reply to their efforts, a well worded "form letter" which always amounts to the same polite brush - off. This "fact sheet" is like a broken record. It has been issued every six months to the news media with the same watered down versions of UFO information.

Many of our congressmen have apathetically accepted this well worded and concise form letter. Still others, like Senator Barry Goldwater of Arizona (Rep.), are helping to bring the UFO "controversy" to a head in the form of a public hearing.

Isn't it true that informed people are free people? Is it true that the public is not being fully informed about UFO's? So, are we a free people? What secrets are being held by a few? Who is basically responsible for the withholding of this information from the public? The Air Force? Or could there be some other agency shepherding the Air Force?

While the silence order was imposed on Captain Killian however the same did not apply to Mrs. Killian. She remarked, "Although the Captain isn't talking, I can talk." Mrs. Killian was asked if American Airlines had been approached by the Air Force and she replied, "The company was approached, requesting the silence, and of course they had to comply. The company at no time before this requested the Captain not to talk about this sighting. And in fact the company had never and photographed a LaGuardia Airport to meet the Captain when he landed back in New York from his trip after the sighting."

Captain said "Yes, I would go, but you would have to subpoena me. Then I could talk."

17


- page 58 -

The following text was found in the document:

The following letter with its enclosure was received from Major Lawrence J. Tacker, U.S.A.F. Executive Officer, Public Information Division, Office of Information Services of Washington, D.C.:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

24 June 1959

Dear Miss [redacted]

This is to acknowledge your letter of 19 June 1959 concerning the American Airlines sighting of 24 February 1957 and various newspaper articles concerning this sighting.

The New York Herald Tribune article of 1 March 1959 concerning this sighting was factual and this office considered it accurate and objective. Your interpretation of this article involving adverse insinuations leveled against anyone sighting an unidentified flying object seem unfounded as neither this and basic observations made in the article came from Official Department of Defense releases on this subject. Copies of the last three releases are enclosed for your background. Information concerning speculation on this part of the report and personal opinions of other individuals will have to be obtained from the New York Herald Tribune.

Answering your other questions the following information is given:

The Air Force received Capt. [redacted] statement from the Detroit Office of American Air Lines on 26 February 1957. Requests are made by telephone as in this case almost immediately are obtained. Capt. [redacted] will follow up his future trip to Newark almost immediately and was available for interview. He submitted his statement through the Company to the Air Force.

The statement you received was completed during May 1959.

The evaluation is based upon all the facts gathered for the specific times and geographical area concerned with the sighting and includes Capt. [redacted] statement.

[Partially redacted text at bottom of page]

Page number: 18


- page 59 -

TUCKER LETTER (CON'T.)                                                   24 June 1959

There is only one official explanation or evaluation for this sighting. It is the fact that Capt. actually viewed a Strategic Air Force aerial refueling operation.

I trust this is the information you desire.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Maj. Maj., USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Akron 7, Ohio

COPY OF ENCLOSURE -

"Departing Newark 1910 arriving Detroit 2252.

"If was approximately 2045 I noticed these three lights off my left wing in the vicinity of Bradford, Pennsylvania. I was flying 8,500 VFR on top of broken clouds. Visibility was unlimited with no upper clouds observed. It was extremely difficult to ascertain the distance of the lights. The color of the lights were from a yellow to a light orange. The intensity of the lights also changed from dim to a bright brilliant. Sometimes the interval of the three lights were identical to the Belt in the constellation Orion. Occasionally the rear lights lagged somewhat behind. Occasionally changed attitudes. During the 40 minutes of observation, the three lights occasionally came forward from a 9 o'clock position to a lights extinguished completely at or near a 9 o'clock position. Also occasionally the three were extinguished and during this whole operation, as I mentioned before, the lights changed in intensity. This action was not only seen by myself but four crew members and passengers on board and also by two other airplanes in the area.

"The only possible explanation other than flying saucers could be a jet tanker refueling operation. Never having witnessed refueling flight operation at night, I am not aware of the lighting of the jet tanker.

"My air speed during this complete flight was 250 knots indicated. I also do not know the air speed of tankers during operation if this could be so. I contacted ATC to find out if they had any airplanes on a clearance and no three airplanes were given.

"In summary, it was difficult for me to believe they were jets because of low speed and configuration. If they weren't jets I still don't know anymore than I did before even though I watched them for 40 minutes before. Due to the dark and strong lights I was not

19


- page 60 -

Here is the text from the document:

able to ascertain any size or shape. The altitude of the objects was 30 degrees above my horizon. Distance away is unknown.

"During the investigation the Air Force determined that there were three B-47's in the area of Capt. Killian's flight path during the hour of the sighting. These B-47's were on a night refueling mission.

"A check was made with the aircraft support systems project office, Wright-Patterson AFB, to determine the characteristics of a night refueling operation. The tanker has several groups of lights which at a distance would appear to be one or more lights. The time duration of a refueling operation varies, can last well over an hour, depending upon the type of operation. Refueling would take place at approximately 17,000 feet and approximately 230 knots true.

"All evidence indicates that Captain Killian probably saw a B-47 refueling operation."

This letter purports to contain a complete and exact statement from Captain Killian. Unfortunately, there is no indication of where these statements were made. There are no quotation marks: nor is the statement signed.

Paragraphs three and four would definitely lead one to believe that Captain Killian was not familiar with a jet refueling operation. Compare this with Captain Killian's statements made to the Long Island Daily Press on March 24, 1959. (See Page 10) Obviously, the two are in direct contradiction.

Paragraph five of the above report states that Killian, while viewing the objects was able to discern any possible size or shape. However, Civilian Saucer Intelligence of New York City, in an interview with Captain Killian, quotes him as saying, "They appeared to be like the apparent size of the moon."

In the Air Force, in Paragraph six, indicates a night refueling operation was in progress in the area of the Killian flight. Note, refer to (Page 5) of this report where it will be noted that ATC (the supreme regulatory body for air traffic, both civilian and military) had no knowledge of any flight of three planes in the area of Killian's airplane.

The complete text of this Air Force report bears the well-known earmarks of Air Force distortion. Note that the Air Force office issuing the report (presumably Washington, D.C. made a "check" with Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton before issuing their statement. Was the check made to add authoritative embellishments to an otherwise untenable explanation?

20


- page 61 -

UNANSWERED 'WHY'S'

WHY has the Air Force concealed an official intelligence report, dated September 23, 1947, stating that flying saucers are real? This report was signed by the Chief of the Air Technical Intelligence Center, approved by all members of ATIC, and submitted via Direct-or of Air Force Intelligence to the Commanding General, Army Air Force.

WHY has the Air Force kept from the press the official ATIC "estimate of the situation" drawn up in the summer of 1948, which stated that flying saucers were interplanetary spaceships?

WHY, in the face of the above two documents, did the Air Force, in December 1949, tell the press that flying saucers were hoaxes, mirages, hallucinations and mistakes by pilots?

WHY did the Air Force deliberately reject the serious reports and opinions of hundreds of veteran service and airline pilots, airport tower controllers, radar experts and other trained observers who insisted the saucers were unknown machines under intelligent control?

WHY has the Air Force concealed the 1952 Air Force Intelligence analysis of the flying saucers' "controlled motion" and its specific conclusion that UFOs were interplanetary space ships?

WHY has the Air Force kept secret the recommendations of a panel of top scientists and aviation leaders, arrived at in January, 1953, that the UFO investigation be greatly enlarged and that the American people be given all information on saucers in Air Force possession, including the official conclusions?

WHY has the Air Force hidden UFO reports from the public since 1953 -- even those it had previously released?

WHY are Service pilots, radar men and other trained observers officially silenced? Official orders are JANAP 146 (Joint-Army-Navy-Air Publication), AFR 200-2 (Air Force Regulation 200-2), the current regulation prohibiting the release of UFO data to news media and the public. Official instructions to personnel of the Civil Aeronautics Administration are based on JANAP 146.

WHY, if the flying saucers are imaginary, do armed Air Defense Command jets upon the standing order of ADC continue to chase UFOs?

WHY does the Air Force continue to spend the taxpayers' money in a global investigation of flying saucers that involves hundreds of intelligence officers, the 460-2nd Air Intelligence Service Squadron, and many top-ranking scientists and consultants under secret Air Force contract?

WHY did past Secretary of the Air Force, Donald A. Quarles and certain Air Force officers state in the Project Blue Book, Special Report 14 (Project Blue Book is the Air Force investigating body for the acquisition and analyses of UFO data) that no pattern to UFOs had been found, that there had been no indication of intelligent maneuvers, and that there was not enough data to build a working model of a UFO when, in December 1949, ATIC Project Grudge (the USAC center for UFO research which preceded Project Blue Book and succeeded Project Sign) stated that the majority of reports had described UFOs as being disc-shaped objects about one-tenth as thick as its diameter? Why did this Special Report 14, dated October 25, 1955, list several of its weakest sighting reports as being the cream of the crop when actually the Intelligence files contained hundreds of reliably witnessed reports by experienced pilots, guided missiles trackers, and other trained observers?

WHY has no official appraisal ever been made of General Douglas MacArthur's statement, published in the New York Times, October 8, 1955, that the world nations will have

21


- page 62 -

Here is the text from the document:

to unite against attack by people from other planets?

(The existence of official documents mentioned above has been confirmed publicly by Edward Ruppelt, former head of the Air Force Project Blue Book in his book, "The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects".)

The aforementioned questions should not remain unanswered by the elected represent-
atives who are obligated to 175 million Americans. These men are the voice of the people
They, and no other government body, are in a position to eliminate the secrecy clouding
the UFO issue.

You may ask yourself, when will all the UFO information be released to the public?
This is a difficult question to answer. A solution as to how the release can be achieved
may be much simpler. It is a fact the Air Force is sitting on classified UFO records.

All UFO organizations should unite. This nationwide UFO unit would then urge a Congress
and Investigation of the UFO situation. Only through open hearings in Congress can
the public be fully apprised of developments in this "UFO controversy" the greatest enigma
of modern times.

In summing up the airline case we must conclude that this particular witnessing of
strange objects would under most circumstances be substantial evidence in a court of law.
Normally, if it were an occurrence in everyday life, no one would question such evidence.
But this is not a common, everyday event, nor is there evidence that may be presented in
court of law. Rather, this has to do with a subject shaped by the "authorities" into some-
thing controversial, a subject which they, themselves, have labored to stifle ridicule, an
preempt. Regardless of the overwhelming evidence, they, in their weighted official capa-
city, and with the cooperation of the "free press", explain away all sightings as being
weather balloons, birds, search lights, mirages, hallucinations, temperature inversions,
etc., etc., authenticated by false affidavits, fake photography, misinterpreted radar read-
ings, etc., etc.

If the evidence as presented in this, and similar UFO reports, cannot be accepted,
then of course there is need to doubt and consequently dismiss the validity of human evi-
dence in all phases of human experience. If we do this then we might as well abolish
witnesses, judges and juries. All scientific endeavor, research and progress, in the ulti-
mate analysis depend upon human facilities. Should we therefore abolish human evidence
in these fields? If the answer is no, then there is no reason to disregard human evidence
in the field of Unidentified Flying objects and the double standard now being utilized should
be quickly destroyed.

The people of this, and every country, deserve to know all the facts. If an adjustment
has to be made, it will be done, as it has been so many times in the past. Had this not
been so, our existence on earth would have been brief, indeed.

The struggle for truth must continue everywhere - and in all things.

22


- page 63 -

ADDITIONAL SIGHTINGS ADD WORLD WIDE CREDENCE TO REPORTS

On the evening of February 24th two Scandinavian Airline pilots flying over Denmark, early independently that they had seen UFO's.

At 10:15 AM February 25, 1959 strange sighting was made. He described it as being near Massena, Ohio chemist saw a large, dark, cigar-shaped object. The object appeared solid and seemed to be moving about 30 miles an hour. The object passed in front of the car and then traveled along horizontally beside it.

About 1,000 yards away and approximately 500 feet high. It had a red light on the top and a blinking orange light on the bottom. The man had been a civilian pilot for five years and had never seen anything like it before. He observed this object for about 45 minutes, while outside the car. The object appeared to change shape. He described it as a bellows effect.

As one may remember, this corresponds to the thermostatic shaped sightings in New Mexico. Upon reaching Procksville, Ohio he boarded a bus with another man and they discussed the object together. It was by this time quite some distance away. When they arrived at a distant hill and was lost from sight.

At about 3:45 AM, an engineering firm employee at Hobbs, New Mexico saw the object disappear at the same time and speed. The interference on his radio stopped when the object disappeared. The interference was a steady succession of two dots and a dash.

Friday, February 28th two days later than the Airlines sighting, between 7:25 and 7:45 AM, a close watch was reported over a London, England airport. RAF Fighter Command Headquarters described the light as a 'bright yellow light that climbed vertically'. It was stationery in one position for some time. Then climbed away at a high speed. "(Here again we find the same variations. Captain Killian.) Air Traffic Controllers, and others apparently had it in view and examined it.

Radar Operators, however, reported that the light did not appear on their glasses.

The Air Ministry issued two explanations. While the light was hovering, it was tentatively the planet Venus, they said. When it climbed away, the light was cone shaped and worn to shreds that there remains a mystery.


- page 64 -

MAJOR GENERAL W. P. FISHER
DIRECTOR OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON

MAJOR LAWRENCE J. TACKER
EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PUBLIC INFORMATION DIVISION
OFFICE OF INFORMATION SERVICES


- page 65 -

Here is the text from the document:

Saucers trail AIRLINER
By Curtis Fuller

This amazing performance was witnessed by 39 persons on the plane for 45 minutes and 250 miles.

AT 7:10 p.m. on Wednesday, February 25, an American Airlines DC-6 airliner took off from Newark, N.J., nonstop for Detroit, Mich. Aboard were 35 passengers. At the controls were Capt. Peter Killian of Syosset, N.Y., an airline veteran of 15 years, and co-pilot John Dee of Nyack, N.Y. Stewardesses were Edna La Gate and Beverly Pingree.

After about an hour and a half in the air, the plane was cruising at 3,500 feet altitude between Phillipsburg and Bradford, Pa. At 8:45 p.m. Killian looked off to the south where he saw three bright white lights in a single horizontal line overhead.

"At first I thought it was the Belt of Orion (a group of stars in a constellation) but then I took a second look and saw both the Belt and foreign objects," Killian later reported.

"When Dee caught the expression on my face he asked me if my eyes were tired. I then pointed in the direction of the 'things' and asked him if there were any blinking bugs in the cockpit.

"The objects were by no means close to the plane, but one would move in at intervals, fall back again, and change its place in the formation while keeping abreast of the ship."

Killian decided to let the pas-

25


- page 66 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

3 lights in bright light form.
50 miles E. of Johnstown
as watched. the oval in middle
was riled its distance. its work
light very dim intensity. as bls.
just past 1/2 the little
could disappear and be
regress. as bls. was approx
halfway between, took
off and disappeared. 20 minutes in all.
United Airlines pilots saw it
as well as American airlines.
the American airlines is apparently

Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty, and there are some blacked-out sections in the document. The text appears to be a handwritten account of a UFO sighting involving multiple airline pilots.


- page 67 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FATE

engers see the objects. So as not
to alarm them he started off jok-
ingly by telling them that they
shouldn't feel that he was losing
his mind but that he thought there
were some 'flying saucers' trailing
the plane.

The stewardesses turned out the
cabin lights so the passengers could
get a better view and every one of
the persons in the passenger com-
partment saw the objects. Specul-
tion in the cabin was rife. One man
became alarmed but Killian told
him that UFO's had not been
known to harm anyone and that
if there was danger it would have
become evident long before. Never-
theless, although some passengers
wanted him to veer closer to the
objects he did not change his course.

The objects were visible for 45
minutes, during which time the air-
liner covered about 260 miles. Then,
as they were crossing Lake Erie, the
airliner began its gradual descent
and the three objects were lost in
the haze.

One man aboard the plane was
N.D. Puscas, general manager of
Curtis-Wright's Utica, Mich., di-
vision. He described the objects as
"dancing in the sky." His report
was confirmed with that made by Captain
Killian, and he said: "I don't want
to be quoted alone. People might
get the idea that I'm the little boy
in the corner with a dunce cap on
his head."

As things stood, Mr. Puscas need
not have worried. Both pilot and
co-pilot and 34 other passengers
confirmed the story.

"The way Captain Killian broke
the news to us was very clever,"
Puscas said. "No one panicked or
showed any signs of worry. Every-
one immediately began to show a
keen interest in what was going
on. He did a fine job.

"There wasn't a cloud in the sky
when I looked out and saw the ob-
jects in precision formation. They
were round-like and every now and
then one would glow brighter than
the others as if it had moved near-
er to the plane.

"I have been making that same
trip a number of times because the
home office is in New York but I
have never experienced anything
like that before."

WHEN Killian first sighted the
objects the sky was absolutely
clear. Visibility was about 100
miles. There were broken clouds
below his airliner at about 5,000
feet but the sky above was clear.

"At first I estimated that the ob-
jects were not over a mile above
us," he said. "But since I didn't
know their size this was just an
impression. Later on I concluded
that at intervals one would move
in closer then fall back into forma-
tion."


- page 68 -

SAUCERS TRAIL AIRLINER

At one time Killian thought he was witnessing a high altitude jet refueling operation but the varying intensity of the lights and the changing position of the objects "made me toss out that theory."

In addition, Killian kept watch on his radar screen but saw nothing on it.

When his plane was over Erie, Pa., Killian called on his radio and asked if any other airline crews in the area could see the objects. Two other American Airlines captains answered. One, a little north of Killian's plane, said he had been watching the objects for 10 to 15 minutes. The other was near Toledo and said that he had looked out after Killian's call and seen the UFOs.

Meanwhile, although Killian did not know it at the time, three United Airlines crews along a similar route had also seen the lights. Capt. A.D. Yates and his Flight Engineer L.E. Baney observed them for 30 minutes between Lockhaven, Pa., and Youngstown, Ohio. United Flights 937 and 321 also observed the objects and their crews discussed them over the radio on their way out of Newark. The Akron UFO Research Group also reported receiving reports.

There was general agreement that the lights were on separate "vehicles" holding to a formation.

After he had begun his descent over Lake Erie, Capt. radioed a report to the Airlines Communications Co. Detroit Airport. American Airlines did not notify newspapers but passenger on the plane did call a Detroit newspaper after they had landed. Local American Airlines press officers then okayed release of Killian's report.

When newspapermen interviewed Captain Killian they found a mature man, greying at the temples. Killian is 47 years old and has been flying for 28 years of which 15 have been on the airlines. He has some 20,000 hours to his credit. He was able to give them some additional information.

He told one reporter that he and one other plane took a bearing on the lights and figured roughly that they were 20 to 25 miles distant.

"Occasionally, however, the rear fellow would lag behind," Killian said. "He would be almost double the distance between the other two."

He said he was through being skeptical of UFOs. "Their uneven speed and unusual external brilliance proves they were a type of aircraft which is totally unfamiliar to us. At times these objects emitted a whitish light of blinding brilliance. Then it was like trying to see a dime behind a powerful electric light bulb."

The color of the lights changed


- page 69 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SAUCERS TRAIL AIRLINER 29

"1. To offset the airline crew's reports.

2. As a warning to all airline pilots that they too would be officially ridiculed if they publicly reported UFO sightings.

3. To reduce the growing support on Capitol Hill for open UFO hearings."

On March 20 in Washington, nearly a month later, the Air Force came up with still a third explanation of the Killian sighting. It announced that the lights had come from three B-47 bombers being refueled by a KC-97 tanker. The Air Force report said that the use of several lights during the refueling operation explained some of the airline reports of being followed by lights.

COMMENT. No one who has followed this story, along with the Air Force's twisting and turnings so explaining the sightings, can help but have some doubts about this overly simple explanation.

Why did the Air Force wait nearly a full month before offering a third explanation after having already said that the sightings were due to the pilots seeing the Bell of Orion, and that drunks, deluded people of Mars were responsible for the sightings?

Killian himself had considered the possibility that the lights came from jet refueling operations and was suggested as much when he was interviewed nearly a month before. He had discarded the idea, however, for several reasons. At his then cruising speed of 280 to 300 m.p.h., he said he was going "too slow for jets to stay off my left wing for a long time." Other factors were the changing position of the lights and their varying intensity.

In addition, First Officer Dee declared that after landing he too had considered the possibility of a jet-refueling operation but had made a check and there had been no such flights.

But there is still a further reason for discarding the Air Force explanation. The alleged jets did not show up on Captain Killian's radar screen although he tried repeatedly to get such a showing.

At this point it is definitely anti-climatic (which is the reason we are reporting this at all) to add that Dr. William Liller, assistant professor of astronomy at the University of Michigan offered his explanation of the sighting. He said it was "temperature inversion."

A complicating factor in the whole affair was a flaming blue-green object, probably a "bright meteor" that streaked across the Great Lakes skies early on Tuesday morning, the same day of the Killian sighting. However, the meteor sightings took place from 5:30 a.m. to 5:45 a.m., which was


- page 70 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

about 15 hours before the sight-
ings of the UFO's reported here.
The color of the meteor at first
appeared as orange, changing to
blue, green and white, and then ap-
parently the object exploited. It
came from the northeast, moving
west, and disappeared in the north-
west. It was visible in Ohio, Indi-
ana, Wisconsin, Michigan, Illinois
and Minnesota. Except for the
fairly long time it was in sight—
some observers believed they watch-
ed it for 15 to 30 seconds and had
time to stop their cars and get out
before the object disappeared—
there seems no reason to doubt that
this was a meteor.

It was not, obviously, a tempera-
ture inversion.

THE HUMAN MIND is a
strange instrument. It seeks
constantly to explain the inexplica-
ble in terms of the familiar. It re-
jects the unfamiliar almost auto-
matically, and it forgets facts that
do not square with its own remem-
bered patterns.

So it was that Mr. Puscas, a
month after he had enthusiastically
endorsed the descriptions of Cap-
tain Killian, was relieved to accept
the Air Force explanation of jet
under refueling operations.

He told the Detroit Times, "I
never attached any importance to
the fact that they may have been
flying suckers—but I'm surprised

that it's something as easily recog-
nizable as jet planes. Anyway, I'm
glad to hear what it was because I
knew darned well I saw something."

Other persons were not that eas-
ily impressed. Killian himself de-
clared, "I am sure there are people
on the other planes who have solved
the problem of space travel. I
sincerely believe their vehicles are
coming close to the earth."

American Airlines itself, in comment-
ing on sighting locations, de-
clared that its pilots had had a
considerable number of sightings in
the Midwest, where this encounter
occurred.

Lieut. Col. Lee B. James, an
Army Missile expert from the
Huntsville, Ala. group directed by
Werner von Braun, spoke before
the Michigan Society of Profes-
sional Engineers the day after the Kill-
ian sighting and declared it was
quite possible that the UFO's sight-
ed the night of February 24 were
from outer space.

"I know they are not from here
and they are not coming from Rus-
sia," Colonel James declared. "We
in this civilization are not that ad-
vanced yet."

If Killian and the other airline
crews and passengers really saw
what they reported the UFO's would
have to come from a civilization
in outer space far more advanced
than ours, declared Colonel James.
The fact that the objects did not


- page 71 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FATE

im yellow to bluish white, with
their intensity varying from ex-
treme brilliance to temporary fade-
outs. Killian considered the possi-
bility that the lights were trying to
signal but could discern no pattern
in the light changes.

"Their motion also was unlike
an airplane. Occasionally one of
them would zoom straight ahead of
me. Then it would drop back into
position of my wing, apparently
lagging as if to let me catch up.
The airplane was flying a constant
course and these movements were
amply observed." Killian called his encounter "awe-
inspiring" and said he had never
seen anything like that in the air
before.

AT FIRST there was no comment
from the Air Force on Captain
Killian's report. Then three days
later, on February 28, the Air Force
released a statement through the
Air Technical Intelligence Center.
The report stated that the air-
line crews had all been misled by
the Belt of Orion. Glimpsed through
broken clouds, said the AF report,
Orion's stars created an illusion of
fast-moving objects, deceiving the
airline pilots."

In support of this judgment, the
Air Force declared that one of its
transport planes flying from Wash-
ington to Dayton that same night
had seen Orion through the broken

clouds at 8,500 feet and could vouch
for the illusion.

COMMENT: Captain Killian
pointed out, as did other observers
at the same time, that the airplane
was above the clouds and had about
100 miles visibility. In addition, it
was frequently possible for the ob-
servers to see both the Belt of Orion
and the UFO's at the same time. It
seems unlikely that six airplane
crews and all their passengers were
befuddled.

Killian later declared that "no
experienced pilot is going to be
deceived like that. We all see stars
through cloud breaks thousands of
times. In addition, the only clouds
we had that night were 3,500 feet
below us."

An Air Force spokesman publi-
cly ridiculed all "flying saucer" wit-
nesses and sarcastically labeled
some of them as persons who "can't
remember anything when they sober
up next day." This statement was
quoted in the New York Herald
Tribune.

COMMENT: Captain Killian
took particular exception to this
statement, pointing out that the Air
Force knows that airline pilots don't
drink before flights—"it's one of
our strictest rules."

Donald Keyhoe, director of
NICAP, declared that the Air
Force spokesman's statement was
"plainly meant to serve three pur-
poses:"


- page 72 -

AIR FORCE RIGHT
ON KILLIAN "SAUCER"?
By Fred A. Kirsch

The Killian affair concerns the sighting of three unidentified flying objects by several commercial airline crews and passengers while flying over Pennsylvania and Ohio on the night of February 25, 1956.

This particular UFO case has probably become the most published UFO case of last year. It is my belief that this was not a genuine UFO sighting. I will attempt to show what really caused this sighting.

On the night of the sighting, February 25, 1956, I received a telephone call to investigate a UFO beginning in Rio Bravo. At once as the person saw a UFO he would make several telephone calls, and it was hoped that others would be able to spot this object. In view of the telephone calls, it was identified that the presence of UFO was noted from the United Flight Operations Call at Akron-Canton Airport, also recorded with three UFO.

There were also reports from witnesses on the ground in the Akron area that reported seeing three UFO. Of all the aircraft that were involved, the most detailed account came from Capt. Killian's flight. Capt. Killian had first sighted three bright objects within flight's horizontal line to the south and above him at 8:45 P.M. He was flying at 5600 feet altitude and was between Pittsburgh and Enfield, Pennsylvania on route to Detroit, Capt. Killian first pointed out the objects to his co-pilot, John Doe, and then he informed the 36 passengers of their presence. For the next 45 minutes they saw additional lights. During this time the lights changed color from yellow to bluish white, and their intensity varied from extreme brilliance to temporary reddish. The lights did not change formation, however, they did vary in position relative to each other. The lights were described as being "round-like and every now and then one would glow brighter" than the others as if it had some power to do this. Capt. Killian said, "Occasionally there would be some doubts, the distance between the objects."

At an estimated 25 miles distant, the three lights were 20 to 25 miles distant. The three lights were finally lost to view. Commenting as to what the ob-

17


- page 73 -

AIR FORCE RIGHT ON KILLIAN "SAUCER"

Capt. Killian - "Weird the Air Force was nearly half mad about it" - were the comments of a full month before offering a third explanation after having already said that sometimes were due to the pilot seeing stars in the belt of Orion, but now the Air Force was completely disoriented by the changing positions of the objects.

Most news papers carried accounts of it. This case is still the subject of conversation among a believer in the UFO. But was this a real genuine UFO sighting or is there some radic, natural explanation for the UFO "thing"?

All the UFO people have hoped on the UFO bandwagon, which is only natural, claiming that this is a silver good UFO case. The only other explanations suggested were the stars in the belt of Orion and the aerial refueling operation. The belt of Orion explanation is obviously wrong as let us look at the aerial refueling operation explanation in more detail.

To my knowledge the following are all the reasons that have been suggested to disprove the aerial refueling explanation, Capt. Killian said that the varying intensity of the lights and their changing position made me toss out that theory.

Capt. Killian also said that he was going too slow for jets to stay off his left wing for that long a time. Also his copilot, John Lee, made a check to find if there had been a jet refueling operation and had come up with nothing. It also has been pointed up that the alleged jets did not show up on Killian's radar.

The question was also asked

[Continued on next page with a letter dated 19 March 1959 from an Air Force representative discussing an American Airlines pilot's sighting on 24 February near Bradford, Pennsylvania, and other details about the incident]


- page 74 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AIR FORCE FLIGHT ON RECORD

analysis and evaluation of the writ-
ten report to be submitted. The
Air Force also suggested the pos-
sibility that an had witnessed a
near aerial refueling operation.

These findings were made periodically through the De-
partment of Defense.

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division

The KC-97 refueling a B-47 will fly Office of Information Services
at an altitude of approximately 17,- This letter was quite interesting
000 feet at around 250 knots true air however it still left several questions
speed (ground speed 210 knots). This unanswered. I wrote to the Air Force
would account for the light's being again and received the following
approximately 20 degrees above the letter:
horizon.

American Airlines pilot's report of
the sighting confirmed this and Air
Force records show that three B-47
type aircraft were in the geogra-
phical area positioned above on a
night refueling operation. The
tanker has several groups of lights
which at a distance would appear to
be one or more lights. The time
duration of a refueling operation
varies, can last well over an hour
depending on the type of operation.

2 September 1959
Dear Mr. Kirsch:

This is to acknowledge your letter
of 5 August 1959 concerning the
American Air Line sighting of
February 1959 near Bradford, Penn-
sylvania.

The Air Force did not release an
incorrect explanation for this sight-
ing. However, since the American
Air Lines pilot stated that the in-
tervals of the three lights were iden-
tical to the belt in the constellation
Orion, this was merely initially men-
tioned as a possibility with the
statement that the final conclusion
would be based upon a complete
evaluation by the Air Technical In-
telligence Center.

Your letter also supports this con-
clusion. The American had a ground
speed of approximately 210 knots
and the United Airlines pilot re-
ported sighting it at 9:15 p.m. 50
miles east of Youngstown, Ohio, ap-
proximately 1.5 miles from Akron,
Ohio. This would account for the
tanker aircraft light being sighted
over Akron at 9:15 p.m. by ground
observers.

These findings were made avail-
able to all media representatives
through the Department of Defense
press desk in Washington, D. C. on
16 March 1959. The Air Force is
well aware of its obligation to keep
the public separately informed on
this subject and press releases are

To this end, the months for the Air
Force to identify its own planes. The
Air Technical Intelligence Channels
identified this fact quickly in the
course of fact investigation and
the findings, after a complete ana-
lysis, were released to all news-
papers through the Department of
Defense press desk in Washington,
D. C. on 16 March 1959, only twenty-
seven days after the sighting.

I cannot answer your query con-
cerning the radar equipment aboard
airlines planes. I would suggest you
ask this question of the airline in-
volved. After further correspon-
dence I would be happy to hear
only what can directly be drawn or


- page 75 -

AIR FORCE RIGHT ON KILLIAN "SAUCER"

LAWRENCE S. TACKER
At augmented in his last letter I
wrote to American Airlines inquiring
about the radar equipment aboard
the DC-6A with special reference to
the following letter:

November 9, 1959

Dear Mr. Killian:
The radar that we carry on our
DC-6A is well as the DC-7C's, 707's
and the Electra is a C-Band weather radar with iso-echo defining
and is used entirely for the avoidance of turbulence and hail. It is
not, under certain conditions, to detect the presence of other aircraft
but its value in this regard is negligible. I have used it myself to detect other aircraft in flight when I
could see the other aircraft and
was doing that in most collision
avoidance situations it was difficult to establish the presence of the "big" even
when the motion of the traffic was
known. I do not believe, from personal observation, that this equipment has any real utility in collision
warning speed if it were to be maneuvered due to its special radar

and revolving power.
Yours very truly,
Franklin W. Koik
Director, Equipment Research
American Airlines, Inc.

I won't make a long analysis of
these letters but will let them stand
by themselves. In view of this information it is my opinion that this sighting was actually caused by an
aerial refueling operation. That the
Air Force explanation for this case
is correct, and that civilian UFO research is gutty of failing to look far
enough to find the truth.

The first letter from the Air Force
proves that Capt. Killian was wrong
about the three objects being too
slow to be jets.

The letter from American Airlines
explains why the objects did not
show up on Capt. Killian's radar net.
It is clear that whenever co-pilot
John Dee checked with supply did
not know of the refueling operation.
As for the varying intensity and
position of the lights, an aerial refueling operation can also account
for this. The lights would change relative position as the jet aircraft involved would move closer or further
away from each other. Their intensity could vary because of the angle of observation.


- page 76 -

SAUCERS TRAIL AIRLINES

above on Captain Kilman's radar screen might be explained by an advanced technology using a special coating or material that they know would not show on radar, Colonel James said.

A few days later, on March 11, Navy Rear Admiral George Dufek, who headed the U.S. Antarctic search and exploration program, did his bit to keep the controversy wide open.

He advised the American public not to dismiss the possibility of UFOs. It is not beyond possibility that some of the supposed meteors exploding in the earth's atmosphere actually were saucers driven from Venus or other planets is our galaxy by intelligent creatures.

"I think it's very stupid for anyone to believe that no one has ever seen anything as intelligent as we are," he said.

The dilemma of conflicting reports and counter-reports which has continued in recent months was dramatized by a statement made before a Congressional committee by Maj. Gen. William Dick, Jr. General Dick was asked if he had any information to substantiate flying saucer reports.

"No, I do not," he declared. "But I answer that question with fear and trepidation because my wife believes in flying saucers."


- page 77 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Note: Several lines are heavily redacted/blacked out, making parts of the text illegible]

"Hella [illegible]
[illegible] American
[illegible], Pennsus, [illegible]
[illegible]

[illegible] that Capt
[illegible] sult, had not
made a condition yet to
their office. He stated the
newspaper [illegible] the
[illegible] given. Capt.

[illegible] is in New York
at this time. [illegible]
stated he would obtain a
report and forward it to
this office as soon as possible."

The document appears to be a handwritten note with significant portions redacted by black lines.


- page 78 -

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 25--THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
utes, all the way to Detroit, and the pilot lost sight of them only
when he began to let down through the haze for a landing

Reporters and Photographers were waiting to interview him,
and next day's Detroit Times carried a banner headline, "Mystery
Discs Trail Plane Here," over a picture of Captain Killian flanked
by the plane's two pretty hostesses, all three smiling as they held
up to the camera three ordinary kitchen saucers [9]. After checking
with the Detroit ATC, who did not know of any scheduled re-
fueling operation, the pilot reported his experience to officials of
American Airlines, and next day returned to New York where again
he was besieged by reporters and photographers. Meanwhile, fol-
lowing standard CIRVIS procedure (Communication Instruction
for Reporting Vital Intelligence Sighting from Aircraft), the Man-
ager of Operations of American Airlines reported the incident to
ATC at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.

In New York the day after the sighting Captain Killian gave a
telephone interview to Radio Station WCHC, Charleston, West
Virginia, describing his experience. Following the customary pro-
cedure, intelligence officer from Mitchell Air Force Base questioned
him and filled out the usual report form [2]. In the radio interview
and in the talk with intelligence officers Captain Killian made the
same statements he had made to American Airlines officials: he
didn't know what the lights were, and he couldn't tell how far
away they were because he didn't know their size or their alti-
tude [10].

Not for months had such a good flying-saucer story appeared,
and the newspapers made the most of it. Among the first to assert
that the unknown lights had been flying saucers was the UFO
Research Committee of Akron, Ohio (see Chapter XIII). Members
of the committee had received the news by telephone, even before
Captain Killian's plane landed at Detroit, from the pilot of a United
Airlines plane who had watched the lights on his flight to Akron.

During the days following, Captain Killian's copilot gave an inter-
view on Long John Nebel's after-midnight radio program in New
York. Captain Killian himself described the UFOs to members of
a New York UFO organization, Civilian Saucer Intelligence (CSI),
and appeared on several radio and TV programs. Both saucer
addicts and newsmen besieged Air Force representatives, demand-
ing an immediate explanation of the sighting. Finally, on February
28, only two days after receiving the report from American Airlines,
ATIC yielded to public pressure and produced a tentative theory:
it was possible that the pilots might have sighted the stars of Orion,
as Captain Killian had first suggested. However, the release added
no definite conclusion could be reached until all the facts had been
studied.

Promptly rejecting the possibility that he might have been look-
ing at Orion, Captain Killian stated in an interview with the New
York Herald Tribune, "I am sure there are people on other planets
and that they have solved the problem of space travel. . . . I sin-

cerely believe that their vehicles are coming close to earth."


- page 79 -

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 26-THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
Island Daily Press he stated that the things he saw could not have
been tankers; that he knew what B-47 bombers and KC-97 tankers
looked like, and how they looked in operation at night. (Original
statement to American Airlines: "Never having witnessed refueling
operations at night, I am not aware of the lighting of jet tankers.")
Also, he told the Daily Press, the objects he saw were at least triple
the size of any known tanker or bomber. (Original statement to
American Airlines: "Due to the dark and strong lights I was not
able to ascertain any size or shape.") Furthermore, he asserted,
the unknowns had been far too fast for a tanker, and had moved
at a speed of about 2000 miles an hour. (Original statement to
American Airlines: "... it was difficult for me to believe they were
jets because of low speed.)
In rejecting the Air Force explanation of this incident, flying-
saucer addicts ignored several embarrassing questions: If Captain
Killian actually saw interplanetary craft, how did he fail to see
the earthly aircraft operating at the same time and place? If the
unknowns moved at a speed of 2000 miles an hour, how did Captain
Killian and the crews of several other planes, flying at less than
300 miles an hour, keep the unknowns in sight for forty minutes?
In that length of time the UFOs should have covered most of the
distance to the Pacific.
Few persons, given the facts by responsible officials, would persist
in denying the reality of the tankers and conjuring up a fleet of
flying saucers to occupy the relevant cubic area of space. To the
true enthusiast, however, these refueling planes remain incontrovert-
ible proof that spacecraft are among us.


- page 80 -

The Killian Case

The most famous UFO sighting of this type is the Killian case.

On the evening of February 4, 1959, an American Airlines plane was flying from Newark to Detroit. At about 8:45 P.M. when the plane was near Bradford, Pennsylvania, the pilot Captain Killian, noticed some puzzling lights above and to the left of his plane. There seemed to be three, their colors changing from yellow to light orange, dimming and brightening in intensity and shifting their relative positions. At first he supposed he was looking at the constellation Orion, for the lights had the same configuration as the stars in Orion's "belt," but when the lights changed position and he could see Orion itself in addition to the lights, he discarded his first theory. He considered the possibility of a jet tanker refueling operation, but decided the lights were moving too slowly. He couldn't think of any ordinary explanation—but he had long wondered what truth there was in the idea of flying saucers and had thought "there must be something to it."

Over the loud speaker he remarked to the passengers that American Airlines had a special treat for them which they could see by looking out of the left windows. He continued to watch the lights as he flew west toward Detroit, and radioed two other American Airlines planes in the area. Learning that their pilots were also watching the unusual spectacle, he notified Air Traffic Control (ATC) in Detroit. The lights remained in view for about forty min-


- page 81 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ATIC had been collecting facts and trying to analyze them. The basic piece of evidence was Captain Killian's own report to American Airlines, made a few hours after the incident took place. After describing the circumstances of the sighting, the appearance and behavior of the lights, the statement continues:

"The only possible explanation that flying saucers could be a jet-tanker refueling operation. Never having witnessed refueling operations at night, I am not aware of the lighting of the jet tanker.

"My air speed during this complete flight was 250 knots indicated. I also do not know the air speed of tankers during operations if this could be so. I contacted ATC to find out if they had any airplanes on a clearance and no three airplanes were given.

"In summary, it was difficult for me to believe they were jets because of low speed and configuration. If they weren't jets I still don't know any more than I did before even though I watched them for forty minutes before. Due to the dark and strong lights I was not able to ascertain any size or shape. The altitude of the objects was 30 degrees above my horizon. Distance away is unknown." [2]

Almost equally important was the evidence of other witnesses. During the forty-minute period of observation, the crews of five other planes, all flying west in the Pennsylvania-Ohio region, had watched the lights for varying lengths of time. Several persons on the ground in and near Akron had seen them between 9:15 and 9:30.

Air Force investigators methodically gathered the facts and made their analysis and on March 16, only twenty days after the sighting, they released a summary to the press. The mysterious lights belonged to normal terrestrial aircraft. Although ATIC at Detroit had apparently not had the information when first asked, three B-47 bombers of the Strategic Air Command had been carrying out a night refueling operation from KC-97 tankers at the time and place reported. The tanker has several groups of lights which, from a distance, can seem to be one or more lights, and would have looked very much like the three objects described by Captain Killian. Such a refueling operation takes from about forty minutes to more than an hour.

Captain Killian had been flying at an altitude of 5900 feet, and he had given the location of the unknowns as 30 degrees above his horizon; this agreed with the position of the tankers, which were operating at an altitude of 17,000 feet. Captain Killian had been flying west at an indicated air speed of 250 knots; the refueling tankers had also been flying west at a true air speed of 250 knots (ca. 270 mph). Since the courses of plane and tankers were roughly parallel, the tankers had remained in view and would have arrived over Akron at about 9:15, the time that ground observers reported the lights.

Everything checked. Every detail of the incident was accounted for [13]. Nevertheless the solution caused an explosion in the camps of the saucer enthusiasts, who called it, among other things, "imaginative". Forgetting that the "Orion" theory suggested ineditely after the sighting had been only tentative, UFO addicts ridiculed it and asked why the experts had been "forced to come up with this second explanation"—which they greeted with equal ridicule [12].

Captain Killian, too, had apparently forgotten his first report. On March 24, a month after the sighting, in an interview by the Long


- page 82 -

UFO INVESTIGATOR JUL-AUG 1960

Chapter II - The Killian Case.
On July, Capt. Peter Killian, American Airlines, in March
1959, The Killian case was one of the most publicized
sighting of a Unidentified Formation by
Killian, his crew chief, and crew of
five other airliners, while Killian
was piloting a DC-6 from Newark to
Detroit. After Capt. Killian gave
the story on the case, by American
Airlines news release, the AF attempted to
obtain more details and differences
with Killian, Capt. Killian was
puzzled.


- page 83 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Cpt.

American Cables

Remulus, Mich.

The rest of the text is obscured by black redaction marks, making it illegible.


- page 84 -

