The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 8 JUL 50 
2. LOCATION: New Church, Va.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 05-30 PM
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Vieual 
5. DURATION: 0-1/2 MIN
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N.A.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Varying
9. COURSE: Erratic
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: The objects were described as "buzzy" or "burry" in appearance, with no indication of solidity. The movement appeared erratic, describing a zigzag course. The objects appeared and disappeared from view, and at times seemed to stop and turn around. The objects gave the impression of being "not too high" and the observation was discontinued when the objects disappeared from view. Possibility exists that the objects could have been a type of high-flying aircraft, but the unusual movement and apparent lack of solidity made positive identification impossible. The total number of objects was not determined, as they appeared and disappeared from view, making an accurate count difficult.
11. COMMENTS: Insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a letter from the Eastern Shore Broadcasting Company in Pocomoke City, Maryland to the U.S. Air Force Pentagon in Washington, D.C., dated July 3, 1959.

The text of the letter is as follows:

The U.S. Air Force Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I am not sure to whom I should address this letter, or in fact, whether I should even send it at all. The probable embarrassment to you, and that it can more than likely be readily explained.

At any rate, I write to report the observation at length of strange lights in the sky over the Delmarva Peninsula on the night of Wednesday, July 1.

I did not personally see these lights and have no first hand knowledge of them whatever. The information enclosed herein comes solely from Mr. - of New Church, Va. The details and descriptions of the lights were given to him by a Mr. - who resides in New Church, Va. as a witness.

I repeat, that I am embarrassed to send you this story because I am sure you have a simple explanation for the appearance of these lights. However, I understand that you are processing data of this sort and felt compelled to let you have it for what it's worth.

Assuming that there is some simple explanation for the phenomenon, would you please advise us?

Very truly yours,
[Signature redacted]
Program Director

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report describing observations of lights seen from a church in Virginia, facing west. The document provides details about the observers' reluctance to estimate the height of the lights, their observations of neighbors chasing the lights in their automobiles, and lists several "other known observers" from the New Church.

Location: Lights seen from New Church, Virginia, facing West.
Observer extremely reluctant to estimate height due to having no experience in such or related matters. Says could be any height from a few hundred feet on up. But does say that some of neighbors who saw lights chased them in automobiles which indicates some of the observers thought them to be quite low. 
Crescentchanged pattern of light movement from North-south to right-angles to observer, tips or crescent pointing up.

OTHER KNOWN OBSERVERS:
Mr. and Mrs. [redacted], New Church
Mrs. [redacted], New Church 
Mr. [redacted], New Church
Mrs. [redacted], New Church
Mr. [redacted], New Church

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text document describing observations of unidentified lights or objects in the sky.

8:50 PM, EST to apprx. 9:30 PM ... Wednesday, July 1, 1959
Weather Conditions: hot, humid, somewhat hazy, few if any stars, brisk breeze, not too dark.
General appearance of lights or objects: definitely circular in appearance, although during their fastest movement, they appeared to have a tail. Observer readily admits, however, that this could easily be due to a blurring effect caused by rapid acceleration and greater speed.
Color: off-white as, perhaps, the moon in half-stage as seen behind thin, hazy clouds. No specific color tone, but definitely not orange-white. Size not clearly defined, but definitely circular.
No impression of object being spherical, but cannot be positive that it wasn't three-dimensional. No impression of solidity, but cannot be positive that it was not solid.
First impression and description: Thought it (they) was some sort of light being projected into the sky as if by spot light, bason, or movie projector, although this seemed impossible: this because:
1. lights were too high.
2. moved too fast.
3. disappeared suddenly to reappear in different location, and,
4. very definitely did not show beam as from projector at any time.
MOVEMENT: followed crescent pattern...tips of crescent pointing up. Lights appeared whole at right tip, moved at varying speeds to disappear at left tip. Pattern invariable...speed varied from very fast to slow, but movement never completely stopped. When multiple lights were seen, one would disappear to chance another, resembling a game of tag. Occasionally one light would catch another and disappear behind it or mesh with it.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from Lawrence J. Tucker, Major, USAF, Public Information Division, dated July 13, 1959. The letter acknowledges and thanks the recipient for their letter of July 3, 1959 concerning an unidentified flying object sighting. The letter also mentions additional information being provided to Air Force Technical Intelligence Center in Ohio for analysis and evaluation. The letter is signed by Lawrence J. Tucker and includes additional information at the bottom regarding copies being sent to ATIC and SAFIS-3 COMEBACK CY SAFIS-1 READING CY.

SAFIS-3/MAJ TUCKER/vpo/13 July 1959

13 July 1959

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your letter of 3 July 1959 concerning an unidentified flying object sighted over New Church, Virginia, on 1 July 1959.

In view of the number of observers, we would like additional information concerning this sighting. Therefore, I am inclosing three (3) Air Force questionnaires which should be filled out and signed by at least three (3) of the other known observers listed in your letter.

Please send the completed questionnaires direct to Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, for analysis and/or evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

1cc to ATIC
Bcc to [redacted], Program Director
SAFIS-3 COMEBACK CY
SAFIS-1 READING CY

- page 5 -

