PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: April 1957

2. LOCATION: Grand Forks, North Dakota

3. SOURCE: [blank]

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: [blank]

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [blank]

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [blank]

7. COURSE: [blank]

8. PHOTOS: □ Yes □ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: □ Yes □ No

10. CONCLUSION: INFORMATION ONLY

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
This case was reported in March-April 1966. Since the actual sighting had occurred some time ago it is almost impossible to check it out. Also due to the time lag the pertinent data has probably become distorted. Therefore this case is considered Information Only.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    Day         Month         Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The page is Page 7 and appears to be a blank form with two questions, with no additional text filled in.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

HQ (TDGA)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
14 April 1966

McHenry, North Dakota 58434

Dear Mr.

Reference your recent unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

[Handwritten note at bottom of page, partially illegible]:
Dear Sir
... would reported when I saw it
... & thought can 215 that put up the
plane deal, and expected reply to Rapid
...
Yours,
[Signature/name blacked out]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dear people,

Just a word with the gentlemen. If this is only looking this is not a "call this thing I saw".

A Intervention Helicopter flowing of small react some sort.

I must have made part of its file. Because the one I saw poler I got to see on it and look at least quart liquid to fill them Butte again, and I saw it fill up. again clean to the type of the Butte. Then the red light went out, this thing not heavy it sliped through our bouncing case.

Yours truly,

P.S. just a tip, what I think happen when being presented it drops to the ground and on this, please by your at thinking it is a cattle field and other building.

Note: There are some areas that appear slightly difficult to read with complete certainty, so the transcription reflects my best interpretation of the handwritten text.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Letterhead partially illegible]

29 August 1960

Dear [redacted]

This is to acknowledge file of your recent letters addressed to various government agencies concerning unidentified flying objects and/or aircraft accidents.

In a letter dated 19 June 1960 addressed to Captain Wallace W. Elwood at Wright-Patterson AFB, you asked him to confirm a statement made in a letter dated 12 July 1957 to Major Wayne Aho concerning Air Force pilots firing on UFOs. Captain Elwood's statement read, "In a few cases Air Force pilots have officially reported firing on flying objects which they could not identify, and which were later determined to be conventional objects." Since World War II and the Korean war, there have been no reported cases of pilots firing on UFOs. Captain Elwood reiterated this when pilots in the past called "foo" fighters or unidentified aircraft.

In letters dated 13 June 1960 addressed to Captain Joseph L. Wiggins at McChord Air Force Base, 13 July 1960 addressed to Mr. William Kessler at Norton Air Force Base, and 4 August 1960 addressed to Lt. Colonel Walter J. Parry at Norton Air Force Base, you asked for the official findings concerning an accident on 1 April 1959 near Tacoma, Washington involving a C-119 type aircraft. The Air Force findings in this particular case were pilot error due to bad judgement. Neither the accident report nor the cause factors are classified. However, the overall contents of this report are for internal use within the Air Force and may not be released outside official channels. I can assure you, of course, that contrary to previous reports, rumors and speculation that there was no UFO involved in this unfortunate aircraft accident.

In a letter dated 10 August 1960 addressed to Mr. Allen Dulles of the Central Intelligence Agency, you asked his opinion on the subject of unidentified flying objects. Mr. Dulles has referred your inquiry to the U. S. Air Force for reply. In this regard, I am enclosing the latest Department of Defense fact sheet on this subject which plainly states the position of the Department of Defense and the Air Force.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[Letterhead at bottom]
Oklahoma City 6, Oklahoma


- page 5 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO:
ATTN OF: DEPUTY INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR SAFETY
NORTON AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA AFCRS-1

SUBJECT: Request for Information Concerning Aircraft Accident
Involving C-118A Nr 53-3250, 1 April 1959, from

TO: SAF01-3D (LtCol Tacker)

1. Pursuant to the telephone conversation between Mr. Richard F. Gerwing, AFCRS-1 and Capt William M. Mack, SAF01-3D, on 9 August 1960, the following summarization of correspondence regarding requests for aircraft accident information from Mr. Oklahoma City 6, Oklahoma, and replies thereto, is submitted.

a. The original request for accident information, dated 13 June 1960 (Attachment 1), was received by Capt Joseph L. Wiggins Sr., Information Officer, 325 Fighter Wing, McChord AFB, Washington. The letter requested the cause of the accident on 1 April 1959 near Tacoma, Washington involving C-118 Nr 53-3250 as determined by the "Board of Inquiry" as well as a copy of the report prepared. was informed by Capt Wiggins by letter dated 6 July 1960 (Attachment 2), that the request was forwarded to the Directorate of Flight (and Missile) Safety Research (D/FMSR). However, three pages of selected clippings were included by Capt Wiggins for Mr. information. A copy of the request and Capt Wiggins' reply was forwarded to D/FMSR on 6 July 1960 (Attachment 3), for action deemed appropriate.

b. was informed by this office on 14 July 1960 (Attachment 4), that a copy of the accident report could not be furnished because of Air Force directives classifying the document as a privileged report, and that release outside official USAF channels was prohibited.

c. Mr. replied by letter, dated 18 July 1960 (Attachment 5), stating that in addition to the original request for a copy of the report, the cause requested had been ignored. Clarification of the terms "privileged report" and what was meant by "For Official Use Only" was also requested in this letter.

d. Reply to the 18 July letter was accomplished on 1 August 1960 (Attachment 6), and related in detail the reasons prohibiting release of accident information outside the USAF and that denial of Mr. request was not


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

personal but was because of directives and regulations. It
was pointed out that the purpose of his ■■■■■) request
had never been stated in any correspondence and that if he
was under contract to the USAF, details pertaining to his
"need-to-know" should be forwarded through established
channels.

6. Mr. ■■■■■ replied by letter, dated 4 August 1960
(Attachment 7), and requested copies of the regulations
which deny his access to the report and cause factors related
to the subject aircraft accident. A statement that a Mr. ■■■■
had been informed by LtCol Lawrence J. Tucker, Public
Information Division, Department of the AF, Washington, that
The Air Force findings on the C-118 transport crash 1 April
1959 were pilot error due to bad judgment." Mr. ■■■■ asked
if the D/FMSR concurred in this statement and if so, why was
Mr. ■■■■ given the data and not him? Although clear reasons
had been previously given Mr. ■■■■, he again queried as to
the classification of the report which precludes public
dissemination. (The individual ■■■■■, New York.)

2. In addition to the provisions of paragraphs 51 and 52,
AFR 62-14, other directives and regulations as Department of
Defense Directive 5410.1, 5230.12, 5200.6, paragraph 2d(1),
AFR 11-30 and paragraph 3b(2), (3) and (4), AFR 11-22 pertain
to the classification, privileged status and release of acci-
dent and other information outside USAF channels. AFM 5-4
governing forms and publications, as well as AFR 0-2, the
Numerical Index of Air Force Regulations, make no provisions
for the purchase or release of Air Force regulations to
individuals not within the organization of the Air Force.

3. It is requested that copies of the correspondence cited
(Attachments 1 through 7) be reviewed by the Office of Infor-
mation for preparation of a final reply to Mr. ■■■■.
A copy of your reply is requested to be forwarded to the
Deputy Inspector General for Safety, USAF, Norton AFB, Attn:
AFCRS-1.

[Signature]
[Typed name and Air Force details]

Attachments list:
1. Cy Ltr Mr. Maney 13 Jun 60
2. Cy Ltr Capt Wiggins, Sr., 6 Jul 60
3. Cy Ltr Capt Wiggins, Sr., 6 Jul 60
4. Cy Ltr, D/FMSR 14 Jul 60
5. Cy Ltr Mr. Maney 18 Jul 60
6. Cy Ltr D/FMSR 1 Aug 60
7. Cy Ltr Mr. Maney 4 Aug 60

2


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

C
O
P
Y

June 13, 1960

Captain Joseph L. Wiggins, Sr., USAF
Information Services Officer
Headquarters, 325th Fighter Wing (Air Defense)
United States Air Force
McChord Air Force Base, Washington

Dear Captain Wiggins:

I refer to the crash of the C-118 aircraft near Tacoma, Washington on April 1, 1959.

I would very much like to know what the Board of Inquiry that investigated this crash, has concluded to be the cause of the/crash.

If possible, I should like to request a copy of the report of this Board of Inquiry.

Sincerely yours,

C
O
P
Y


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

C
O
P
Y

6 July 60

Oklahoma City 6, Oklahoma

Your letter of 13 June 1960, has been forwarded to:
Director, Flight Safety Research, the Inspector General,
Headquarters USAF, Norton Air Force Base, California.

Enclosed are selected clippings which we hope will give
you information desired.

Yours truly,

/s/ JOSEPH L. WIGGINS SR.
/t/ JOSEPH L. WIGGINS SR.
Captain
Information Officer

USAF

1 Atch
Clippings (3 pgs)

C
O
P
Y


- page 9 -

COPY

HEADQUARTERS
MCCHORD AIR FORCE BASE, WASHINGTON

EWCIS                                                                   6 July 60

Request for Information

Director, Flight Safety Research
The Inspector General, USAF
Norton Air Force Base, Calif.

1. Attached letter recently received from [redacted] plus our reply is forwarded for action deemed appropriate.

2. Director, Operations this base recommended this action under provisions of AFR 62-14.

/s/ JOSEPH L. WIGGINS SR.
/t/ JOSEPH L. WIGGINS SR.
Captain
USAF
Information Officer

2 Atch
1. Ltr [redacted]
2. Ltr (to from this Hq.)

COPY


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

COPY

14 Jul 60

Request for Information

Mr. [redacted]
Oklahoma City 6, Okla

1. Your letter to Capt Wiggins, dated 13 June 1950, which requested a copy of the aircraft accident report involving the C-118 aircraft that occurred on 1 April 1959 has been referred to this headquarters for answer.

2. A copy of the accident report cannot be furnished to you. In accordance with applicable directives, this document is a privileged report for internal use within the Air Force, and may not be released outside official channels.

Sincerely

/s/ WILLIAM RUSSLER
/t/ WILLIAM RUSSLER
Chief, Records & Statistics Division
Directorate of Flight & Missile Safety Research

Copies to: 325 Ftr Wg (FWCIS) McChord
AFB, Wash

COPY


- page 11 -

Call from 83gt #levy ext 6621 or 6622, Grand Forks AFB, N Dakota regarding observation of approximately ten days ago by of McHenry, North Dakota. Phone through exchange Tolna.

He is a farmer and saw this object near the Minuteman site I-37. Sighting 60 miles SSE of Grand Forks AFB. Looked like glass bulbs inside of a ring. The sound was like a tractor back firing. He has made sketches of it. It was 8pm that he observed the object. This man had reported it to #/## Minot but they hadn't done anything about it so he called Grand Forks and told them he had reported it to Minot and was worried cause the UFO was near the Minuteman site. He hadn't thought anything about it at first but then got to thinking it was near the Minuteman site. 83gt Levy said the whole thing was pretty well confused and the man had wanted to #/## hear from someone on his observation to fill out forms or something of the kind.

Informed 3gt Levy that we would send this man a form 164 to complete. 3gt Levy is going to send us a report of his conversation and how the mess got into his hands. He would inform the man that he was going to be sent some forms to fill out and that he was sure this would please him.


- page 12 -

COPY

18 July 1960

Mr. William Russler
Chief, Records and Statistics Division
Directorate of Flight and Missile Safety Research
Norton Air Force Base, California

Dear Mr. Russler:

I refer to your letter dated 14 July 1960.

In addition to a copy of the accident report, I requested the cause of the crash. This request was ignored.

Concerning the "privileged" report, is it officially classified, or just kept out of public hands, by stamping it "For Official Use Only"?

Sincerely,

COPY


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

COPY

Request for Information                                   1 Aug 60

1007 N. W. 14th Street
Oklahoma City 6, Okla

1. Your letter of 18 July 1960 to Mr. William Russler
has been received.

2. Unfortunately, we cannot furnish you a copy of the
accident report nor can the cause factors of the accident
be released since this information is compiled solely for
use within the Air Force for accident prevention purposes
and is not released to anyone outside official channels.
Please understand that your request is not denied as an
individual but is denied because of applicable Air
Force directives and regulations.

3. Your letter to Capt Joseph L. Wiggins, Sr., USAF,
McCord AFB, Washington, and your last letter to this
headquarters did not explain the purpose for which you are
requesting information on the referenced accident. Indi-
viduals or organizations under contract to the Air Force
and having an official requirement may request information
through established channels. If you are in this category,
it is recommended that pertinent details concerning your
need-to-know be forwarded to The Judge Advocate General,
USAF, Headquarters USAF, Washington 25, DC.

Sincerely

/s/ MELVIN P. TERRY
/t/ MELVIN P. TERRY
LtCol     USAF
Division Control Officer
Records & Statistics Division
Directorate of Flight &
Missile Safety Research

Copies to: AFCJA
            AFCIS-B

COPY


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

COPY

4 August 1960

Lt. Col. Melvin P. Terry, USAF
Division Control Officer
Records & Statistics Division
Directorate of Flight & Missile Safety Research
Norton Air Force Base, California

Dear Colonel Terry

I refer to your communication dated 1 August 1960.

If possible, and they are not classified, I should like to request copies of the regulations which deny me access to the accident report and/or cause factors of the C-118 crash of 1 April 1959.

On 23 March 1960, Lt. Col. Lawrence J. Tacker, USAF, Public Information Division, Department of the Air Force, Office of the Secretary, Washington, told Mr. [redacted]

"The Air Force findings on the C-118 Transport crash 1 April 1959 were pilot error due to bad judgement."

Does the Flight and Missile Safety Research Directorate concur in this statement? If so, why was[redacted] given the data, and not I?

I would also like to know if the accident report and/or cause factors of the aforementioned crash are officially classified as "Top Secret", "Secret", or "Confidential" or are withheld from the public through some other means.

Sincerely yours,

[signature redacted]

COPY


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

First, I would like to refer to the report of the 1st Lt. Intelligence, Seattle, Washington, on April 1, 1959. Enclosed:

An Air Force C-118 transport plane, engaged in a flight during a mid of day, pulled to search within a mile radius after sighting an unidentified flying object, Air Force Base, Grand Forks, North Dakota, to effect the 170th AIS squadron, to which it was attached, said a written report here today.

Capt. Jack Cook, pilot of the C-118, said that after taking off from Grand Forks and while turning slightly, he hit something, or something, he was not sure what.

Capt. Cook, however, while in the terminal clearance signal, not reported to him before, back to the base, once more stated, "I was hit."

That was some kind of mid-air collision prior to the call. It was reported that two bodies have been seen by the impact.

That concluding the report to the Arctic Post Intelligence of April 2nd, 1959.

Robert Gribble, Director of the Aerial Phenomena Research Group (national headquarters 2608 N.E. 34th, Portland 12, Oregon) investigators from his U.S. organization had reviewed the results to be for release in this district. I quote in part:

Subject: C-118 Mid-Air Incident on April 1, 1959.

1. The C-118 was flying over the northwestern part of the battlefield or hillside area. This was down in the hills on the north side of the field.

2. Flying at tree-top level and was about to land. He came to be at 200 feet altitude. No plane was on airway.

3. Forced Place, but instead, turned away from the object, still sighted, and did not land at the altitude. It then struck trees on Garrison Hill, slightly damaged, and then two.


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

open the wing tanks, which then might rise and found the place into

a. After 1st Lt. Hausman (pilot) returned from a mission on

visit to the Ground-Ops Shack, he was told by the tower that a
flight under a state of - - - - - - was being conducted and he
to interview residents of the area and to determine that was to cause
such with a - - - - - - .

b. The body of the fourth side of 30 over has not been found.

c. The "Unidentified" continued in flight over town, in close

This concludes the first report, entitled, mailed to us on
April 25th. The following papers, mailed, was also included:
- - - - - - dated April 26th.

Mysterious background 1804 in the sky four-engine Air Force transport
flying all four engines at high speed.
Bill Lewis of CONAC who is
Guard Air Force Base has possible
Plane County.

Lewis, who operated - - - - - - were returning home from mission
ed the brilliant herd object. A
driving. We were center from Minot towards
in 4th try to my right on extremely bright, we
ed then it would appear - - - - - -
brother's barn, and it really
I mean 16 miles, 16 miles just
- - - - that then they arrived some 10
the object, since 4th or 5th
tion directly would be - - - - -
in mid-air. Indicating present
other by - - - - - in 4th try.

A public information at - - - - -
no has realized vertical re - - - -
which - - - - - - - - - - - -
bright light came in view, only
was over the Minot double circle
coming to the landing strip.

Recorded on - - - - - - - - - -

Some text appears to be illegible or cut off, as indicated by the dashes.


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

13.

(with above) said at its 117th
through 119th sittings in the case
was followed by a careful plan, with
place herein, the search of the "Call
to Capt. Dunning's office.

less identified objects were seen in
the search group, and in Capt. Dun-
ning's office. The search was con-
ducted in the building, room of
Capt. Dunning's office, room of
Capt. 14th Press Camp, newspaper
pools were staged today, press
at York Daily, quick to 12:30
with Capt. Gen. Dunning, and
night of the search.

6. Washington in the
over their area, some of the
said that two particular sites
witnessed also medical that
6. In calling the
procedure-like objects as those
from 12:30 to 12:45.

7. At 12:20 P.M.

Seattle area:

8. About 12:20 on
call was received at A.F.O.S.
to National Air Force B.O. that
information center was to make
this statement.

Per A.F.O.S. report:

On October, 1951
the Collins-Dunning case, to
prior to the search. In brief
Fred Ernst, Captain's Chief of
Information reporting Chief of
have to come to Capt. on that
Air Force local, CA. After
view, an additional report was
to be made of the search and
call 2 brief of our own
and CABS.

The text appears to be a portion of a report discussing a search or investigation, with references to specific individuals and times. Some words are partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document.


- page 18 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible. The image appears to be a scanned document with very poor image quality, with text that is too faint or blurry to be read with confidence.


- page 19 -

Bob Bagey
328 No 6th St.
Clean, N.Y.

Major Lawrence J. Tucker
Executive Officer U.S.A.F.
Public Information Services
Dept. of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

I have received a letter from Dir. of the Aerial Phenomena Research Org. out of [blacked out] on the extra-terrestrial research that crashed into the Earth's atmosphere.

Could you please give me your opinion on this matter. Of my knowledge you received a letter from Mrs. Lorenzen, giving you the facts of the case.

I would also like information on the C 118 Transport Air Force plane that crashed, killing its crew of four 15 miles East of McChord Air Force Base on April 1, 1959.

I would like to receive an answer, as soon as possible pending a news broadcast. I wish to thank you for taking time in the reading of this letter.

Kindest Personal Regards,
DR
News Director of Radio Station [blacked out] N.Y.


- page 20 -

SAFOI-34/Maj Tucker/may/722-1

23 March 1960

Dear Mr.

This is to acknowledge your recent undated letter concerning unidentified flying objects.

Mrs. , Director of the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization at McGill University in Cornish to the Air Force for analysis and evaluation to physical evidence she claims to have from a space ship.

The Air Force Accident Board Findings on the C-113 Transport crash on 1 April 1959 near McChord Air Force Base were pilot error due to bad judgment. In this particular accident, the pilot was advised by the tower to break off his approach due to jet aircraft in the vicinity. He subsequently crashed into the hillside.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Olean, New York


- page 21 -

SAFOI-3/baa Tucson/bab/72291

23 March 1960

Dear [redacted]

I refer to your Western Union telegram dated 17 March 1960 stating that AERO would not send the UFO results to Claims to have to the Aerospace Begnical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, because AFR Regulation 200-2 would prevent release of the findings to the general public.

This is erroneous and I can assure you that Air Force findings would be released immediately to the general public and the reported (UFO) evidence would be released to a concerned organization upon completion of the analysis and/or evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Director
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization

cc: Maj. Fried, ATIC

[Illegible stamps and markings at bottom of document]


- page 22 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4TH STRATEGIC AEROSPACE DIVISION (SAC)
GRAND FORKS AIR FORCE BASE, NORTH DAKOTA 58201

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DXI
SUBJECT: UFO

13 April 1966

TO: TDEW/UFO
Wright Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio 45133

1. Following is a written recount of a telephone call between this directorate and the UFO Center. This is the information offered to the Center.

2. A call was received at Grand Forks AFB Base Operations on Wednesday morning, April 13. It was from a Mr. [redacted], a farmer, of McHenry, N.D., telephone number Tolna [redacted]. His farm is located 7 1/2 miles north and 2 miles east of McHenry. The farm is approximately 1 1/2 miles away from a Minuteman II missile site, I-37, and this is the reason he made the report, because he was worried that the sighting was in the vicinity of the site. Sometimes between 3-7 April 1966, he made a sighting at 8 p.m. in the evening. All he could tell was that the object resembled glass bulbs in a ring and made a sound like a farm tractor backfiring. He didn't make the report at first, but later changed his mind because of the Minuteman II silo.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of] JOSEPH E. ZANEY, Major, USAF
Director of Information

Peace . . . is our Profession


- page 23 -

MAGNETIC TAPE - INTERVIEW IN FILE

[The rest of the text is partially obscured/blacked out and only partially legible, with some words visible such as "organization", "Director", "New York", but most of the text is redacted or too blurry to confidently transcribe.]


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

Akron Beacon Journal
23 March 52

Akron Speaker Says So

Flying Saucer
Rays Bringing
Down Planes?
By DON KIRKMAN

Those saucy flying saucers are picking on us. Not only that, they don't like us a bit and are using their "ultra-sonic heat wave" guns. Earthmen as targets for their guns.

That's the story Akronites heard Thursday night after they trudged through a windy night dotted with plenty of cold, flying identifiable white objects—snow—to hear a three-hour speech on Unidentified Flying Objects—saucers.

According to the director of the Aerial Phenomena Investigations Society, Robert Barry of Olean, N. Y., saucers are not only real, they're "hostile".

HE CLAIMS the saucers have used "micro-wave ionizers" (producers of ultra-sonic heat waves, that is) on Brazilian soldiers, American jet-fighter pilots and airliners in both countries.

This deadly weapon, he says, can knock out any electrical system in any machine. Its blames ionizers for the crash of Air Force fighters and cargo planes.

Barry also inferred that last week's airline disaster in Tell City, Ind., was caused by one of the mysterious interplanetary visitors. He hinted darkly that New York City's big electrical blowout last Summer could have been the result of a blast from a saucer's "micro-wave ionizer."

"The saucers are hostile," he warned.

THE AERIAL phenomena chief claims the Air Force, press, television and airlines are conspiring to hush up the facts.

"The Air Force has spent $9,000,000 investigating saucers," he said, "and then they say they're hoaxes, mirages and hallucinations."

Airlines tell their pilots to keep their mouths shut and the press and television won't print or broadcast our facts. Congress is investigating "everything else" he thundered, "why not investigating flying saucers?"


- page 25 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Note: The text is at an angle and partially cut off, so I'll transcribe what is legible]

...standing
heard so by who was a
I was Saturday. I would Please disappear
that I would... Then as I thought
in a clear sky... to it
I could discuss a upper... The more
I tried the more I felt all of
and partly a lifted sun. To it
over the satellite clean to it
the details of sun as no let
ter, from its small... These
only when it became dark we could
...

At the bottom of the page:

752 N. L. A. Rear.
Pasadena, Calif.

Some words and sections are illegible or cut off due to the angle and positioning of the text on the page.


- page 26 -

We wanted to see what was on top of this flat place. We landed at 1 P.M. While walking about the top of this place we noticed something coming in for a landing. It was about 8 feet across and was round and flat like a saucer. The undersides were a reddish color. It skidded to a stop about 30 feet away. This next you won't believe and I don't care but it's the truth. We walked up to the thing and it was some animal like we never saw before. It was hurt and as it breathed the top would rise and fall making a half foot hole all around it like a clam opening and closing. Quite a hunk had been chewed out of one side of this rim and a sort of metal looking froth issued. When it saw us, it breathed frantically and rose up only a few inches, only to fall back to earth again. It was moist and glistened on the top side. We could see no eyes or legs. After a 20 minute rest, it started pulsating once more. (We stayed 10 feet away.) And so help me, the thing grew as bright as all get out, except where it was hurt. It had a mica like shell body. It tried to rise up again, but sank back again. Then a large round shadow fall on


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

NOTICE
MR. ROBERT BARRY LECTURES ON
AIR FORCE FLYING SAUCER ORDERS REWRITTEN - TAKE SIGHTINGS SERIOUSLY

MR. ROBERT BARRY, CIVIL DEFENSE DIRECTOR FOR THE CITY OF OLEAN, NEW YORK, NEWS DIRECTOR OF RADIO STATION WANS, OLEAN, and DIRECTOR OF THE AERIAL PHENOMENA INVESTIGATIONS SOCIETY, WILL APPEAR AT THE LYNN THEATER, BROWN STREET and WATERLOO ROAD, AKRON, FOR PUBLIC LECTURE ON MAY 24, 1959, 8:00 p.m. - ADMISSION $1.00 FOR ADULTS, STUDENTS 50¢. FREE PARKING AT ADJOINING LOT.

Mr. Barry is being brought to Akron by the Unidentified Flying Objects Research Council's area residents may learn the real significance of the recent news release which appeared in the Akron Beacon Journal on February 28, headlined - "AIR FORCE FLYING SAUCER ORDERS REWRITTEN - TAKE SIGHTINGS SERIOUSLY."

Mr. Barry will relay the full content of Page 15 of the Air Force document issued to its command December 24, 1959, stating USAF must rapidly and accurately identified as serious USAF business in the Z1 Zone of Intrigue. This photographic copy of the AF document, to be shown at the lecture in the form of a film slide, will prove the full existence of the mysterious UFOs.

The foregoing incidents which Mr. Barry will enlarge upon should be weighed and considered as being directly related to the new orders issued by the Air Force that "UFOs are serious business."

He will tell of a near crash of a National Airlines DC-6 in 1953, near Philadelphia, with a "hushed" disc-shaped object "causing passengers in the plane to tumble to the aisles when the pilot put the plane in a full dive. The incident failed to appear on the national news wires across the nation.

Mr. Barry will also relate the "hushed" incident of August 13, 1952, when a total of 68 unidentified "flying objects" were visually sighted and traced by radar within ten miles of the Washington National Air- port in a period of three hours. The Civil Aeronautics Administration confirms this in an official document which was never released to the public.

Mr. Barry will reveal statements by an Air Force Colonel saying C-118 Transport crashed as the result of possible mid-air collision with an unknown object. (Crash occurred April 1, 1959, killing its crew of four.) He will play a tape-recorded telephone interview with Col. Robert E. Booth, Air Transport Group Commander, 1705 Air Transport, McGuard AFB, Washington, Col. Booth said in the "pilot died from crashing that he had struck some object in the air." APIS will also report statements made by residents of Offutt Lake, Washington, stating they sighted a "brilliant aerial object" traveling at a high rate of speed. They said it appeared to be "just over the trees." The sighting occurred about 11 minutes following the crash of the C-118.

The full report will be given during the lecture. Incidents in the United States and Brazil involving persons being burned about the bodies by the mystery sky objects will be told. He will reveal for the first time an incident involving an unidentified Flying Object in connection with a Brazilian Army Garrison kept under wraps since 1957. "The Ultrasonic Heat Wave Been and You" will be one of the most startling factual accounts. Thoroughly investigated and authenticated, never released to the public.


- page 28 -

LAUNCHED — Vernalis, 
Calif., Apr. 11 — The Air 
Research and Development 
Command of the Air Force 
announced Thursday it 
had launched the world's 
largest plastic balloon. The 
balloon's diameter is 240 
feet and is fabricated of 
polyethylene plastic only 
one-thousandth of an inch 
thick. Filled with helium, 
the balloon reached a ceil-
ing of 115,000 feet. — AP 
Wirephoto.

The image shows a tall, thin photograph of a large balloon being launched, with the text describing the details of the launch.


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

FLYING SAUCER
Source: Flying Saucer - Galt, Nebraska Calif.

This section of FLYING SAUCERS is devoted to factual reports by our readers. Here you will find the personal accounts of those who have actually seen flying saucers, and here, if you are one of those lucky ones, is the place for you to tell your own story if you have had any sort of "saucer" experience, please send it in to us and we will print it.

April 23th, 1959, I was out in the back yard working on an old washing machine. The time was 8:30 P.M., and the sky was perfectly clear. The sun was setting in the west and a couple of jet planes were creating brilliant vapor trails which showed dramatically against the blue sky because of the setting sun.

I called my wife out of the kitchen to have a look at the pretty display which was so striking against the clouds. Immediately her eyes lowered and centered on a bright object hanging motionless in the sky to the north. We are only about one mile away from the mountains to the north of us which average a height of around 5,000 feet. On the crest of the mountains are about five or six television broadcasting towers to cover the millions of population in the Los Angeles County, Pasadena and Glendale in nearest to these mountains.

As soon as she exclaimed "Look, that's that over there?" I too lowered my vision from the vapor trails to the bright object hovering in the direction of the mountains. I saw it and was impressed by its metallic sheen. It was too early for my stars to be out. Furthermore, it was not as brilliant as a star or planet in a cloudless sky, but it had a little larger diameter. I estimated it to be about a mile away and about 20,000 feet high.

I could even have been lower. (If one would hold his arm out at length with his hand at the level of the top of the head this would be about the correct angle of ascent.) In which we viewed the object.) We watched it hovering motionless for about fifteen minutes when I decided to get further witnesses in case this reached the newspapers. I called out the neighbors next door who were watching television, and when I asked them if they wanted to see a flying saucer, they laughed it off as an early star and went back to their TV set. As they disappeared into their living room, I hollered at them "When the sun sets you won't see any star in that position!" I was right. At 8:45 the sun had set and the object had slowly disappeared from sight. My wife, with her keen eye sight said she could still faintly see it, but I could not. Before it had lost its brilliance, however, I ran into the house and brought out the only glasses I had which was a little 4-power field glass with no prisms. I trained it on the object and registered not a little surprise at what I saw. My first exclamation-

52


- page 30 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Here again

most

Bugby in light
glass 10 to
with 12 Htg

log hile Wilder
Sparks some escape
the city.

Some words are partially illegible or difficult to read with complete certainty.


- page 31 -

Text found on the document:

8. R.M.

The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch of a circular object, possibly a UFO or flying saucer, with several small circular elements around its perimeter. The drawing is in pencil or light graphite on a white background.


- page 32 -

The only legible text on this page is the word "Time" written in the top right corner of the document. There is a faint hand-drawn sketch or diagram in the bottom right quadrant of the page, but the details are not clear enough to describe precisely. The rest of the page appears to be a white or off-white document with a dark vertical line or fold running down the center.


- page 33 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
X April 1959
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 8:00 1
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern         (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Central                     b. Standard
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other: Central

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
One mile east of farm building near road
No. 2 N. 2nd
                Nearest Postal Address        City or Town        State or County   30 Early

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
             X    1    Y
             Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain         c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain  d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you       e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 34 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page with some faint vertical lines and very light markings, but no discernible text can be read.


- page 35 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page with some very faint markings or lines, but no clear or readable text is present.


- page 36 -

The text on this page is very faint and mostly illegible. I can make out a few partial words:

"appl" (possibly "applied")
"K" 
Some other very faint, indecipherable handwritten markings on the left side of the page.

The page appears to be mostly blank with a vertical line dividing it into two sections.


- page 37 -

Here is the text I can discern from the image:

Long Hill Walden

Stop here
the class

There is a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a car or vehicle at the bottom of the page. A large black redaction or mark obscures part of the document.

The text is partially illegible due to the image quality and handwritten nature of the document.


- page 38 -

This appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram with very faint pencil lines. Most of the text is illegible or too light to read clearly. The image contains what seems to be a rough drawing of some kind of object or vehicle with curved lines and circular shapes, but the details are not distinct enough to describe with certainty.


- page 39 -

The image appears to be a nearly blank white page with some faint vertical lines and edge markings. However, the text is not legible. I cannot make out any readable text on this page.


- page 40 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be almost entirely blank or illegible. There are some faint lines and shadows, but no clear text or discernible content can be read from this page.


- page 41 -

There is very little legible text on this page. The image appears to be a document with a hand-drawn sketch of what seems to be an aircraft or object in the bottom right quadrant. Most of the text is too faint or blurry to read with certainty.


- page 42 -

There is very little legible text on this page. There appears to be a faint sketch or diagram in the bottom right quadrant of the page, but most of the document is blank or extremely faded. I cannot make out any clear words or text.


- page 43 -

MAY 1959 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

2       New York                                Trans Canada Airlines      Balloon
2       Pease AFB, New Hampshire                Military (RADAR)           Other (FALSE TARGET)
2       Vanderhoof B.C., Canada                                            Astro (METEOR)
3       Dayton, Ohio                                                       Insufficient Data
5       Rickey, Montana                                                    Other (CHAP)
5       Dayton, Ohio                                                       Balloon
8       Waxahachie, Texas                                                  Aircraft
8       Wilmington, Delaware                                               Aircraft
8       12 MI NE of Austin, Texas                                          Aircraft
13      Tishomingo, New Jersey                                             Astro (ALTAR)
13      Offutt AFB, Nebraska                     Military                  Insufficient Data
14      Miami, Florida                                                     Astro (METEOR)
14      Elsinore, California                                               Astro (PHOTO)
17      Philadelphia, Pennsylvania                                         (PHOTO)
17      Offutt AFB, Illinois                                               (PHOTO)
18      4 MI W of Greensboro, Kansas                                       (PHOTO)
19-20   New Madison, Ohio

20      Alexandria, Virginia                                               1. Astro (METEOR)
21      8 MI E of Rapid City, South Dakota                                 2. Other (SEARCHLIGHT)
25      West Bloomfield, Wisconsin                                         Balloon
26      Burlington, West Virginia                                          Insufficient D ata
27      Dallas, Texas                                                      Astro (METEOR)
29      6 of Valladolid, Spain                   Military                  Insufficient Data
29      Japan                                    U.S. Navy                 Astro (METEOR)
29      Hawaiian Islands                         U.S. Navy                 Astro (METEOR)
30      Hawaiian Islands                         U.S. Navy                 Astro (3 METEORS)
30      Prime Hook Beach, Delaware               U.S. Navy                 Astro (METEOR)
30      Hawaiian Islands                         U.S. Navy                 Astro (METEOR)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE                     EVALUATION
May-Jul Pacific Area                             Summary
May     Universe                                 Science News Ltr
Summer  Oakland, Oregon                          (Ltr)
6       Casa Carlos, Canada                      Newsclipping
20      Tres Lomas, Argentina                    (Ltr)
21      Britisl, Italy                           Newsclipping              (Ltr)


- page 44 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw this object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 45 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

A circle or 2 In northwest it disappeared slowly

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    (No)    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    (No)    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:     moved north of the cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound     no sound
b. Color     bright gray

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 80 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1500 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other standing of my car

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
                    standing by my car

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes    No     e. Binoculars     Yes    No
b. Sun glasses       Yes    No     f. Telescope      Yes    No
c. Windshield        Yes    No     g. Theodolite     Yes    No
d. Window glass      Yes    No     h. Other plain glass

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Note: Question 26 is left blank in this document]


- page 47 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
    no

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
    NAME [redacted]
    ADDRESS [partially legible] West Fargo, North Dakota
    TELEPHONE NUMBER 242-9558   AGE 61   SEX male

    Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
    average man

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    [blank fields for Day, Month, Year]


- page 49 -

