PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE: Jun 50
2. LOCATION: Danville, Va.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. GMT: 
6. PHOTOS: □ Yes □ No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: not given
8. SOURCE: civilian
9. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Around 10:30 watching something swirling & moving in form of 14 & normal to be descending at a great rate of speed in a slanted dive. Four body turns along an 11 ft. height straight in perspective. Powerful. They did not pick it out of sight, but just disappeared. 20 count.

11. COMMENTS: Witnesses in/the conclusion of the witness that this was a point of glow. The smoke & haze in the area watching is visible.

12. CONCLUSIONS:
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

July 5, 1959

Department of the Air Force
UFO Investigation Team
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Sirs:

One week ago I sighted an unidentified flying object. My attention was called to the object by my daughter, aged 10.

I have been a life-long student of aviation, took my first flying lesson at the age of 16. Spent three years in the USAF. Have been a member of the National Aeronautics Association for six years, an honorary member of the Parachute Club of North America; chief judge of the Parachuting Contest -- National Aircraft Shows, Dayton, Ohio and Philadelphia, Penn.

I have been a "flying saucer" fan for a long time but up to now had never seen anything I would class as a saucer. My pet theory was that these objects were interplanetary space vehicles. I have watched for them many times without success. I have talked to people who have spotted these objects but satisfied myself that they had seen ordinary planes from angles which obscured its wings.

For a few hours after sighting the flying object last week I was certain I had seen a craft from outer space. I was certain that the object was real and solid. It was very weird looking but was definitely airfoil-shaped. Afterseeing the one object during our four distinct objects in perspective. In speaking with the Air Force "Thunderbirds" or the Navy "Blue Angels" but I knew they would not be flying a tight formation at this time of the day. I would give down a city through the haze. I also knew they could not make a sharp right-angle turn as such a low altitude.

The object made no sound at all. It seemed to be pushing the smoke and haze in front of it and around it. It seemed to be descending at a fast rate of speed in a shallow dive.

My daughter, aged 10, first spotted the object. She was in the front yard with her mother at the city. I was in the backyard surrounded by trees. She called, "Daddy, come here, quick!" I came around the house and she said, pointing to the moving object, "Daddy what is that thing, is it a plane or what?"

I took a look at the weird, airfoil-shaped object and knew right away that I was in an airplane. It did not seem to be under any control but was just boring in toward the city. I had no fear thinking it was a bomb or missile but an intense curiosity because I had never seen anything like this. As the object went below the


- page 2 -

Here is the full text from the document:

horizon, about four miles away, I told my daughter to watch
for it at a point where I estimated it would break out into
the clear again. While we were watching this spot the object
evidently made a sharp right turn, while below our field of
vision, and I saw four objects climb steadily in perfect formation. They moved up about 5 or 10 degrees above the horizon
and disappeared. They did not climb out of sight or give an
extra burst of speed, they were climbing and all a maneuver.

Beg---ause my theory of space craft-unless, perhaps the martians
or venusians or star X men, moving that I spotted them on one
of their observation jumps have brainwashed me. Well at most
they have left me a bit confused. However, I have not been
subject to hallucinations and I don't believe in ghosts.

My conclusion, since there was no sound, since there were no
other defining characteristics that on a very hot day a pocket
of gas and formed in the air and had found a channel through
which to move. The smoke and haze in the air was at visible
and moving so. Though the air was relatively calm, an
aerial chance. I would imagine that under certain conditions
the gas would appear to be luminous or silvery or as a bright
light, perhaps the peculiar high low or rising gas then it
breaks away from its pocket cause it to break away in distinct
patterns of four or six or more.

I thought perhaps you might want to add this sighting, and my
conclusion to the files of the UFO. My daughter and I would
be most cooperative if any USAF rep. wishes to discuss this
matter further. I am almost certain it was a pocket of gas.
and yet I sure hate to loose my status as a "Flying Saucer" fan.
I would welcome some cross-examination.

Thank you.

[Note: There is a blacked-out section at the bottom of the page]


- page 3 -

Place: Danville, Va.
Date: June 27, 1959
Time: Approx. 6 p.m.
Visibility: Slight haze
Wind: None
Sun: Just dropped below horizon

Temperature: 90 degrees
Direction of travel: SE
Speed: Fast

INTERPLANETARY:
- Did not follow course of river
- Fast speed
- Right angle turn
- Perfect formation of 4 objects

POCKET OF GAS:
- Hottest day of year
- Smoke & haze in front of object
- No sound
- No other sighting
- Apparent huge size


- page 4 -

