PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
17 Nov 59

2. LOCATION
Duncanville, Texas

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1940
GMT 17/2140Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XGround-Visual

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 to 10 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
SW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Red, silver obj, size of half dollar. First seen in the East & disappeared in the Southwest.

11. COMMENTS
The description is very similar to that of a weather balloon.

12. CONCLUSIONS
■ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52))


- page 1 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

[The page also contains Page 6 in the top right corner]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Blacked out text]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Partially legible handwritten text, mostly obscured]


- page 3 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 150 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [partially redacted] Street, [partially redacted] City, Zone 24, State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

What is your present job? [blank]
Age 12     Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school: Both in day school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
f. Other special training: Junior High

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 14 December 1959


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: [Partially legible, appears to be from 1959]

[Handwritten text below, partially legible but difficult to fully transcribe due to handwriting and image quality. Some words and phrases can be made out, but a complete verbatim transcription is not possible without potential errors.]

The handwritten portion appears to be a narrative description of an observation, but the full details are not clearly legible.


- page 5 -

Page 10 is visible at the top right of the document.

The text at the top of the page is partially legible, but not completely clear. The first few words appear to be "Join into the..." but the rest of the text is difficult to read with certainty. Only fragments of words can be discerned.

The majority of the page is blank white space within a bordered frame.


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can see in the image:

90° Zenith

180° S
135° SE
90° E
45° NE
0° N

315° NW
270° W
225° SW

At the bottom of the image, there is a handwritten note that appears to say "I don't know this is any good" (though the text is slightly illegible).

The image appears to be a diagram of a celestial sphere or horizon, with compass directions and elevation angles marked.


- page 7 -

U. S. Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

I saw a flying saucer on the day of November 17, 1959 at 3:40 P.M.
The saucer was moving in a South West of the Navy Base. It was about
the size of a small American car. The saucer was round like a balloon
was made of a metalic element. The saucer gained speed and altitude
as it flew, or more. It went in a curved maneuver pattern. The color
of it was a very bright metallic. It made no sound that I know of.
I observed it for a few minutes with Mother and a friend. There wasn't
a cloud in sight and visibility was very good. The ground wind was
moving a Southwest direction.

name
age 12
mailing address
Duncanville, Texas

When I first saw it wasn't moving.

Your truly,
/s/

P.S. I don't think it was a whether balloon because it went fast for
a balloon.

C
O
P
Y


- page 8 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ATIC-IN-1034g

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: SAFOI-31 (Major L. J. Tacker)

It is suggested that a questionnaire be forwarded to Mr. Farris.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
Philip G. Evans
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

1 Atch:
Cy ltr 18 Nov 59, 1

[Date on document: 27 NOV 1959]

[There are also some handwritten notes on the bottom right of the document, but they are not clearly legible]


- page 9 -

SAFF 3 Maj Tacker/amh/7829l

2 December 1959

Dear [redacted]

This is to acknowledge your letter of 19 November 1959 regarding a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Your letter does not contain sufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, request you complete the attached Air Force Questionnaire in regard to the sighting and forward the completed paper to the AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, for analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

Attachment

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[redacted] Street
Duncanville, Texas

Comeback 01-31
Reades 01-1


- page 10 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
17 November 1957
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 3 49
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other __________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Duncanville   Texas
City or Town           State or Country

Additional remarks: 5-10

5. Estimate how long you saw this object:
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
             b. Soft daylight    e. No trace of daylight
             c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (12 OCT 54)


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                 Yes   No   Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?      Yes   No   Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?                   Yes   No   Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?                                   Yes   No   Don't Know
e. Change brightness?                                Yes   No   Don't Know
f. Change shape?                                     Yes   No   Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                       Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses                Yes   No
b. Sun glasses               Yes   No
c. Windshield                Yes   No
d. Window glass              Yes   No

e. Binoculars                Yes   No
f. Telescope                 Yes   No
g. Theodolite                Yes   No
h. Other: Clear air


- page 12 -

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about this object.
a. Sound: n/270
b. Color: Silver

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wing, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn circle with an arrow pointing southwest, labeled "Silver color ball" and "South west"]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined ✓
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
[Space left blank for drawing/response]


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other: ________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? [Partially illegible handwritten text]

24. In order that you can give us a clearer picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten response appears to describe something about 5 feet wide and high, with a description of a "berry" being part of the description]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible, appears to describe an activity and noticing the object]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? about 10½ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 15 -

