PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 July 59 31/0230Z

2. LOCATION
Assonet, Mass. (1 Witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Southward

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer reported moon size object in the NE that traveled toward the witness. Object was yellow-white initially, but changed to a dull red finally. Observed hid under a overcast and said UFO stopped directly over him. The late data prevents a comprehensive evaluation and this case is filed as insufficient data.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Do not film this page!

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for June 20, 1959

THE FIELDS
ASTRONOMY
Invisible Auroras Linked
To Unusual Radio Noises

INVISIBLE AURORAS that occur at the same time as unusual radio noises may be due to the earth's encountering a stream of particles thrown out by the sun.

Two Australian scientists report in Nature (June 6) that they sometimes found a minute-to-minute link between changes in radio noise level and the invisible auroral light intensity.

The auroras were spotted by an electronic device called a sky-scanning photometer on 4.6 kilocycles and night-glowing auroral records showed only a few times when both did not occur simultaneously.

Both the invisible auroras and radio noises tend to occur when the earth's magnetic field is greatly disturbed, they found.

The solar streams causing them could be either protons or electrons, Drs. R. A. Daly and G. R. Ellis of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Camden, New South Wales, suggested.

Science News Letter, June 20, 1959

GENETICS
Computers Improve
Study of Gene Mutation

COMPUTERS CAN help biologists estimate just what the effects would be of increased mutation rates in man's genes.

An increase in the number and frequency of gene changes following exposure to X-rays and other irradiation has been observed in laboratory animals. Some scientists believe some human ills can be correlated to high or above-normal radiation levels.

We have reached a point now, where scientists should be able to decide if an increase in hereditary defects will or will not rise in mutation rate, Dr. Howard B. Newcombe of Atomic Energy of Canada, Ltd., Chalk River, Ontario, said.

There are two ways these defects are now being studied: by direct observation and by an increase in defects along with an increase in fertility in the healthy carriers of genes. In this second way, the gene losses which result from any reduced fertility in persons with ill effects would be balanced by the increased fertility of other persons.

Frequency of mutation, such as induced by X years of other radiation, would not be an important factor.

Our ignorance of this point represents the major source of uncertainty in estimating the consequences of an increase in mutation rate, Dr. Newcombe told scientists at a symposium on molecular genetics and human disease in Syracuse, N.Y.

Present-day computing equipment seems to be adequate for comparing the genetical information researchers are now gathering regarding the effects of radiation on genes.

Increases in the problem of studying human genetics and disease would be greatly aided by taking several steps: increased awareness of the hereditary causes of ill health as a public health problem; use of vital statistics system to permit follow-up studies of individuals; make health information about individuals available especially where national health insurance programs are in effect, and improve methods of storing and keeping back large amounts of records.

MEDICINE
New Cortisone-Like Drug
Eases Sunburn Discomfort

A CORTISONE-LIKE drug has been developed that may bring relief from painful discomfort to many persons who have suffered severe sunburn after initial or prolonged exposure to the summer sun.

Known as prednisolone, the drug was administered orally every six hours to 14 severely sunburned persons by Drs. Milton M. Cahn and Edwin J. Levy of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine.

Nine of those treated obtained complete relief with 24 hours. Four others were more severely affected, with swelling of the face, hands and feet, and required 42 hours of therapy before complete relief was obtained.

The/doctors reported that the drug caused no relapses or side effects, but cautioned against careless use because of the possible danger involved should some severe stress occur.

ENGINEERING
Largest Ball Bearing
Measures 14 Feet

THE LARGEST precision ball bearing ever made weighs 14,500 pounds, measures 14 feet in diameter, and will support a million pounds.

It contains 88 fourteen-inch balls and will rotate at ten revolutions per minute during a minimum operating life of ten years.

Soon to be installed in the supporting system of a Nike-Zeus radar system, the bearing was built by the Kaydon Engineering Corporation of Muskegon, Mich.

Five different rings make up the bearing, reported the Intercontinental Nickel Company, Inc., in New York. An upper and lower outer race (track or groove), an upper and lower inner race, and a data gear ring that indicates angular position of the radar antenna.

The rings were forged from nickel-chromium-molybdenum alloy steel, which has good hardenability and machinability. It also provides excellent wear resistance in the hardened condition, high strength and impact resistance even at low temperatures.

As demands for big radar systems continue, even larger bearings will be needed. Already, a 60-foot diameter bearing is being designed with replacement segments. Diameters of 100 feet are probable in the future.

Science News Letter, June 20, 1959

PUBLIC HEALTH
Researchers Recommend
Annual Polio Boosters

AN ANNUAL BOOSTER shot of polio vaccine, and possibly two such shots, is recommended by a research team at Michael Reese Hospital, Chicago.

A five year study involving 4,000 children who had received a Salk-type polio vaccine showed that, within one to three years after getting their first three shots, the levels of immunity drop.

After a booster, however, the immunity levels reach a higher level and tell less than after the primary immunization. After the booster, the researchers say, "in response," the researchers report in the Journal of the American Medical Association (June 6).

It seems possible, they explain, that once the polio antibodies, or polio virus fighters, are produced by the body, the present within the body at very low levels for life. A booster shot seems to boost these levels. However, it is preferable to have a detectable amount of antibodies present in the blood stream and the booster shot helps provide this.

The research was carried out by Drs. Albert M. Wohl, Howard J. Shaughnessy, James W. Chapman and Ruth E. Church, and Martha Jacobs and Mildred Moore.

Science News Letter, June 20, 1959


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

other planet or a star—because it takes up so
much less space in the sky. There is plenty
of dark space between the stars for the
planets to move, and not come in front of
one.

The most unusual event on the celestial
program for July is such a planetary occu-
ltation. This occurs on the seventh, when
Venus occults Regulus, in Leo. This star
is at the end of the handle (which is toward
the south) of a smaller group, the sickle.
Unfortunately, this occurs at 9:15 a.m.
Eastern Standard Time, when Venus is low
in the east in broad daylight, along the
Atlantic Coast. Farther west, of course, it
will not have risen.
While Venus is so bright that you can
see it in daylight, if you know just where
to look, you cannot see the star. The phe-
nomenon will be visible in Europe and
Africa, and parts of Asia. In some of these
areas the sky will be darker when it hap-
pens.

But even though people in our country
will probably miss the actual occultation, it
will be interesting to watch Venus before
and after the seventh, especially in relation
to Regulus. On the evenings of the fifth
and sixth, the planet will draw closer and
closer to the star; and on the night of the
seventh it will have passed it.

Celestial Time Table for July
JULY EST
1 2:00 p.m.   Moon farthest, distance 251,900
            miles
2 2:00 a.m.  Earth farthest from sun in
            1959; distance 94,453,000 miles
3 8:00 p.m.  New moon
4 5:28 p.m.  Moon nearest Mercury
5 4:00 p.m.  Mercury first cat of sun;
            visible low in western sky at
            dusk for a few days before and
            after this date
9 5:44 a.m.  Moon passes Mars
14 5:34 p.m.  Moon in first quarter
15 2:16 a.m.  Moon passes Jupiter
17 9:00 a.m.  Moon nearest (for month); dis-
            tance 226,500 miles
18 6:23 a.m.  Moon passes Saturn
19 10:53 p.m. Full moon
26 Venus at greatest brilliancy
27 9:22 a.m.  Moon in last quarter
29 7:00 a.m.  Moon farthest, distance 251,900
            miles

Subtext one hour for CST, two hours for
MST, and three for PST.
Science News Letter, June 20, 1959


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the page:

INTRODUCTION TO THE PHYSICAL SCIENCES—
Morris Graun—Free Press, 421 p., illus., paper.
$6. General science course for college students, 
presenting astronomy, meteorology, geology, 
physics and chemistry as parts of a unified 
whole; includes biographical sketches of sci-
entists.

LANGUAGE OF PSYCHOLOGY—George 
Mandler and William Kessen—Wiley, 302 p., 
$6.75. Analysis of scientific language in psy-
chology, tracing its development from vernacu-
lar to the formulation of explicit theories, em-
phasizing recent development in the logic and 
philosophy of science.

THE LIFE OF SIR ALEXANDER FLEMING: Dis-
coverer OF Penicillin—Andre Maurois, transl. 
from French by Gerard Hopkins, introd. by 
Robert Crooks—Doubleday, 203 p., photo-
graphs, &c., from the background of labora-
tories, test tubes and pipettes, antiseptics and 
antibiotics emerge a portrait of the man and 
great scientist who died in 1955.

JOHN-CARVING CAPACITY OF ROADS AS AF-
FECTED BY FIRST ACTION: Final Report—G. A. 
McFALL, W. W. Suder and Carl E. Vogelgesang 
—Highway Research, Bull. 207, 32 p., illus., 
paper, $1. Summary of safe progress, with 
graphs, &c., in highway research.

MODERN SCIENCE AND HUMAN FREEDOM—
David L. Miller—Holt, 224 p., $3.50. Ex-
amines whether the great traditions of 
Western culture can be reconciled with the im-
pact of science and the theory of evolution.

MOTIVATION OF SCIENTISTS AND ENGINEERS: A 
Survey of Management Policies and Practices in 
Selected Companies—Leonard C. Beuland and 
others—Wiley, Grad. School of Busi-
ness, 47 p., paper, $1. Group research project of 
industrial fellows exploring incentives in 
industry.

PURE AND APPLIED ZOOLOGY: Experimental 1946-
1947: Tabulata (Diptera)—Cornelius B. Philip 
—Chicago Nat. Hist. Mus., 81 p., illus., paper, 
$2. Report on horsefies and identifies collected 
by the expedition.

PUSH AND PULL: THE STORY OF ENERGY—Paul 
Blackwood—Whittlesey House, 190 p., illus., by 
William D. Hayes, Sr. Story of the energy 
present in each push or pull motion made by 
man, from simple mechanical to complex, includ-
ing, chemical and nuclear energy, in simple 
terms, with suggestions for experiments.

QUALITATIVE ANALYSIS AND ANALYTICAL 
CHEMICAL SEPARATION—Philip W. West and 
Maurice M. V.—Macmillan, 2nd ed., 402 p., 
illus., $4.50. Fundamental text for second 
semester studies of general chemistry.

RESEARCH IN AGING: VA Prospers—Veter-
ans Administration Advisory Committee on 
Problems of Aging, Ralph W. Gerard, Chmn.—
Govt. Print. Off., 125 p., illus., $1.50. Trans-

Handwritten note on the side: "Do not film this page."


- page 4 -

No Case (Information Only)                8 July 1959
                                                    Amager Island, Denmark

On July 8 prior to the November
photograph 3 exposures of a saucer-shaped object, low over the
landscape were taken by two young watchers at Amager Island,
Denmark. Their names were [redacted] and [redacted]


- page 5 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   9 July 1959
                                                                      Columbus, Indiana

RECENT NEWS STORIES

INDIANA FAMILY CHASES SAUCERS: On the night of July 9th, [redacted] and other members of his family driving with him, chased a group of unidentified lights for several miles on a highway near Columbus, Indiana. Said [redacted] drove lights very slowly in front of us, and the thought at first that they were on an airplane with engine trouble. There was no sound. I think I could have thrown a rock and hit them, they were so low. These blinking, orange lights then moved out of their triangle formation. 15 yrs. we quite a start. Later they came back together and we started chasing them toward Columbus. [redacted] estimated the speed of the lights at 15 mph, until he started chasing. Then, they increased their speed and finally plunged out into the sky and got away from us. Local officials identified the lights as belonging to three airplanes flying in a triangle formation, but this explanation does not fit the facts as told [redacted].


- page 6 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   10 July 1959
                                                                Gatwick, England

G -2- My Friend                                                        1171

GATWICK, ENGLAND, JULY 10.--(UPI)--PILOTS LANDING HERE YESTERDAY
REPORTED THAT UNIDENTIFIED WHITE OBJECTS HAD HOVERED AT THEIR PLANE'S
WINGTIPS AS THEY CAME IN.
    THEY TURNED OUT TO BE BUBBLES FORMED WHEN HIGH WINDS WHIPPED UP
A DETERGENT FOAM FROM A NEARBY DRAINAGE DITCH.


- page 7 -

No Case (Information Only)                                   24 July 1959
                                                                       Ocean City, New Jersey

SAUCER BRIEFS: An Ocean City N. J. newspaper article dated July 24th states that an oral-armed UFO burst over this area. The report was made by [redacted] of Upper Darby, Pa., a newspaper woman who was covering the summer at Ocean City. She said that she was working on the finally boat when two saucers came down around the boat, with a chain saucer behind it. The three objects then circled around the nearby guest cabins, and disappeared into the sky.


- page 8 -

AUGUST 1959 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                           OBSERVER                       EVALUATION

Aug     Coburg, Virginia                   (PHOTO)                        Other (HOAX)
1       SE of Madrid, Spain                Spanish Military               Astro (METEOR)
2       Washington, D. C.                  Military                       Insufficient Data
3       Silver Springs, Maryland                                          Balloon
3       Woodside, California                                              Aircraft
9       Columbus, Ohio                                                    Insufficient Data
10      Goose AFB, Labrador                Military                       UNIDENTIFIED
11      Upper Greenwood Lake, New Jersey                                  Balloon
11      Lincoln, Nebraska                  Military                       Astro (METEOR)
12      Ocean Beach, New Jersey                                           Other (REFLECTION)
13      Denver, Colorado                                                  Astro (METEOR)
13      Long Island, New York                                             Aircraft
13      Dayton, Ohio                                                      Balloon
14      Frying Pan Shoals, South Carolina  Coast Guard                    Other (MISSILE)
15      North Pacific (N of Hawaii)                                       Insufficient Data
16      Macon & Forsyth, Georgia           Multi                          Balloon
17      Doaklands AFB, South Carolina                                     Astro (METEOR)
17      NE of West Indies, SE of N Carolina Multi                         Other (ROCKET)
18      Terre Haute, Indiana                                              Astro (METEOR)
18      New Milford, New Jersey                                           Balloon
19      80 MI E of U.S.                    Military (Air/RADAR)           Other (ANOMALOUS PROP)
19      Dallas, Texas                                                     Aircraft
19      6 Mi W of Mitchell AFB, New York                                  Aircraft
19      Trenton, New Jersey                                               Insufficient Data
19      Shelton, Connecticut                                              Insufficient Data
19      Elburn, Illinois                                                  Insufficient Data
19      Roddington, Newfoundland                                          Insufficient Data
21      Marysville, Ohio                   (PHYSICAL S)                   Other (GLASS)
22      St Johns, Newfoundland             Pan Am Airlines                Astro (METEOR)
25      New York, New York                                                Balloon
26      Lake Winnebago, Wisconsin                                         Insufficient Data
26      Denver, Colorado                                                  Astro (METEOR)
27      Denver, Colorado                   Military (RADAR)               Astro (METEOR)
28      Charlotte Isle, Canada                                            Aircraft
29      Mobile, Alabama                    Multi                          Astro (METEOR)
29      Hoquiam, Washington                                               Aircraft
30      Dayton, Ohio                                                      Balloon


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information, so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30 JULY 59
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 10: 30
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Postal address redacted]
Nearest Postal Address         City or Town     BRISTOL     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)     10     Minutes
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain             c. Not very sure
                               d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?  WRIST WATCH

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?  Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                           NIGHT
a. Bright                     a. Bright   CLEAR (FULL OF STARS)
b. Cloudy                     b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                 a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                 c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                        d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                    WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                             a. Dry
    b. Hazy                                  b. Fog, mist or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds                      c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds                 d. Snow
                                             e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                                 d. As a light
    b. Transparent                           e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                              c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    I think it was the Moon on the horizon at first

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):   a. Fuzzy or blurred      e. Other
                    b. Like a bright star
                    c. Sharply outlined
                    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                          (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?    Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?       Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                       Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                    Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                         Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                     Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?               Yes   No   Don't know


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: ______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: ______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Humming - faint
b. Color: Yellow - White initially

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
all of the object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch with the following labels:
N
Night Horizon
W                                                   NE
Approx 2 Miles Away
Hillside                                            From Me
S                                                   SE]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains a compass diagram and a sketch showing angular measurements from 0° to 90°, with a figure observing from the ground.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   (No)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS    New Bedford    Mass
TELEPHONE NUMBER    AGE 30   SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have over 500 hours flying time, almost 75 hours night flying both dual and solo

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
22   MAY   46
            ATIC Wright-Patterson
            AFB OHIO

Page 6


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

The light finally went out, and I took a feeling that the UFO had left inverted a few minutes by my watch then I came out lumped up to the roof the in where my friends were waiting. I told them about it but they did not believe my story so I did not repeat it to any public official at that time.

The CBS television program about UFOs made me mad because it felt that the program was too negative in its approach, and decided to finally report my observation directly to ATIC at Wright-Patterson AFB.

On #20 the object hardly moved at all - sticking to its approximately 10 minutes of viewing time to cover the estimated 2 miles to me.


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    12   June   56
                                             Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Yes, I could not complete #27 because the UFO moved toward me while I was standing on the hillside alone. The UFO changed various colors as it moved toward me. Besides the initial color of yellow white when I first viewed it very close to the horizon, blue white and finally dull red, were the changes I saw - come from the object.

I began to be afraid if the alien object as it moved slowly but steadily toward me. I started to run down the hill back toward the side of the road toward the overpass. The object was across the width of the road and steady, humming sound I could hear coming from the UFO as it moved toward me.

As I ran down the hillside my feet hit a hole - my balance was lost, as I rolled down the grassy hillside toward the roadside, at the bottom of the fall I looked up across the road, and saw the final color change dull red. With as we again I started toward protection of the overpass, and at this moment I felt a strange tingling down my entire spine in my nervous system and into my legs. I felt 125° in and needles "throughout my movement" toward the overpass.

I made it under the overpass, and the UFO stopped directly over me. I could tell three still there because a white light part of the red color station of the object moved around as I rolled there facing out of the road.

Page 7


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

394                SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for June 20, 1959

ASTRONOMY

Heavenly Display Very Good
Venus reaches its greatest brilliancy by July 26. With
Jupiter and Saturn, plus a full moon, mid-July nights will yield
unusually interesting viewing.

By JAMES STOKLEY

WITH THE WARM weather of summer,
many persons are likely to be out of doors
on July evenings, and so they have a fine
opportunity to see the stars that shine overhead. This year the display is particularly
good, because three bright planets are added
to the usual stars.

These are shown on the accompanying
maps, which give the appearance of the
heavens about ten o'clock your own kind of
standard time (or eleven by daylight saving time) at the first of the month and an
hour earlier at the middle.

The brightest of these planets is Venus,
which appears in the west long before any
other planet or star. Ever since it came into
the evening sky at the beginning of the year
it has been getting brighter, and on July 26
it reaches its greatest brilliancy. This is
minus 4.2 on the astronomer's magnitude
scale, about 10 times as bright as a typical
first magnitude star.

Venus may sets some two hours after the
sun, and that is why it is so low on the
map. It is in the constellation of Leo, the
lion, close to the star called Regulus, which
does not appear on our map. In fact, on
a very rare occasion, this, however, from
points in the United States and Canada, will
be visible only along the east coast and
during daylight hours.

About a seventh as bright as Venus, but
still of great brilliance (magnitude minus
1.9) is the second planet, Jupiter. This is in
the south, in Libra, the scales.

The third planet is Saturn, of magnitude
0.3, equal to a bright star of the first magnitude. This is in Sagittarius, the archer.
Some of the stars of this group form the outline of a teapot, with the handle to the left,
the spout to the right. Saturn is close to the
knob of the lid.

Two Other Planets Visible

There are two other planets that also can
sometimes be seen with the naked eye, and
these also are in the July evening sky, although not very conspicuous. Mars is also
in Leo. It has not by the times for which
our maps are drawn, but is above the horizon earlier, a little lower than Venus and
further north. But its distance is now so
great (about 214,000,000 miles) that it appears like a second magnitude star. In addition, the low altitude forms it still more
inconspicuous.

Around July 8 Mercury makes one of its
uncommon appearances in the evening sky.
It too will be low in the west at twilight
and set about an hour and a half after the

sun, before the sky is completely dark. On
the morning of the eighth, when it is not
visible from this part of the world, the
moon will pass Mercury. Since the moon is
new on July 5, it will be visible as a narrow crescent on the eighth, so it will make
a striking display, along with Venus and
Mercury, and possibly Mars. The next evening the moon passes to the south of Venus
in another beautiful spectacle.

The moon reaches first quarter, when it
will set about midnight, on July 13. It is
full on the 19th, shining all night. Thus
the middle of the month will have moonlit
evenings.

Among the stars of July, the brightest is
Vega, in Lyra, the lyre, which is high in
the east. Second in brilliance is Arcturus,
in Bootes, the herdsman, over toward the
southwest. A good way to find it is to look
for the great dipper in the north, part of
Ursa Major, the great bear. At the lower
end of this group are the pointers, Merak
and Dubhe. A line through them to the
right shows the position of Polaris, the pole
star.

The handle of the dipper is formed by
the stars Alkaid, Mizar and Alcaid. If you
follow toward the south the curved line
they form, you will come to Arcturus. Follow that line, bringing you to another first
magnitude star, Spica, in Virgo, the virgin.

Next to this group, to the left, is Libra,
in which Jupiter now stands. And next to
Libra is Scorpius, the scorpion. In this is
red in color, somewhat like Mars. In fact,
the name of this orb means "rival of Mars."

Two other first-magnitude stars are in
the east. One is Deneb, in Cygnus, the
swan; the other is Altair, in Aquila, the
eagle. Along with Vega these stars form a
prominent triangle in the sky, which may
help you to locate them.

Eclipsing Celestial Objects

The term "eclipse" usually refers to one
of the sun or moon. A solar eclipse is caused
by the moon's passing between sun and
earth; a lunar eclipse, by the moon's entering the earth's shadow.

But there are other kinds of eclipses too.
For example, there is a star called Algol in
the constellation of Perseus (which now
rises in the early morning) consisting of one
dark and one bright sphere. Every few
days the dark one comes in front of the
brighter one, causing a partial eclipse which
dims its light. This is typical of a class of
known as "eclipsing binaries."

And the moon; not only can it come in
front of the sun, but it can—and frequently
does—pass in front of a star. This is termed
not an eclipse, but an occultation. The
moon "occults" the star.

With faint stars this happens frequently,
but only rarely does the moon occult a very
bright star, or a planet. Much later, however, is an occultation by a planet—of an-

[The rest of the text is cut off]

The document also contains two star charts with constellation and planetary positions, but as instructed, I have only transcribed the text.


- page 17 -

