Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
[blank]

2. LOCATION
[blank]

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
G.M.T.

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual
☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Interceptor Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
[blank]

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
[blank]

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
[blank]

9. COURSE
[blank]

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
[partially illegible text appears to read]
"Electronically bright meteor, brightness
[rest of text is not clearly legible]"

11. COMMENTS
[blank]

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 23 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Top of document, partially legible]
...
11,000'
16,000'

Vectors indicate the direction of the
object as reported by each view.

[Handwritten notes at bottom of document]
Cert ref Hush Suth
(partially legible)

[Two large black vertical redaction/censorship bars on left and right sides of document]

Some text is illegible or cut off due to image quality and document margins.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

266

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for April 25, 1959

ASTRONOMY

Three Planets Now Visible
Venus, Mars and Jupiter are visible on May evenings as the sky darkens. Saturn becomes visible as midnight approaches.

By JAMES STOKLEY

> THREE PLANETS are visible to the naked eye on May evenings, as soon as the sky darkens, while a fourth appears before midnight.

The brightest of these is Venus, now as bright as it can be seen any evening this year. About 3 hours after the sun, Venus appears almost directly overhead in the constellation of Gemini, the twins.

Mars is also in Gemini, but is about 1/10th as bright as Venus. About 100,000 times less bright. Venus shines with a surface of the second magnitude, while Venus is many times brighter than first magnitude 36 on the astronomical scale of brilliance.

On May 18, Jupiter will be in opposition. This is its brightest time of the year, and some weeks before and after this date it will be almost as bright. In magnitude or brightness, Jupiter is about the same as Venus. Thus it dominates the southeastern sky, much as Venus does in the west.

At about 11:15, your own kind of standard time (and one hour for daylight saving time) at the first of May and about 9:15 at the end of the month, it is in Sagittarius, the archer, and is equal to a bright first magnitude star.

In appearance, these stars, as well as the stars of the May evening, are shown on the accompanying maps. These depict the skies at about 10:00 p.m. (standard time) at the first of May and at the end of the month. Note how the stars appear at 8:00 p.m. at the end of the month, but at most of the United States will differ.

Vega is Brightest

The brightest star is Vega, in Lyra, the harp, in the northeast. The next is Arcturus, high in the southwest in Bootes, the herdsman. A good way to locate this star is to follow the handle of the Big Dipper, which is part of Ursa Major, the great bear. In the head of the dipper are the pointers, if followed downwards they bring you to Arcturus, the pole star, which stands directly overhead in the evening. You follow the curve of the handle of the Big Dipper to Arcturus.

Continuing further, it brings you to another first-magnitude star, Spica, in Virgo, the virgin.

In the light of Vega, high in the south.

It makes a striking sight, even though a small telescope is helpful to see it. In size, these planets are as large as our moon, or larger. Two, in fact, are larger than the planet Mercury. These four can be seen with even rather small telescopes, and they are fascinating to watch, night after night, as they swing from one side of the planet to the other. (Occasionally they may be hidden behind Jupiter, or suffer eclipse by the sun.)

Dimensions of Jupiter

Through a telescope that magnifies only 50 diameters, Jupiter would look about as big as the moon does to the naked eye. Its shape is elliptical, rather than circular. Its diameter at the equator is 88,770 miles, but that from pole to pole is about 83,000 miles, or 85,910 miles.

This flattening at the pole is a result of the planet's rotation. Its equator rotates in only 9 hours 55 minutes. Because of its enormous size, the speed of rotation at the equator is about 28,000 miles per hour. This results in centrifugal force to give the planet's equator its bulging appearance.

The equatorial bulge of the earth is only a little more than 13 miles. This is a result of its rotation.

[The document also contains two star charts showing the positions of various celestial bodies]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

of the earth's much smaller size and slower
rotational speed, about 1,035 miles per hour.

If you look at Jupiter through a telescope,
you will be impressed with the amount of
detail that is visible. It is covered to light
and dark bands, parallel to the equator,
with darker bands being brown, reddish-
red, brown and even green. These features
may change rapidly, so if it appears that
they are not part of a solid surface, instead,
what we see are tops of clouds which per-
petually cover Jupiter.

Venus, too, is continually enshrouded in
clouds, but they are merely a thin layer.
like the clouds of earth.

Those of Jupiter make up much of that
planet's volume. If you could look on
Jupiter from the top, you would see clouds
descend, you would go some 9,000 miles
before you reached the bottom of the atmosphere, according to the widely accepted
theories of Dr. Rupert Wilde of Yale University.

Jupiter's "Slushy" Region

There you would come to a layer of ice,
but probably there would be no sharp
boundary; rather, a slushy region which
became more and more solid as you penetrated toward the center. Some 17,500 miles
down, at a total depth of more than 25,000
miles, you would reach the bottom of the
ice, and the top of the soft core, more
than 28,000 miles in diameter, and probably
of rock and metal. This accounts for only
about eight percent of Jupiter's volume,
while the core and the frozen ocean around
it are only 55%; the rest is the atmosphere.

With some of methane and ammonia,
which have been detected by analysis of
Jupiter's light. Probably a considerable
amount of hydrogen is also present, although this cannot be so easily detected. At
the "surface" of Jupiter, the top of the cloud
layer, the temperature is about minus 150
degrees Fahrenheit. In many respects it
would fail to qualify as a place where space
ships could land. However, the moons of
Jupiter might be more hospitable for future expedition. From one of these much
could be learned about the giant planet, and
many of its current puzzles could be solved.

Celestial Time Table for May

MAY     EST
5       early a.m.    Meteors visible, radiating from
                      constellation of Aquarius.
7       3:11 P.M.    New moon.
         10:50 p.m.   Moon farthest, distance 237+
                      miles.
11      9:11 a.m.    Moon passes Venus.
13      9:33 p.m.    Moon passes Mars.
18      3:00 p.m.    Moon in first quarter.
19      3:00 p.m.    Jupiter opposite, distance
                      253+ miles.
21      midnight     Moon nearest distance, 221
                      miles.
22      1:23 a.m.    Moon passes Jupiter.
         7:56 a.m.   Full moon.
24      1:13 a.m.    Moon in last quarter.
29      various      Lyra for CST, two hours for
                      MST, and three for PST.

                      Science News Letter, April 29, 1950


- page 4 -

SOUTHERN OREGON COLLEGE
ASHLAND, OREGON 97530

U.S.A.F.
Wright Patterson Field
Attention Office of UFO
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

I am writing you this letter mainly to report an object that my wife and I saw in the summer of 1957. It was a friendly decided to write because of your encouragement at our reporting these incidents before. This letter is particularly about an incident which involved the possibilities of unidentified flying vehicle, I feel that it should at least report my experience.

I have been a farmer for 16 years and in 1957 I was living my family to Troutdale, Washington on the Gifford Pinchot Forest. We were going there to report to the Forest Service for our summer contract position. (We worked fire years in this country.) We had not yet arrived at Troutdale when it happened. One early morning, when we only got up at sunrise, we saw a bright - but quite luminous - white object, flying along. We were only startled and we stopped the car and were observant to this object for about 5-8 minutes. It was motionless and slowly suspended above the large top of a mountain, being 100 to 150'. At around to be an electronic device - and then so bright as to be almost blinding. We only want to get some points to document this object but we found that we could not turn around to the original position in 5-6 miles distant. The object could not be seen from that point. By this time we were return to the original position the object was gone.

This object was as square made distinct to many other experiences that I cannot even tell to the conclusion that it was a known object.

Later in the same summer, my wife and I observed only the same area (about 11 p.m.) and saw a so similar - but pattern particularly with lights of same in the distant


- page 5 -

Page 11

horizon. It very rapidly became a larger shape and its west curved at the apparent spot and then indicated. It made a sound arc, from the same position and came mostly forward and then some toward mine. I was very frightened and did not go outside the house for some minutes.

There was absolutely no sound. We were a fairly considerable distance away, but we were, many U.S. planes and we remember that they're around here.

The speed height of these occurrences probably could be obtained from the US + 3 distance that all colors help. I must venture this opinion, we have been noting familiar with common visual phenomena and I have assure you these were something not such unusual in our experience.

I am very sorry that fears of violence kept me from reporting them sooner.

I started years of trouble with other towns and apparently similar other flights have been seen by many others in the 1st. Periods area.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature and identifying details are redacted/blacked out]


- page 6 -

Letterhead text:
DR.
SOUTHERN OREGON COLLEGE
1250 SISKIYOU BOULEVARD
ASHLAND, OREGON 97520

Handwritten text:
United States Air Force
WGXP - Patterson Field
Attention Office of UFOB
Dayton, Ohio


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                                   6 May 1959
Galt, Ontario, Canada

[Partially legible text in the body of the document, which appears to read:]

[Illegible first few words] at least 11 [illegible words] in Galt, Ontario, Canada reported Paul Torgeson photographed a white cylindrical UFO near an old post office tower, as it moved over the city for over an hour.


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

HQ GASE (RUFB/AFCIN-1E)

20 May 59
Hq USAF, Washington, D.C.

[The first paragraph appears to be partially cut off or illegible, with only fragments of text visible]

The bottom of the page shows the date "20 May 59" and what seems to be an address for "Hq USAF, Washington, D.C."


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case (Information Only)                21 May 1959                Brindisi, Italy-

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
ASTROPHYSICAL OBSERVATORY

SECTION OF UPPER ATMOSPHERE STUDIES
IGY OPTICAL SATELLITE TRACKING PROGRAM
GO NANSEN STREET
CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS

Dear Major -

This is so much
like the great many reports
in France (that I have -
something) definite
a meteorological phenomenon?

Point is -
first and
greatest
well then
might not
witness
report
and

[Newspaper Clipping]
Huge "Flying Cigar"
Observed Over Italy
BRINDISI, Italy, May 22
(Reuters) - A huge "flying
cigar" emanating a yellow glow
was seen by many persons here
yesterday, coming from the
southwest.

The object seemed to circle
over the town, and then went
away towards the sea, keeping
the same heading for the Alaskan coast, "one eyewitness was
quoted as saying."

Can we
not the
consider this
an
detail
yet


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

gail, & bother you work
figurately on items that
feel should have new good. keep our
for our own News know under
member Loy!
we'll home to now it!
Cordially,
Clew Hyatt

Note: Some words may be slightly misinterpreted due to the handwritten nature of the document, but this is the text as accurately as I can transcribe it.


- page 11 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[TOP OF DOCUMENT]
UNCLASSIFIED

[MAIN BODY]
OPERATIONAL NARRATIVE

ALACRITY IN ACTING. FOLLOWING REPORT SUBMITTED.

PASSAGE MAY EXCEPTIONALLY BRIGHT METEOR SIGHTED 14-15 SEPT 1950.

WEST. SIGHTED LEADING HIS BAR TIME ALTITUDE AS DEFINED ABOVE HALF
PY BETWEEN NORTH AND AWKWARD. VISIBLE ABOUT 3 SECONDS AND
REPORTED CONSIDERABLY AS TO FALL IN GOOD DIRECTION LEADING HIS
SMALL AND FINALLY DISINTEGRATING INTO SHOWER OF RED PIECES AT
ALTITUDE 50 DEGREES. SKY CLEAR BRIGHT 3 SEA CALM WITH STOP FROM
AS DEGREES TRUE 15 WRITE. ACCURACY HITS EXCELLENT DUE IMMEDIATE
RECORDING FOR PREPARATION REPORT.

[BOTTOM OF DOCUMENT]
Charge for 4 hrs
AFF 20-2 PBY-817
3 Jan 56

Note: Some parts of the document are blacked out/redacted, and some text is slightly difficult to read with complete certainty.


- page 12 -

JUNE 1959 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                 OBSERVER        EVALUATION

Jun/Jul New Guinea (see following)               Military        Astro (BODIES)
2       SE of Labrador                           -               Astro (METEOR)
3       Genoa, Italy                             -               Astro (METEOR)
3       Hempstead, New York                      -               Aircraft
3       Washington, D.C.                         -               Astro (METEOR)
7       Possville, Georgia                       -               Aircraft
8       Oakurst, New Jersey                      -               Aircraft
8       Rockville, Maryland                      -               Aircraft
9       Manassas, Roanoke, Virginia              Military        Aircraft
10      Reno, Nevada                             -               Balloon
11      Ventura, California                      -               Insufficient Data
11      Los Angeles, California                  Military        Aircraft
13      Minot, North Dakota                      Military        Astro (METEOR)
13      Montague, Missouri                       -               Insufficient Data
15      Boon, Ohio                               -               Aircraft
15      Camp Lucas, Michigan                     -               Astro (NEBULOUS)
16      Henderson, Nevada                        -               Aircraft
16      Meridian, Mississippi                    Military        Aircraft
18      Waikiki, Honolulu, Hawaii                Military (PHOTO) Astro (SUNGLARE ON LENS)
18      33.05N 134W Pacific                      -               Astro (METEOR)
18      Lyons, Colorado                          -               Astro (METEOR)
18      Boon, Ohio                               -               Aircraft
18      Stephenson, Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan   -               Astro (METEOR)
18      Forest Park, Illinois                    -               Aircraft
19      Elmwood, Canada                          -               Astro (METEOR)
19      Boyne, Michigan                          -               Unidentified
20      6 NE of Alexandria, Louisiana            -               Astro (METEOR)
21      Chesterland, Ohio                        -               Balloon
21      Macao, China                             Military (RADAR) Insufficient Data
24      52 Ohio                                  Military        Other (SURFACE VESSEL)
25      23 MI S of Taeq, Korea                   Korean GI       Insufficient Data
27      Danville, Virginia                       -               Other (HAZE)
30      Patuxent River, Maryland                 Military        Unidentified

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                 SOURCE          EVALUATION

Jun     Univers                                  Science News Ltr -
10      Goose Lakes, Wisconsin                   Newspapers      -
12      Mountain States & Canada                 Navy            -
15      Durban, South Africa                     Mozambique      -
19      Dayton, Ohio                             Mozambique      -
21      Hamilton, Ohio                           (Ltr)           Meteor

IN SEPARATE FOLDERS


- page 13 -

Sighting
includes all (6) pages of photographic
material.


- page 14 -

Sighting includes alt (6) page of photographic narrative.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

[The text appears to be a report with multiple dated entries, partially obscured or faded in some areas. I'll transcribe what is clearly legible:]

20 May 1950 - Sgt. Follette reports to 1250 squadron on two radar's on the Hawaiian
[rest of first line partially illegible]

20 May 1950 - Over Kaneohe Bay, notable sighting, reliable source. 
Location: Oahu. From aircraft carrier, object was sighted with unusual maneuvers. Object low at sea level, making no sound. Then a sliver of red flame, vanished in an instant.
six minutes.

20 May 1950 - Report from Los Angeles, aviation which sighted object.
Coast to SF person sighted. Saucer similar movement. Unable to determine
place. Object faded, moved at great speed. Maneuver at great
safety to report.

21 May 1950 - Report from Los (illegible) via Hanna County in summary
of UFO. Sighted with clear sky, two (illegible) and Hungarian live, medium
with 250 feet. Became 125 degrees, sighted a dirty dustlike object slowly
traversing sky. Took 12 degrees. Altitude: 15,000 feet. Toward several
other objects. Object traveled as a cylindrical shape, transparent. Duration
of sighting: three seconds.

15 May 1950 - Letter from Captain M. G. Scharine of United
Air Lines, with recommended investigation. Sighted for photographic data
Position approximately 300 NW. Sighted four positions of site.
Possible explanation of the sighting: Unidentified noise. The sky was lighter
up to some points which were moving generally west. Duration of the
sighting and observation: Approximately 20-25 seconds. Crew of the
USS Pascagoula, which were in the area at the time, made negative records
concerning the sighting.

11 May 1950 - Sited + Radar sighting, 1917 Captain Ca. no altitude, position
near Honolulu, Hawaiian Islands. Sighted with 110th wing, completely
at high speed. Appeared to be one large center light with four smaller
lights on side. Sped. Appeared to be over Honolulu and made quick
30 degree turns. Appeared to vanish and disappear quickly. Aircraft
sighting is not good. Radar tracking showed object did not have been
by two radar sites. Radar was unable to explain object and have been
unable to explain same to date.

[Note: Some words are partially illegible or cut off, so the transcription may not be 100% accurate.]


- page 16 -

11 July 1959, 1700 - Barber's Point Flight Strip, Captain L. G. Wertman, Townsend Znd Lieut, USAF, observed a large light surrounded by a halo of soft light, like a bright star and suspended above the horizon. Witness stated that the object was stationary and appeared to be quite large. Altitude was not determined. Observation lasted approximately 5 minutes.

11 July 1959, 1925 - Barber's Point Flight Strip, Captain L. G. Wertman, Townsend 2nd Lieut, USAF, again sighted a large light surrounded by a halo of soft light. Appeared to be stationary. Location same as previous sighting. Observation lasted approximately 3 minutes.

11 July 1959, 1930 - United NL, Position 220 NE east of Honolulu, altitude 12,000'. Quite light level unsed and above descended locally. Aircraft was C-118, then being flown by Maj. Geo. Lacy. Crew were four white pilots in a rectangular with a large object. In the center, main object was white, somewhat of a glow. Following: GP 750, Patch 200, Patch 651, Patch 752. Destination and other pertinent data approximately the same as above.

B. Revision:

1. The ATI determined by contact with the Commander, Western Sea Frontier, ATI Asst Navy Liaison Officer, upon the Atlantic Deviation, nothing of ATI was no indication or installation.

2. Endorsement of the 6th AISS investigated the United Airlines sighting of 29 June 1959.

3. Contacted 2nd Alitos Balloon Activities Group, Lieut. NVL, those was a balloon. Kauai, Hawaii, launched from Vandenberg AFB 8300 on 11 July 1959, estimated 150 degrees to 150 degrees. These balloons were set 13,000 miles which were visible 4 to 5 miles. Observers can be the United Airlines, which gives possibility of this object being a balloon.


- page 17 -

PAGE NO. ANNOTATION

A. Captain H. Co. Matheis of Pan Flight World reported a bright cone-
sisting of a bright white light which was seen at 2200 local time on 25 June
1959. Too much set at 2900 level than to center. A 20 mile and twenty
mile stretch was seen by the observers. It was visible for approx. 20 min.
The man light that the certain was of the impression that he was not
really sure of a bright nature. Also mention that the object was approx-
imately twice or three times as large as a 10 mile range. In taking
magnitude of object and in better angle to draw similar in bright ob-
served, it was approximately 1/16 to 1/8 inch at arm's length. Angle
took of approximately -5°.

Captain Moffett of Express Flight again reported a trace of daylight.
Martin, Waller, Evans of CAA local on 17 June 1959 reported similar
sighting. More again, it is believed that the extreme brightness
of the object was responsible for the misinterpretation that the light was
from other sources.

B. Captain H. Co. Matheis of United Airlines Flight 362, 10 June 1959
sighting reported his object as a rocket on mile 10. The NATO ruled out
the missile and suggested a meteor for the following reasons:

1. No known rockets or missiles in the area.

2. The object traversed approximately 15 degrees in two seconds
at the visible attitude of 20 miles. The trajectory of the slow was
smooth and slow. Also, this was a definite visual burn a speed of
approximately 1,500 miles. This would rule out a multiple reading
however, the relatively low altitude and last trajectory with the
power that will characterize plus the lack of a possible 5°.

3. Assuming all estimates to be correct, except the 20 miles and
overhead this is 150 miles, the speed necessary to traverse 25 degrees
in two seconds is approximately 36,000 miles per hour range.

4. The description of the object closely matches that of meteors
of the "fireball" class.

5. The surface vessels probably could not see the object due to
low visibility short distance to their horizon. From 17,000 feet the
crew of the aircraft would see an altitude horizon of approximately
137 miles.

6. Fireballs

Any meteor which is as bright as or brighter than -5 magnitude is
definitely a fireball. The color more red or orange with a bright white
through white to yellow, green and reddish. The usual green when
fireball are such is a brilliant flash of light which lasts as long
as was noted in visible, was any phenomenon in the atmosphere.

3.


- page 18 -

These meteors reach into several routes. Some of these meteors leave trails and some do move.

From a report titled "Long Haul/Air Weather Training and "Fireball" Orbital Tracking":

Pennsylvania, of 38,000 meteors observed by Professor Claus Hoffmeister of Nordhausen Observatory, Germany, only 144 or one of every five had a train which persisted several minutes. The American Meteor Society indicated a rate of one as a 750 mile arc of 172 fireballs listed in the report, only 64 had trains. According to Dr. Oliver's report, Fireballs once approximately once in every 453 observed. Fireball can be tracked and in this particular shower.

The average speed of the 172 Fireballs from the report is 23 miles per second, approximately 120,000 miles per hour. Curved or irregular paths may be due to irregular changes sometimes explained and on occasion they may be meteors.

D. Conclusion

It is the AIR opinion that the objects responsible for all of these sightings were the exceptionally bright and long meteors classed as "Fireballs".

Further, it is believed that all of the reports on 11 July 1959, taken to this base, were generated by the same phenomenon. See attachments for more.


- page 19 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Top of document appears to have a date: 14 July 1959]

[The document appears to be a table or report with multiple columns, but much of the text is faint or partially obscured. Some legible fragments include:]

... 20,000' ...

... Night visibility ...

... clouds ...

[The rest of the text is too faint or blurry to confidently transcribe without risking introducing errors. Large sections of the document are obscured by black redaction marks on the right side of the page.]


- page 20 -

