PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
3 Sep 59

2. LOCATION
Trotwood, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: 2305 Local
GMT: [Illegible]

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual
☐ Air-Visual
☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 1/2 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
East

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Bright orange obj w/slightly blurred edges. No sound. Looked like ball of fire. Obj traveled fm Northwest, made a circle & gradually faded away to the East.

11. COMMENTS
Possibly an a/c.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 3000 m.p.h. satellite - see item 5, 35

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 100 miles
Satellite - see item 50

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS TROTWOOD 26 OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

What is your present job? Student - Trotwood High

Age 15 Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school ✓
b. High school ✓
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 SEPT 1959


- page 2 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [blank]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE: [blank]

DATE: [blank]

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE: [blank]

Handwritten note:
Observer still has nothing further to add to what previously given.

B.T. Gregory
Capt USAF
Staff Duty 9/hrs
3 Sept 59


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

sgt. Police talked to me 9 & 1/2 59
regarding this sighting. the question of time
duration was raised and he stated if he was pretty
hard to estimate 1 minute. me said as follows:
the flight path was as follows:

[Note: There are two blacked out sections in the text where names or identifying information have been redacted]

The document also contains a hand-drawn diagram with an axis labeled "observer" and some directional arrows indicating a flight path.

The page is marked as "Page 10" in the top right corner.


- page 4 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
3 Sep 59

2. LOCATION
Trotwood, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local       2305 local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐Ground-Visual   ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Visual      ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 1/2 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
East

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Bright, orange obj w/slightly blurred edges. No sound. Looked like ball of fire. Obj traveled in Northeast, made a circle & gradually faded away to the East.

11. COMMENTS
Possibly an a/c.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☒ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 59)


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
3 SEPT 1959
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 11 05
         Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Trotwood   Ohio
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

Additional remarks: Location near edge of Trotwood south

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
(Circle One): a. Certain
             b. Fairly certain
             c. Not very sure
             d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight

(Circle One): d. Just a trace of daylight
             e. No trace of daylight
             f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

             d. To your left
             e. Overhead
             f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant cat)?
Brighter Than b. Several blocks away?
The Stars -- but c. A block away?
Not exactly like d. Several yards away?
Kerosene Lamp 1 mile e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: [blank]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid   b. Transparent   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        Yes   No


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound         no Sound
    b. Color         bright-orange

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trail or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    [Handwritten notes and sketch include:]
    Facing North-NE by NE
    Moved toward South
    Gradually turn to left
    Crossed over
    Curved over
    Canceled over
    No Trail
    Round Ball at top

18. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

    [Handwritten note at bottom:]
    Not applicable


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 15 feet

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other:

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Gradually, later turning to East

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Like ball of fire -

Page 4


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Was observing aurora borealis - called to site by coworker who was flying

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 15° degrees. 20°-25° N NE
b. From horizon 40 degrees. 30°-35° up

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 9° degrees.
b. From horizon 15° degrees.


- page 10 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds NEAR HORIZON
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day         Month         Year
[Partially illegible text, appears to read "11/"]

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mr. + Mrs. [rest of text blacked out]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Yes, when first observed. Sp. Tank II

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
First thing it was doing was a satellite, or I mean a nothing, nothing around a satellite. Possibly the 7 jth of November.


- page 12 -

