PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
24-25 Jul 59

2. LOCATION
Yakima, Bremerton, Bellingham
Washington Area

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2030- 2100
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
None

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Varied

9. COURSE
Varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Multiple reports on 24 & 25 Jul of red, green and white lights. Numerous newspaper articles enclosed. (See case file)

11. COMMENTS
Evaluated as a/c refueling opr by McCord AFB investigators.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft/Fuel Opr
Possibly Aircraft

ATCF FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 59)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OFS:    AFCIN-4X1

SUBJECT:     Clippings on Observed Lights                     5 September 1959

TO:          AFCIN-4E4 (Major Friend)

We would appreciate your comments on the three attached clippings.

[Signature line blacked out]
Scientific Advisor
AFCIN-4X1

3 Atchs
Yakima Newspaper 27 Aug 59
a/s

NOTE TO SHERIFF: Your Guys
Saw Lights in the Sky, All Right

Memo to Dean Jones: It's okay, sheriff. Your deputies weren't hitting the old jug. They really did see lights in the sky.

The unidentified flying objects they saw Monday night really shook up the deputies and a few other people in your bailiwick. They didn't imagine things.

You see, Yakima folks have been seeing the light off and on for a couple of months. Same thing, same station. Not the same lights from the same place, however.

Hung around there for three hours, too, just like here.

They appeared orange and white in Yakima, whereas Kittitas deputies voted red, green and white.

The military can't seem to get together on this. The child air force base at Spokane told Yakima a week ago today when the lights were seen again, that they were from jet-refueling tankers from the 3rd bombardment wing.

But McChord Air Force base near Tacoma said, no, they aren't jets.

Yakima light-watchers are somewhat less conservative than your men, sheriff. The south-central Washington say that by golly, they'll drain the pool to beat heck, but the local deputies don't say the objects hover: they'll only say the objects hovered noiselessly at 10,000 to 30,000 feet and seemed to be about the size of a car. So you can see they aren't going to put out any limbs, even Martian limbs.

But nobody in Yakima has come up with a swimming pool theory yet. They'll drain the swimming pool and put a concrete roof on it.

Handwritten notes at bottom: 8/27/59


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

THREE-HOUR MYSTERY, ALL-NIGHT FOUL-UP

Things in Sky, and Everybody--But Everybody--in Act

By GENE GISLEY

Watching and blinking brilliant came from Roy C. Jackson, 352 miles the planes.

FIRST REPORT of the UFO's and the objects were much higher than the planes.

Larger than an airplane, the UFO's (as the air force calls such) radiated the information to all persons) hovered noticeably high in trails in the county and all officers the sky, sometimes giving the im-reported seeing the bright-colored presence of motion, said criminal-objects from different locations in the sky.

Sheriff's dispatcher Don Sherrill said today, "They were a dark object, more or less of a circle with a light at the exterior. They might have been brilliant and kept changing from red to green to white.

"I would say they were at 3,000 to 4,000 feet because there were commercial planes in the air which were so high they could hardly hear them."

DEPUTY Sheriff Les Cline "spotted seeing the objects from McChord field and Duwamish area."

Colonel Reed today said he was unable to find any record that the information had been received at the office. McChord field, stationed by a communications officer, said no one is in the office.

"We don't find any information to support the story," he said. "We can't find any information in our files."

WE ARE extremely interested in information of this kind," Colonel Reed said.

"I can't understand how anyone here could have given such a report."

"In fact, we have gotten reports which have considerably had persons calling to see what kind of treatment they might have."

CIVIL DEFENSE headquarters in Olympia said that calls are coming in.

The communication coordinator today told The Sun that night's call from McChord field was received by the Attachement office.

"We don't investigate these reports here," Colonel Reed added. "We are interested, but the investigation is started from Olympia today."

Detective Bill Giles said he could get no further over Green mountain than one over Butler and the rest of the area between Bremerton and Seattle.

"It is hard to determine what they might have been," he said. "They might have been some of the military radar screens or an illusion from looking at them on long range."


- page 3 -

DIRECTORATE OF INTELLIGENCE
25TH AIR DIVISION (SAGE)
United States Air Force
McChord Air Force Base, Washington

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 250DI                                                15 Sep 1959

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:   Air Technical Intelligence Center
       ATTN: Major Friend, AFCIN 484
       Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio

1.   Your request for information on UFO's in the Bremerton, Washington area has been referred to the Chief of Intelligence, 25th Air Division, McChord Air Force Base, Washington.

2.   Intelligence records show that three UFO reports have been received from Bremerton since 1 July 1959. These reports occurred within a two day period.

    a. On 24 July 1959 at 2030 hours PST, observers in Bremerton reported seeing red, green and white lights in the sky west of Bremerton. Approximately two hours later a report was received from Port Orchard stating yellow-orange lights were visible over the city of Bremerton. The ACRON maintaining air surveillance in the Bremerton area contacted and they informed intelligence that SAC aircraft were flying night training missions in the area of sighting.

    b. On 25 July 1959 at 2100 hours PST another report of UFO was received from Bremerton which stated blue and white lights were visible in the sky way of Bremerton. The responsible ACRON surveillance personnel stated SAC refuelers were in the area of sighting at the time of sighting.

3.   Intelligence has identified these Bremerton UFO's as lights and flares eminating from known friendly sources and has notified base ISO personnel of our findings. Intelligence considers these reports closed and does not contemplate taking any further action on them.

Neil R. Vosburg
NEIL R. VOSBURG
Major, USAF
Director of Intelligence


- page 4 -

AFCIN-Le2

UFO Sightings, State of Washington

SAFO-3d (Maj L. J. Tucker)

1. It was brought to the attention of ATIC by Congressman [redacted] that during July and August of 1959, there were a number of sightings of unidentified flying objects in the areas of Bremerton, Yakima, Bellingham, and Hoquiam, Washington.

2. These objects were described as red, green, white, blue, and yellow by the various witnesses; all sightings occurring at night.

3. ATIC contacted the 25th Air Division, "Chord AFS, Washington and requested an investigation of these sightings. The Directorate of Intelligence of the 25th Air Division informed ATIC on 15 September 1959, that these lights remained from sources emanating from known friendly sources. A telephone call to the base commander, McChord AFS, Washington dated [redacted] that these friendly sources were SAC Aircraft conducting a refueling mission in the area.

4. It is requested that Congressman Towleson be informed of our findings concerning these sightings. It is requested that the latter be addressed to:

Congressman [redacted]
6th District
Washington State

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components


- page 5 -

