PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
2 May 50

2. LOCATION
Dayton, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual     ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual        ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not given

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
not given

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Light larger than a star, over Wayne Avenue.

11. COMMENTS
Insufficient information to form a valid conclusion.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Elev. way m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? About 3-77 traveling, Center of town, over a mile, 1/2 mile, 1000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]

ADDRESS [Redacted]

TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]

What is your present job? Capt. USAF, Pilot

Age 34   Sex M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College Aero. Engr.
d. Post graduate

e. e. Technical school
    (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5   May   59
                                           Day   Month   Year


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa-tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME                                                                   (Do Not Write in This Space)
                                                                        CODE:
SIGNATURE
DATE

Since Capt. [redacted] was readily available, close only the part of Major's letter. Suggest renewed contact & inter-view by UFO office rather than inf. & yet to telephone.

Put ops Negative
Weightings Negative
Flight times

Altitude 35' diameter
U.S. We Saw - Had white with the
red parachute lying, able it at home, rise from
altitude 20,500 feet at 26,000 alt. 2 at way
as well as yet later but not sure. Sat 1900 at 27000
altitude for 10 to 15 seconds. It was not a slowing etc.


- page 3 -

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location: Dayton, Ohio
Date: 5 May 59     Hour (2) 8:00 P
WX: Scattered Clouds, Clear
Description: [partially illegible text]

Direction of Motion: Northeast
Satellite: (AFOIN-453, Phone 69219) [text unclear]

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.): [blank]

Radar Analysis (AFOIN-421): [blank]

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.): [blank]

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.: The witness reported and the record shows which was because [partially illegible]

Other: [blank]

Evaluation of Source Reliability: Person very good

Analysis and Conclusions: It appears that the low hanging clouds were observed from town. There were some references to an error in the plot by center. The witness stated or the witness. In this event, there is no known natural explanation. We do not see the balloon (crossed through with a line). This is a low altitude case with a [remainder of text obscured]


- page 4 -

DISPOSITION FORM

SUBJECT: Extract From Duty Officer's Report 3-4 May 59

TO AFGIN-434a     FROM AFGIN-422a     DATE 4 May 59     COMMAND NO. 1
                                       AFGIN-422a/Capt McNeill/pa
                                       59117/814; 253/Manager C/Gm 4

Following is an extract ATIC Duty Officer, Captain John S. Fletcher's report
dtd 3-4 May 1959 for your information and necessary action:

2100 - Received a call from Capt. Nichols, Duty Officer #1, Bldg 10. He
informed me that a [illegible text] Dayton, Ohio (no phone) reported a
bright light (larger than a star) over Dayton at approx 2340 hrs. I called
all the organizations listed in the Duty Officer's book regarding such matters
but none of them could offer additional information.

[Signature]
JOHN G. McNEILL
Captain, USAF
422a


- page 5 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
05/20/59

2. LOCATION
Dayton, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 05/20/59

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual
☐ Air-Visual

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS

9. COURSE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
A very bright old white perforated light
shining thru overcast. Obj. circled W. and
then turned around. Obj. was traveling a obj
moved a triangular pattern swirling in that
could question & in some case seem to have
an' a sort of material w/was making fall.

☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Intercept Radar

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possible Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
A week previous there was a balloon
in the area of Dayton. This probably was
hanging in it. Object is probably the
same or the like.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 6 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Partially filled in with numbers, but not fully legible]

2. Time of day: 
[Partially filled in, with "A.M." or "P.M." circled]

3. Time zone:
(Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

[One option appears to be circled]

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Address is blacked out]
City or Town: [Partially filled in]
State or Country: [Partially filled in]

Additional remarks: [Blank]

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
[Partially filled in with hours, minutes, seconds]

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One):
a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight
[One option appears to be circled]

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

[One option appears to be circled]

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (15 OCT 54)


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [handwritten text partially illegible]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: ______None_______
    b. Color: ______Light & shiny_______

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of this object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    Circular to elliptical, small light circular, around it

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One)   a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Like a bright star
                   c. Sharply outlined
                   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

    After these objects formed triangular pattern they were in configuration and in some way near. Except one piece of a star. Held motionless with others carrying on it. This point located a field was in sight for less than our minute.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

Handwritten note: unnoticed soft

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other: ________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? [Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 10 -

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[No text entered]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East             e. South           g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest       h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East             e. South           g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest       h. Northwest
[Handwritten note: 215° Bearing May 29, Compass measurement]

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East             e. South           g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest       h. Northwest
[Handwritten note with arrow]

31. If you are fertile with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 215° degrees.
b. From horizon 70° degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 215° degrees.
b. From horizon 70° degrees.

Page 5 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 11 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day         Month         Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes         No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes         No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes         No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?


- page 12 -

