The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from the Project Blue Book archive.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 02/28/54
2. LOCATION: 
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: GMT 02/28/54
5. PHOTOS: G Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 mins
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: 
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object sighted moving NW, pacing ELL, passed thru a angle of approx 80-85 deg.
11. COMMENTS: It is the opinion that the object sighted was a sounding balloon found at this distance with little discernible detail and for this reason it is considered an astronomical or metereological occurrence.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Possibly Balloon

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing some kind of observation or report.

Mar. th, 1958,
Il., was a ooking for more on what he saw through a telesope.
He was looking at Sirius branch when he notite what appeared to be a strange object moving along at a high rate of speed. It was heading in a northwesterly direction and was a brilliant white in color. When first sighted, it was at an altitude of about 3,000 feet and was traveling at a tremendous speed. As it moved further away, it began to diminish in size, but its brilliance did not appear to decrease.

The observer watched it for a little over a minute, and he was convinced that it was not an ordinary aircraft. He said that whatever it was, it was moving at a far greater speed than the fastest jet plane he had ever seen.

He could not make out any definite shape or structure, but he had the impression that it resembled a flattened sphere or disc-like object. He said that he wished that he had a camera with him, but unfortunately he did not.

The observer stated that this was the sixth time within the past 18 months that he had seen similar objects in the sky, but this was by far the most spectacular one. He said that he was a confirmed skeptic on the subject of UFOs, but he could not deny what he had seen with his own eyes on this particular occasion.

He concluded by saying that he hoped that the Air Force would have a reasonable explanation for what he had observed, and that he would be interested in learning the results of any investigation that might be made.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a scanned page of handwritten text from an old UFO report document.

Hearing that the saucer was hit by a burst, the "Unidentified" object suddenly began to fire something in rapid pulses going away and down at an angle. It appeared to be some type of electronic countermeasures being activated by the "Unidentified" object, which seems to indicate it may have been under intelligent control. The witness maintains this was not some form of conventional aircraft but rather something that was operating in a manner characteristic of a "Flying Saucer" type of craft.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]
15 Coventry Lane, S.W., Washington, D.C.

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a hand-drawn diagram or sketch, possibly depicting a UFO sighting or trajectory. The diagram includes various annotations and markings, but no identifiable human faces or other individuals.

Time: 7:48 PM
March 25, 1959

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

CAPTION: CASE NO. - [REDACTED] ID: [REDACTED]
DATE: 25 MARCH 1959
PLACE: BLOOMINGTON, ILL.

The text in the document reads as follows:

CASE NO. - [REDACTED] ID: [REDACTED]
25 MARCH 1959

SUBJECT: Maj: Algia Tucker
REFERENCE:

1. The possibility of the object observing a satellite was considered. However, the subject stated that the object was too large and distant for a satellite.

2. The duration of the sighting was too great to have been a meteorite. The average time of a meteorite sighting is a second or less.

3. The speed, assuming the witness made a good estimate, is quite high for any aircraft other than jet aircraft. It is known that the object's movements were not like those of conventional aircraft.

4. It is the opinion of this office that the object was probably a high flying jet aircraft, with distance and wind accounting for the absence of sound.

SUBJECT: [REDACTED]
OBSERVER: [REDACTED], 
LOCATION: BLOOMINGTON, ILL.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads as follows:

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is to acknowledge your letter received at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base on 6 March concerning an investigation of sightings objects sighted in Bloomington, Illinois, on 2 March.

The findings of the Air Technical Intelligence Center reveal the following:

1. The speed of the object was too great and the duration of the sighting too brief to be a satellite. 
2. The duration of the sighting was too great to have been a meteor. The average life of a meteor is 3-5 seconds or less.
3. Objects of this nature have been estimated to operate in other than a straight line course and it is known that they operate in a zig-zag manner at high speeds as to make the structure arranged in a perimeter so they can be seen from almost any single angle.
4. It is the opinion of the Air Technical Intelligence Center that your observed a high-speed object with distance and visual accompanying for the absence of sound.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
CAPT, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

- page 6 -

