PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
05 Jul 59

2. LOCATION
Irondequoit, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1300

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5-10 sec

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
N-E

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Brownish-black obj w/a white bubble in center, no sound. Edges in front seemed a little thicker than trailing edges. Shape was roughly a "quarter-moon", y/a trailing edge. Obj had tremendous speed.

11. COMMENTS
No conclusion was reached as to the cause of the sighting & the case is carried as unidentified. Possibility that obj was a meteor, however, this does not account for the supposed manner & the mount of detail obtained by the witness in the extremely short duration that the obj was in sight.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other: UNIDENTIFIED
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Absolutely no sound
b. Color: Grayish-black with a white bubble in center

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details on arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with a curved shape, with compass directions and notes about a "white bubble affair"]

Object came from the North, banked and then turned configuring me a kind of side-view of it.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

[Additional notes about edges being a little different from the trailing edges]

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

ONE object, ONLY!! However, I caught a glimpse of a jet as the sun reflected off it but the jet seemed much further away, probably 40-5 miles - in right at Jake Ontario. This was of passing interest in sighting the object.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Hand-drawn path with annotations]

The only explanation I can give as far as motion is concerned is that the object moved as a fast or fast plane, first looking head-on and then watching it turn and bank.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what this real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
5 or 6 ft.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at arm's length?
(Circle One):   a. Head of a pin   g. Silver dollar
                b. Pea             h. Baseball
                c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
                d. Nickel          j. Basketball
                e. Quarter         k. Other
                f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
      a. Certain         c. Not very sure
      b. Fairly certain  d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Just accelerated, first after turning circular, (6x30) on it, again got to clear turning, might then as it disappeared seemed from ground or possibly gone.

24. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How would it look, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. - Thing I would have to construct the object - first, it was metal, no doubt about that. Its shape, which to my appeared first about 1/4 or 1/2 quarter moon shape. It would have to be pretty big possibly 30 to 40 ft. on 20 ft. wide. I would have to use aluminum a drop wing - black to duplicate the color. If you could have the moon up in the sky painted black, that would be almost what it looked like! This is the best I can do. Sorry!


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Watching for Jo flying which I could not see after. It was at this time a few clouds & photographer thought to be a jet, too.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? [blank]

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

Handwritten notes:
Damn sorry I can not do justice to this question except to say the object came out of the North.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

[Handwritten note next to first sketch]: this object did not seem to climb or loose altitude but came on a straight line and turned

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

[Handwritten note next to second sketch]: You can use point "B" as the place point. I was not able to object (rest of text partially illegible)


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
    a. Clear sky
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds
    e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
    a. No wind
    b. Slight breeze about 20 mph or less
    c. Strong wind
    d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
    a. Dry
    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Snow
    e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
    a. Cold
    b. Cool
    c. Warm
    d. Hot
    e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? I did not report the object to anyone

Day    Month    Year    (additional handwritten text appears partially illegible)

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
    (Circle One) Yes    No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
    (Circle One) Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses: (blank)

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
    (Circle One) Yes    No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other one?
    (Handwritten response appears to describe previous sightings in Jan 1951, but is partially illegible)

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? (Handwritten response discusses possible explanations, including something about a machine that flies silently and well-positioned, potentially from outer space)

The bottom of the page contains additional handwritten text discussing the object's potential origin from outer space, but parts are difficult to fully decipher.


- page 6 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
800 and more! slowed yet to 630 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
roughly straight out 700ft. just not that high up

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: Rochester 4, New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present job? Technical Machine Illustrator
Age: 28   Sex: Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College 3½ yrs School-Eastman of. Other special training Engineering
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: Sept. 6   (Sept.)   1959


- page 7 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of what you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: Sept. 6, 1959

I can only repeat the statements already given, and they are: Lst. stood in my yard with 6x36 binoculars in hand & suddenly saw the object, dark in color, which seemed to be changing on standing still about a mile and a half away, and moving northeast & a speed I think of about 100 mph. Thinking at the time it was just my binoculars on this object and if came toward me at once, taking on the shape of a quarter moon roughly, as showing a "bubble on turret" like protrusion, as if jointed into the Northeast, first coming from the North as near as I could tell. All the while it was silent and I could hear no engine noise or distinguish a shape that would cause me some amusement. During this I was sure there was an object that as I saw the shape of a half disk, or wedge, or possibly the object or machine made no noise and

[Note: The last line appears to be cut off]


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 10

Clear so rapidly. I am still amazed at the shape. That I have seen many military planes and drawing of "saucer shaped" deal of the picture put never anything else like this before! The object disappeared behind some trees and I guess flew on to the east as I last sight of it. I would like to recount the very rapid acceleration from what thought to be a stand still. I had not been looking toward the north & so not very much if I should have seen it at all. You may be interested to know I witnessed some very flying objects before this and I stated in this info sheet including some F 84's closing some figures or near square while flying this info sheet including some F 84's, take Rochester Airport Tower reported to me after just my mother and I saw the "objects" clearly, altitude high, speed up and dis appear in clouds, taking the jets behind. After considerable thought, I decided it was best to forward the information on to Major Tacker as I do not wish to mitigate any security big tell it to the newspapers who probably would have a field day of their own. I am a private pilot and am familiar with the sighted objects with flying in all mining ground.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

10 NOIC/n

Rochester 9, New York
Aug/n
Encl
N

Major L. S. Tucker:
Information Service U.S.A.F.
Room 46-916 Wash. 25, D.C.

Dear Sir:

After considerable thought, I decided to drop you a line in regards to an "unknown object" which I observed thru a pair of 6 X 30 Carl Zeiss binoculars in broad daylight, during an - invasion (a simulated invasion) which took place on the beaches of Lake Ontario on a later day afternoon. Please understand that I was standing in my yard at the time of the sighting and became of the "invasion four miles away," I assumed that jets were in the area (as they were) and that with my 6 X 30 binoculars I might catch one of they flew at the right altitude. Having seen one get at a distance I was satisfied and became disinterested in looking for more, when there appeared a brownish-black object at about 100 feet altitude coming very rapidly out of


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

of the north. Immediately put my
glasses on the object and it became
greatly enlarged at the same time
closed the distance between where I
stood in my yard and where I first saw it.
The two things which are very difficult to
understand are the fact, number one, the
object made no noise and went so fast
that I had my glasses on it no more than 5 or
10 seconds the very most, and number
two, the shape of the object left me
wondering if I was behind the time
in knowing or recognizing "existing air-
craft". (presuming it to be military if for
no other reason that the speed at which it
travelled.) The shape was roughly a "gutter
moon with a piece or part trailing off
the trailing edge of the object," which
was "all along" as far as I could
see. Theonly protuberance noted was
a "roundish while dome" or something
reminiscent of a "lens turret". I
have never seen anything in all my life
of such odd shape and tremendous speed


- page 11 -

and so obviously silent. I am at a loss
to describe it further. Because of the
short period in which it came and went,
disappearing in a direct & easterly
route after turning on its side. By
this I mean to say when I first saw it,
it appeared as in Fig. 1 of the accompanying
drawing and very rapidly closed, turned
on its side as in Fig. 2 of the drawing
and disappeared behind some trees while
cut out my field of view. The man in the
right hand corner of the drawing represents
where I stood in relation to the trees
and in what direction I was facing when
I first noticed the object. The arrow on
the drawing shows the direction of
travel, how big the object grew in a matter
of 5 or 10 seconds to the 6 to 30° and the direc-
tion the machine took just before it
left my field of view. Oh to say, being a
pilot (private pilot) I would estimate the
size of the object (which did not give
altitude) about that of a DC 3 (those
are) only with no fuselage at all. The


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

color remained a brownish black and the
only spot of contrast was the bubble as mentioned
before. "It seemed thicker in the center when
viewed 'head on'". My reason for holding
off so long in telling of this "object" is or
was trying to decide who the best man
to write to concerning these things is.

Also, I have doubt if anyone else saw or
heard this off object and I do not wish
to be ridiculed or be accused of seeing
a bird, a jet plane, or some other object
of which I am pretty familiar. I definitely
would say if with a solid flying
machine like with a silent engine capsule
of terrific forward speed, faster than
anything I have seen in the fighter or
bomber line. Now, can you tell me
what I saw and do you have any thing
of this type flying. What is the story
how you have any written material
in back of this? If so, could I obtain
a copy? I sincerely hope I can hear from someone
in the dept. - Sam (at your convenience)
MGC 28 (or some other number)
PROFESSIONAL TECHNICAL MACHINE ILLUSION
astronomer plot clear

Very sincerely,


- page 13 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image appears to be a diagram or illustration showing:

- A crescent moon-like shape with two numbered arrows
- A compass rose indicating cardinal directions (N, S, E, W)
- Two trees
- A small figure or symbol at the bottom
- The image is in black and white


- page 14 -

SAFIS-34/Maj Tacker/mbb/72291

2 September 1959

Dear Mr.

This is to acknowledge your undated letter concerning an Unidentified Flying Object you sighted recently near Lake Ontario.

Your letter contained insufficient data to allow a valid conclusion. Therefore request you complete the inclosed Air Force questionnaire in regard to this sighting and forward the completed paper to the Air Force Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, for analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

Enclosure

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr.
Rochester 9, New York

Comeback IS-34
Reader IS-1


- page 15 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much Information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25 July 1958

2. Time of day:
1300 to 1:30 PM
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Near Lighthouse
Nearest Postal Address: Irondequoit New York, Parke
Additional remarks: Standing of front yard at time of sighting

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours Minutes 10 to 15 Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 50)


- page 16 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One):   a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [handwritten text partially illegible]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window

Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No

c. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
h. Other        [handwritten text]


- page 17 -

