PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
11 Nov 59

2. LOCATION
Portland, Maine

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMTL/6302

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual ☒
Air-Visual ☐

5. PHOTOS
Yes ☐
No ☒

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4 secs

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
North

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Perfectly and obj moving fm 75° elev in the South crossing zenith to 45° elev in North. Lights not glowing, speed constant, although rpt also indicates that at some time or other it was standing still. Observed in bright daylight about noon. Flight path straight. Initial impression was that it was a weather balloon, except that speed was excessive (obj moving at meter speeds). Solid obj not reflection.

11. COMMENTS
Several contradictory statements in the Rpt. Case listed as insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon ☐
Probably Balloon ☐
Possibly Balloon ☐
Was Aircraft ☐
Probably Aircraft ☐
Possibly Aircraft ☐
Was Astronomical ☐
Probably Astronomical ☐
Possibly Astronomical ☐
Other ☐
Insufficient Data for Evaluation ☒
Unknown ☐

ATC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen this object?
17 November 1959

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I dont know what might have caused it.
It was defintly something round and solid travelling
at a tremendous rate of speed. I first thought it might
be a satellite but it seemed too large and not so
high as I thought a satellite might travel.


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No   [Handwritten: Faster than any known jet]
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] St.   Portland   Zone   MAINE
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
What is your present job? Elementary School Principal
Age   41   Sex   Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school   Yes   e. Technical school
b. High school   4 yrs. Highest level
c. College   4 yrs. B.S. degree
d. Post graduate   4 yrs. Masters Degree
    30 hrs. beyond Masters Deg.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:   24   November   1959
    Day     Month     Year


- page 3 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use this following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: November 24, 1959

I happened to be looking at the sky in a southern direction when I saw a round white object appear. At first it seemed to be without motion. As it approached, the speed seemed to increase, when at was directly in front of me it was going at a terrific rate of speed. It was definitely round and white in color. It continued on its path toward the northern sky and disappeared all at once in the distance. At first I thought it might be a weather balloon but discarded this because of its size and the rate of speed it was traveling. The sky was


- page 4 -

Clear without any cloud formations when this was observed. I have been many gallons used many types of aircraft but this was definitely something that I had never seen before in the stopgard yet it was something real.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can see in the image:

90° Zenith

225° SW
270° SW
180° S
135° SE
90° E
45° NE
315° NW

Handwritten notes:
"Just sighted"
"About 5-6 sec later"

The image appears to be a diagram of a celestial sphere or horizon, with a stylized cityscape at the bottom and gridlines representing different angular measurements. A central figure (likely representing an observer) is positioned at the center of the diagram.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the UFO Analysis Sheet:

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location PORTLAND, MAINE
Date 11 NOV 59     Hour (24) 1630
WX CLEAR, COOL, DRY
Description PERFECTLY ROUND OBJECT
COLOR WHITE - NOT GLOWING CONSTANT
APPEARANCE APPROXIMATELY FINE
SIZE OF A GRAPEFRUIT AT ARM'S LENGTH
Direction of Motion S-N
Satellite: (AFOIN-4F3, Phone 69219)

Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.)

Radar Analysis (AFOIN-481)

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.)

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.

Other

Evaluation of Source Reliability PRESENT GOOD

Analysis and Conclusions: THIS CASE IS CLASSIFIED
INSUFFICIENT EVIDENCE. ONE WITNESS ONLY
THE OBJECT WAS IN SIGHT ONLY 5 SECONDS
AND DURING THAT TIME WENT FROM THE
SOUTHERN TO THE NORTHERN HORIZON - THIS
WOULD PUT IT IN AN ARCS METEOR.


- page 7 -

November 16, 1959
Portland, Maine

Department of the Air Force
Washington, D. C.

Sir,

I wish to report having seen an unidentified flying object on November 11, 1959 about 2:00 p.m. The following is an account of what I saw.

About 2:00 p.m. as I was looking toward the southern sky I saw a round white object coming across the sky in a south-north direction. At first I thought it was a weather balloon but soon discounted this as it got closer. It was flying high and at a tremendous rate of speed; faster than any jet could possibly fly. It had a round ball shape and was white in color. It was not glowing. It disappeared in the northern sky.

The sky at the time of observation was a clear blue without cloud formations. It was not an optical illusion. The only object that I could use to describe it would be a satellite coming on a path very close to earth.

The above is a factual report as I described it.

I am sending this information to you for whatever value it may be to you.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]


- page 8 -

SAFI-34/i Tucker/mho/7229l

19 November 1959

Dear Mr.

This is to acknowledge your letter of 16 November 1959 regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object on 11 November.

Your letter contains insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, I am enclosing an Air Force Questionnaire for you to complete and forward direct to the AEROSPACE Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, for their analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Street
Portland, Maine

Comeback OI-34
Reader OI-1


- page 9 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.

Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.

We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

[The rest of the form contains standard questions about:
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day
3. Time zone
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. Estimate how long you saw the object
5.1 Certainty of observation
6. Condition of the sky
7. Sun's location during observation

The form has multiple choice options for each question, with "Circle One" instructions for selecting answers.]

At the bottom of the form: ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 10 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was this object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:                                   (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                 Yes   No   Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?       Yes   No   Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?                    Yes   No   Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?                                    Yes   No   Don't Know
e. Change brightness?                                 Yes   No   Don't Know
f. Change shape?                                      Yes   No*  Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?                        Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
[Blank line for response]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
[Blank line for response]

14. Did the object appear:   (Circle One):   a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No   e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No   f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No   g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No   h. Other [Blank space]

Page 2 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound ___________________
    b. Color just a glowing white.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn circle with annotations]
Perfectly round
North <-- direction of elevation
South

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

    a. Other: edges came inward
              in the part by the object

19. IF There was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The bottom section of the form is blank]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Showed a straight path across the sky.

21. IF POSSIBLE, give a guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
20 feet. Difficult because of the distance factor.

22. How did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Disappeared quickly after it had gone some distance covered in the distance

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

it would be like a balloon would resemble it except that it was too large and traveling too fast to be a weather balloon.
Material could be a white metal and it must have been large because of the length of its path.
It was perfectly round in shape. A grapefruit might resemble it if it were white in color.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was on a ladder against the house. I just happened to look up. Happened to notice something peculiar shining and just saw it coming.
I was partly on the ladder so that my position at the time was not directly by the house.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon _________ degrees.


- page 14 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

It seemed low when I first saw it and high when I stopped.


- page 15 -

