PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
Sep 53

2. LOCATION
Herford, Germany

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 11/21504

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Interceptor Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes ☒ No

6. SOURCE
British Military

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-4 sec

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Falling

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Oval shaped, bright white obj, had a bright tail. Flew a last seen in the South.

11. COMMENTS
Description is typical of a meteor

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☒ Was Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 20 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

APPENDICES 257

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions as the time you saw the object?
341 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Thick or heavy clouds
d. Don't remember

342 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight wind
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

343 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

344 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official this you had seen the object?
Date: ________ Place: ____________

36. Was anyone else with you the time you saw the object?
361 (Circle One) Yes     (No) (Circle One)
362 If you answered YES, did they see the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No
363 Please list their names and addresses: STRANGER WHO HAPPENED TO PASS

37. Was this the first time you had seen this object or object like that?
371 (Circle One) Yes     No
372 If you answered NO, how many times before had you seen it under what circumstances did you see it? 7 YEARS AGO IT WAS LIKE A BURNING FLAG POLE REMOVED IN SIGHT FOR APPROX 5 SEC.
ANOTHER OCCASION SIMILAR SHAPE SMALLER

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
A BURNING METEOR.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

252     APPENDICES

[A questionnaire form with partially obscured/blacked out text]

Questions include:
39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
41. Please give brief information about yourself
    [Personal details section with some text blacked out]

42. Completed questionnaire date: SAT   APRIL   1959

The page appears to be part of an appendix in a document, with a questionnaire form focused on gathering information about a UFO sighting.


- page 3 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

1. Col Retsman
   Organization and Location: AO-CIN-4584

2. Col Hoffman

3. Maj L. J. Tacker
   SAFIS-3

REMARKS:
1. This analysis concerns an UFO sighting by a British subject.

2. The description is characteristic of a meteor. Source states it was a meteor, yet he reported it as an UFO. Probably out of curiosity. Source was very impressed by the "flying Saucers" book he had just finished, and was anxious to see a "saucer".

FROM: Major Robert J. Friend
Organization and Location: AO-CIN-4584
Date: 12 May 1959
Telephone: 69216

DD FORM 95 (Replaces DA AGO Form 551, 1 Apr 48, and AGEQ Form 12, 10 Nov 47, which may be used)


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

11 APRIL, 1959

[Column Headers]
1. Col McBaman
2. Col McBaman (noted)
3. Maj L. J. Tucker
4. SAFIS-3

REMARKS:
1. This analysis concerns an UFO sighting by a British subject.

2. The description is characteristic of a meteor. Source states it was a meteor, yet he reported it as an UFO, probably out of curiosity. Source was very impressed by the "Flying Saucer" book he had just finished, and was expecting to see a "saucer".

FROM: Major Robert J. Friend
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: AFOIN-4E84
TELEPHONE: 69216
DATE: 12 May 1959

DD FORM 95 (bottom of document)


- page 5 -

20 May 1959

Dear [redacted],

This is to acknowledge your letter of 11 April 1959 concerning an unidentified flying object sighting in Germany on that date.

The description is characteristic of a meteor and you were probably fortunate enough to have viewed such a phenomenon.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

4 Div
"C" Branch
B.F.P.O. 15
Germany


- page 6 -

4 DIV
G BRANCH
BFPO 15
11/14/59

Dear Sir,

I am a soldier serving my National Service out here in Germany. I have been here on Space's thing since I was about nine years, just up to now and I often look at the sky for night so it fascinated me very much. 55 Knights the 11th April 1959 I was going to rest at the stars with intention of seeing an object in outer space, so I just found myself watching a look called:

FLYING SAUCERS HAVE LANDED by Diamond & Lee

I George Adamski, I was quite surprised to see an object in the sky, it was very bright also its spray if was giving off. It was oval shape with a long silvery vapour trail, to my sight it was about an 8' to 9" shape going out of sight, it remained so I stated in sight for 3 to 3½ just the vapour remained for an extra 5 MINS.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

I don't know exactly what it was, at time of when a thing of my eyes after sighting these. Some sighting have I ways that I was not sure that I was not too sure of my eyes. I can't say for sure at the same time as I did, to see if you might will then is all I know at of your springs strangely and this is no part of promise of your

The document also contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be buildings or houses, with some annotations like "60 ft approx" and "I was here" on the diagram.


- page 8 -

APPENDIX III                                                Form A

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can help the U.S. Air
Force investigate this type of flying object. We request that you give us
the following information as accurately as possible. Your cooperation will
be of great assistance to the U.S. Air Force in evaluating this type of
phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions
as you possibly can. The information will be used for research purposes
only. We request this information voluntarily. Your name will not be used
without your permission. We request this personal information in this, if it
is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
   JULY 2nd, 1959
   Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day?
   (Circle Only)    a. Daylight
                    b. Twilight
                    c. Sunrise
                    d. Sunset

3. Time
   (Circle Only)    a. Certain
                    b. Fairly sure
                    c. Not sure

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   NEAR BITBURG A/B
   Nearest Point Address        City or Town        State or Country

5. Estimate how long you saw the object?
   Hours    Minutes    Seconds

6. Circle one of the following to indicate size of your answer to
   a. Quite sure
   b. Somewhat sure
   c. Not sure
   d. Just a guess

7. What were the conditions of the sky?
   (Circle Only)    a. Clear
                    b. Partly cloudy
                    c. Cloudy

8. If time was during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the
   (Circle Only)    a. Overhead
                    b. Near horizon
                    c. Just above trees

245


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

240     APPENDICES                                                                Page 4

[A form with multiple questions, partially filled out. Visible handwritten notes include "IN THE SKY" and some other scribbled annotations. The form appears to be a UFO sighting report with checkboxes and questions about the observed object's characteristics.]

Specific questions on the form include:
9. "We the object brighter than the background of the sky?"
10. "If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness that of a..."
11. "Did the object:"
12. "Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?"
13. "Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?"
14. "Did the object appear:" with sub-options like "Transparent", "Lens", etc.

The page is numbered 240 at the top left and Page 4 at the top right.


- page 10 -

APPENDICES                                                   247

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: WA SOUND
    b. Color: _______________

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object as you saw it. If you can't draw, put an X through this block. Be sure to show the direction the object was traveling. Use pencil and draw to show the direction.
    [A blank space for drawing]

18. The shape of the object was:
    (Circle One):   1. Fuzzy or Blurred
                    2. Like a bright star
                    3. Circular
                    4. Sharp?
                    5. Don't remember

19. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a rough sketch to show the direction.
    [A blank space for drawing]


- page 11 -

248                APPENDICES

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place
an "X" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any
change in direction during the course.

21. If POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its
largest dimension. _________ feet

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following
objects held at arm's length? (Circle One):
    a. Dime           f. Silver dollar
    b. Nickel         g. Basketball
    c. Quarter        h. Crossball
    d. Half-dollar    i. Other

23. Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to
    Question 22:
    1. Fairly certain    3. Not very sure
    4. Uncertain

24. How did the object or objects disappear from view? [Handwritten text partially illegible]
    WENT BEHIND CLOUD SLOWLY FADED OUT

25. In order that you can give us a clearer picture as possible of what you saw, would
you draw a rough sketch of the object or objects in the space below? Indicate by
type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it
have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which would make
it easy to compare with what you saw. [Remainder of text cut off]


- page 12 -

APPENDICES                249

[The image shows a page with a form containing multiple numbered questions, with some questions partially filled out. The visible text includes:]

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
[Options include: a. Inside a building, b. Outside, c. In airplane, etc.]

26. Were you (Circle One)
[Options include: a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, etc.]

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object?
[Partially filled in, but text is not fully legible]

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then:
28.1 What direction were you moving?
[Options include: a. North, b. South, c. East, d. West, etc.]

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
[Options include: a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, etc.]

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
[Similar options as previous question]

31. If you are familiar with bearing trees (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees from true North (horizontal) or true South (vertical)
[Includes spaces for measurements]

The rest of the form is partially visible but not fully legible.


- page 13 -

APPENDICES

250                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "Page 6"

The text for the illustrations is partially illegible, but the page contains three diagrams showing what appears to be a trajectory or observation of an object from different perspectives.


- page 14 -

