PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
19 Oct 59

2. LOCATION
N of Langley AFB, Va.

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
One

8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Self-luminous red obj, about four ft in diameter, had a red black dome in the center of the bottom of the obj. Obj glowed. Witness fired a shot in the obj's general direction, heard a sound of metal on metal. After the third shot witness closed his eyes & when he reopened the obj was gone.

9. COURSE
not given

10. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. COMMENTS
Investigators believe sighting to be a hoax.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Other: Hoax
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(5)

and received a reply from one Col. Carl M. Nelson, of the
AFB Legislative Liaison Office: "The statement was not
reported to Langley Air Force Base or the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC). The statement that the
Air Force queried a civilian UFO researcher is erroneous.
This indirect form of interrogation is contrary to Air Force
policy."

Now young Maccubbin had had enough of this evasion. He
succeeded in persuading Bryant to draw up an affidavit outlining the events that had occurred during the Langley conflict. He wrote to Mr. Hardy again on April 19: "It is
clearly evident," he countered, "that this affidavit
completely disproves Colonel Nelson's statements on this
important incident. Therefore, my question concerning the
laxity of the Air Force in investigating this sighting still
remains."

The affidavit, apparently put the Legislative Liaison
Office on the spot, for on May 16 its director, Maj. Gen.
Thomas C. Musgrave, Jr., replied to Mr. Hardy as follows:

In view of your further interest in this
matter and the affidavit of Mr. Larry W. Bryant,
the field commander was again queried on the...
sighting. Information received indicates that
this sighting was not reported to...[Langley or
ATIC] by the two teen-age boys who reportedly
signed the undecided objects (There was only
one UFO). It was, however, reported to Langley...
by telephone on 22 October 1959 by Mr. Bryant
and again by letter on 23 November 1959 by Mr.
Maccubbin. This information is offered to clarify
paragraph 3 of Colonel Carl M. Nelson's letter of
31 March 1960.

Mr. Bryant...stated he was queried by the
Air Force concerning this sighting (Specifically,
during Sgt. Perkins' telephone call of 23
Oct 59). Records indicate he queried the Air
Force on this matter and he was advised that the
information which he volunteered would be handled
in accordance with Air Force Regulation 200-2, a
copy of which is enclosed. Mr. Bryant's report
contained insufficient evidence to allow any valid
conclusions; and since the report was received
approximately four days after the sighting, the
urgency of the situation was considerably lessened.
In accordance with the above-referenced directive,
and since no one else in the area reported this


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(6)

sighting, the matter was dropped from further consideration.

In his last letter to Mr. Hardy, Larry Maccubbin stressed the importance of holding open Congressional hearings on the entire UFO subject. "Major General Musgrave's statement that Mr. Bryant's report contained insufficient information or evidence to allow any valid conclusions is indeed confusing. Since his report," continued Maccubbin, "was one of a private investigator and not the actual sighter of the UFO, no valid conclusions should be drawn from it. Instead, the sighters should have been interrogated so that a positive conclusion could be made."

All of this leads up to the question, why did Muca and Moors themselves not report the sighting to Langley? In the first place, they feared reprisals that could result from their disclosure that they had penetrated the marsh's restricted area. Then, too, they felt that nothing would come of the report due to the near-fantastic nature of the case.

The final Washington development in the Poquoson page was a letter dated May 26, 1960, from Brig. Gen. Joseph T. Kingsley, Deputy Director of Legislative Liaison, addressed to Mr. John Carothers, Chief Clerk of the House Committee on Science and Astronautics. Kingsley began: "As your request, this office has further investigated the incident and the correspondence relative thereto which has been forwarded this office and Congressman Hardy." After mentioning the Musgrave letter of May 16, the general proceeded to show unqualified disregard for private ufologists, referring to their acknowledged amateurism, but in the same breath, deciding their high priority criticize the AF investigations. How much this attack affected Mr. Carothers' position is still undetermined.

Thanks to Mr. Hardy, the committee has used its initiative in seeking the truth.

In evaluating the situation that had evolved after October 19, 1959, Larry Bryant, in his correspondence with Maccubbin, aired concern about the object itself: "I doubt if the object was part of a NASA experiment. (Emanating from the Langley-based laboratory, the isolated Wallops Island would certainly be the test site for any new aerial device being locally by NASA. If the thing was terrestrial, it might have been a scanning...


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(7)

device launched by a Soviet submarine. This could account
for the low altitude, since an enemy would attempt to avoid
detection by our radar scopes." He was annoyed by the hands-
off attitude of the AF, saying that if the object had caused
an increase in the radioactivity of the area it might now be
too late to measure that evidence.

From the material collected by Bryant and Maccubbin,
the Air Research Group cannot help concluding that the U. S.
Air Force was derelict in its duty. The Pocossor story is
reminiscent of the famous Fitzgerald case, in which the
civilian researchers involved charged the AF investigating
team with criminal mishandling. That the two observers are
well known in the area and do not have a questionable repu-
tation tends to discount the idea of a premeditated hoax.
We conclude further that the object heard, seen, and shot
on that beautiful day was an unknown machine under
intelligent control. We rest our case.

If you, the readers of this report, are dissatisfied
with any major part of the Air Force's 13-year investigation
of Unidentified Flying Objects, we recommend that you con-
tact your senators and representatives on Capitol Hill,
urging them to support a public, full-scale congressional
probe into the matter. Ask them this question: How many
Pocossor-type sightings must occur before the AF will in-
clude them in its supposedly sincere UFO research program?

We believe this country's citizenry is entitled to know
and the acts of the UFO problem, whether pleasant or not.
And we want everyone who can contribute to that knowledge
to do so by sending us his sighting reports, key statements
from official sources, and news or editorial clippings from his
local newspaper. Please send all such information to either
of the following:

Larry W. Bryant             Larry P. Maccubbin
(Chairman, Air Research Group)  (Director, Norfolk Division)
News                         331 East Little Creek Road
Network News                 Norfolk 5
Phone: Chestnut 5-3119       Phone: Justice 8-6881

SUGGESTIONS FOR FURTHER READING

BRYANT, Larry W. From Within the Blackout: An Analysis of
Secrecy on the Local UFO Scene. 1 April 1960; 52 pages,
mimeographed; price, $1.00 per copy.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

(6)

A summary report introducing the story of "UFO Secrecy" to the layman and the novice ufologist. Pre-sents significant local sighting reports and documents to those-who-want-what-why-how of the official, nation-wide secrecy conspiracy.

EDWARDS, Frank. "Have UFO's Learned to Outwit Radar?" Date (Magazine) Vol. 12, No. 12 (December, 1952); Clark Publishing Co., Evanston, Illinois.
This popular news broadcaster and author theorizes that the trend to low-level appearances by the UFO's is due to the occasional afforest affected by the ground-clutter of hills and trees. He explains that the UFO's oscillation occurs when they are detected by strong radar beams.

HALL, Richard, Editor. Electro-Magnetic Effects Associated with Unidentified Flying Objects. June, 1960; prepared by WJUFO's Washington, D.C. Subcommittee, 25 pages. (First printing is deleted.)
A detailed exploration of one aspect of the UFO mystery. Electro-magnetic occurrences during 80 some sightings. It contains a digest of the data examined by the Subcommittee, maps illustrating the scope of the phenomena, and summary reports of significant cases.

KEHOE, Donald E. Flying Saucers from Outer Space. New York: Henry Holt and Co. Inc.; 1953.
The pioneering effort of a serious, careful investigator. It is based on 41 ATIC sighting reports released exclusively to Major Albert M. Chop, of the Air Force Press Desk at the time.

KEHOE, Donald E., Editor. The U.F.O. Investigations; published by the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) 1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W., Washington 6, D.C.
This periodical is issued to the Committee's Associate Members, at $5.00 per annum.

KEHOE, Donald E. Flying Saucers: Top Secret. New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons; 1960.
The Major's magnum opus.

MICHEL, Aime. Flying Saucers and the Straight-Line Mystery. New York: Criterion Books; 1958, appendix "The 1957 Saucer Wave in the United States") is by Alexander D. Libens, of New York's Civilian Saucer Intelligence.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

(9)

This is the work that paves the way for a truly scientific approach to ufology. Michael is a well-known French mathematician and engineer. He analyzes the 1954 UFO file in which France was the hotbed for sightings, landings, and orthothetic alignment. He concludes that the flying saucers are the product of an incredibly advanced technology, and he documents his conclusion with evidence of a pattern and guiding intelligence behind their activity.

UFO Research Committee of Akron, Ohio. The Fitzgerald Report: A Complete and Detailed Account of the Sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object, Angelia Lake, Ohio, September 21, 1953; copyright 1959 by Robert J. Durant, 2135 State Road, Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio. Price, $1.00 per copy.


- page 6 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely faint and illegible. While there is a document visible, the text is so washed out that I cannot discern any specific words or content. The page looks like a scanned document with very low contrast, making OCR impossible in this state.


- page 7 -

19 May: Col Manza da called re the two boys who made sighting - Oct 59

Names are: [redacted] age 15 at the time of sight mg
[redacted], Poquoson, Va.
(Intelligence talked to this boy)

[redacted], Poquoson, Va.
(at the time Manzda called, Intelligence had not
been able to locate him.)

I asked Manzda to get the Intelligence people to write an informal report on their talks with the youngsters and "when he got it to slip it in an envelope and mail it to us...just for the record.

The unofficial feeling of Intelligence types who talked to Mark Manza is that the boys have been in some sort of mischief and they have fabricated the story to cover up for their activities.


- page 8 -

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD                                                9 June 1960

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

1. 19 October 1959 - date of sighting, investigated 18 May 1960. Two boys, 15 years old and 11 years old, sighted a self-luminous, round object while hunting near Poquoson, Va. Master stated he fired at the object and hit it once causing a sound of metal on metal. The observation lasted a little over a minute.

2. Major Friend called Major Paul Roberts, 4505th Air Refueling Wing, Langley AFB, Va., and confirmed the thoroughness of the investigation. Section, Intelligence Section, determined from NASA and the GSI sites that no air traffic was had determined from NASA and the GSI sites that no air traffic was responsible. The witness could not find the exact spot, surveillance was made of the general area of the sighting. Investigators believe sighting to be hoax.

3. [Partially redacted], who reported the sighting to Langley AFB, was investigated by the OSI. He was at one time employed in the Provost Marshal's Office at Ft Monroe, Va., but due to his attitude and evidence that he was a poor security risk, had been transferred to a less sensitive job at Ft Eustice, Va.

4. Congressman Porter Hardy, Virginia requested information on sighting from USAF.

[Signature of Major Friend]
Major, USAF
ACIN-LB2g


- page 9 -

Wing Intelligence Section
4005TH AIR REPELLING WG (T.C.)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Langley Air Force Base, Virginia

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFOOI
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) Reported by Mr. A. L. Bryant

TO: TAC (TOI) Lt Colonel Meranda

Attached are resumes of the interrogation of [redacted] and [redacted] concerning their sighting of an unidentified flying object on 19 October 1959.

PAUL ROBERTS
Major, USAF
UFO Investigation Officer

2 Atch
1-Interview:
2-Interview:

25 May 1960

1st Ind (TOI)
Hq TAC, Langley AFB, Va.

TO: OSAF (SAFOI-3d)

The attached UFO report is forwarded for your information as requested.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

JOSEPH A. STUART JR.
Colonel, USAF
Information Officer

2 Atch - n/c


- page 10 -

Interview with [redacted]

On 19 October 1959, allegedly observed an unidentified flying object while hunting on U.S. Government property located at 32 O7 12N 76 00 16W. Was interrogated on 18 May 1960 and offered the following information.

Two boys, [redacted] age 15, and [redacted] age 14, were in swampland northwest of the Plum Island Bomb Range. Heard an odd whirring sound and upon looking up, observed a circular object, shaped like a discus, about 4 feet in diameter. When first seen, the object was 75 to 90 feet above the ground. There was a round black dome in the center of the bottom of the object. The rest of the object was "self-luminous".

It was after sundown, just before dusk, causing the object to glow. No windows, doors or other openings could be seen. He started to chase the object when first seen, the object was 125 or 30 yards above him, and it then steadily descended to about "60 feet". He felt a light draft and fired at the object three times. He indicated he was very frightened and heard it strike the times. The third round contained a lead slug and he heard it strike metal. After the third shot he closed his eyes and rubbed them with his hand, at which time the object disappeared. There appeared to be no tail, trail or exhaust and very little noise. The observation lasted "a little over a minute".

The subject's mother appeared during the interview and stated that her son had returned from hunting in a highly nervous state and she stayed up all night with him trying to keep him calmed down. In her opinion, he is a truthful boy and she believes his story.

I was impressed by the youth's pat answers to the usual questions required by AFR 200-2. They appeared to be well-rehearsed and required no thought on his part. In addition, he had a ready answer for questions concerning height, distance, and size. His use of the term "self-luminous" seemed incongruous with his age and the rest of his speech. When asked to explain the meaning of "self-luminous", he became unsure of himself and stated it was "like aluminum". I was left with the distinct impression that the young man was slightly apprehensive over the interest in his story.

Attachment Number 1


- page 11 -

25 March 1960

MEMORANDUM FOR CHIEF, TEAM "C", SAFLL
ATTENTION: Major Allen F. Will

SUBJECT: Reply to Congressman Hardy's UFO Inquiries

The following will serve as a basis for reply to Congressman Hardy's UFO Inquiries:

Dear Mr. Hardy:

I refer to your recent inquiries concerning unidentified flying objects in behalf of Mr. [redacted] of Norfolk, Virginia.

The 7 February 1960 UFO sighting in the mid-west was not reported to the United States Air Force and, therefore, the Air Force did not analyze or evaluate this sighting.

The 1948 top secret report officially concluding UFOs were real is non-existent. By "real" we assume Mr. [redacted] means they were objects from another planet as he mentions elsewhere in his letter of 22 February 1960. Captain Ruppelt evidently referred to letters or memoranda of individuals whose personal opinions may have reflected these views. There never has been an official Air Force report with this conclusion:

The Poquoson, Virginia sighting on 19 October 1959 was not reported to Langley Air Force Base or the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center. The statement that the Air Force queried a civilian UFO researcher is erroneous. This indirect form of interrogation is contrary to Air Force policy.

1


- page 12 -

Interview with Harold Moore, Jr.

On 19 October 1959, age 14, observed an unidentified flying object while on U.S. Government property located at 27 07 12N 76 00 18W. was interrogated on 23 May 1960, and offered the following information:

was in the company of at the time of sighting, located 150 yards from position. His attention was drawn to the object by the sound of firing by. It was a round object, was metallic, oval, and had an elliptical center - approximately 12 inches in diameter. Aluminum colored, with a black dome in the center. He could observe no trail or exhaust, but the grass around was "laid down" by some force. He heard no noise and could see the object clearly although it was about a mile away. The object was clear with no clouds or wind. The object was "stationary" and then gradually climbed "straight up" until it disappeared. A minute and then gradually climbed "straight up" until it disappeared. There was no scale motion or other indications of movement. stated that he was not concerned with the sighting and had not mentioned it to anyone else. In the stated, went home and told his mother and next morning she got all excited and called the newspaper.

It seemed that was attempting to coordinate the details given by his answers seemed identical to those given by. He stated that the diameter of the object was not large. He agrees with the fact that he was 150 yards from the object. It is doubtful that he could have seen a "black dome in the center of the object 12 inches in diameter at a distance of 150 yards. His explanations of the manner in which the object disappeared did not ring true and was obviously fabricated. Most questions were answered with "I don't know" with no further clarification. I was being completely fabricated by the two boys. The publicity brought about by the newspaper article made it necessary for them to prepare a pat story and then stick to it to preserve face.

Attachment Number 2


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

MCOIA                                                        SPECIAL MAY, HILL, AF/PS/30 MAR 61
                                                              DATE: 11SEP60

                                                              MAR 31 1960

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

    This is in response to your inquiry of 14 March 1960 in behalf of
Mr. [redacted] concerning certain unidentified flying objects
(UFO).

    The 7 February 1960 UFO sighting in the Midwest was not reported
to the United States Air Force and, therefore, the Air Force did not
analyze or evaluate this sighting. With regard to Mr. [redacted]
reference to the 1958 top secret report which he states officially
confirmed that UFO were "real, so much to report either, by mail
to assured Mr. [redacted] in his case the objects were another planet as to
another discoveries in his letter of 22 February 1960. Captaini Rupert
evidently referred to letters or memoranda of individuals whose
personal opinion may have reflected these views. There never has
been an official Air Force report with the conclusion Mr. [redacted]
indicates.

    The Poquoson, Virginia sighting on 10 October 1959 was not
reported to Langley Air Force Base or the Aerospace Technical Intelligence
Center (ATIC). The statement that the Air Force queried a civilian CPO
[Civilian Project Officer] named [redacted] is contrary to Air Force policy.

    The 1958 Washington, D.C. radar and visual sightings were analyzed to be a temporary radar sighting near 24 February
1959 American Air Lines pilot's sighting near Bradford, Pennsylvania.
The coordinates given correspond to a location on the New York-Pennsylvania border (near Bradford and Olean, New York) on
the route of American Air Lines Flight No. 41. On the same night, this
geographical area is bordered by the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania-Akron,
Ohio area. The American Air Lines pilot, Captain [redacted], indicated in his statement submitted to be Air Force by the
American Air Lines, Transportation, that sometime between three lights were identical to the belt in the constellation Orion.
The Air Force analysis of the pilot's report, a copy of which is attached, also suggested the
possibility that the night sky was visual atmospheric refraction or scintillation. Captain [redacted] has not been associated with the Air Force
and has no further statement to change or add to his story.


- page 14 -

Letter to [redacted], (Cont.)

Upon analysis and evaluation, this sighting turned out to be B-47 type aircraft, occasionally making night training flights. The American Air Lines pilot's report of the sighting was tentatively identified as the Air Force record. Three B-47 type aircraft also were more in the geographical area mentioned above to the night training operation. Control and warning Squadron at Claysburg, Pennsylvania, confirmed this fact.

The 11 July 1950 Pacific coast sightings resulted from a meteor. All aircraft saw the meteor at the same time and the direction was also constant.

There is no Air Force order or directive in existence which orders Air Force pilots to pursue UFOs. Air Defense Command will, of course, identify, and if unknown object appearing, on radar tracking equipment.

The Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Senate Government Operations Committee has indicated from time to time its interest in this subject. The Air Force has furnished this Committee all the information which was requested. After preliminary investigation, the Subcommittee stated that they do not intend to hold hearings. The Air Force feels that public hearings would merely give the Air Force an opportunity to which it is entitled. The sensation seekers and the publishers of scientific fiction would profit much from such hearings. However, the Congressional Committees are holding a cooperation to help solve this matter and should override considerations holding public hearing on this matter.

I trust this information will be helpful to you in advising.

Sincerely yours,

CARL M. NELSON
(Clearly USAF)
Long Inquiry Division
Dept. of the Air Force

[Rest of document includes references to various letters and dates, and a note about enclosures]


- page 15 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

10 May 1960

MEMORANDUM FOR MAJOR WRIGHT, SAIL

SUBJECT:  Reply to Congressman Hardy's UFO Inquiry

The following is recommended as basis for reply to Congressman Hardy:

"We have noted the contents of Mr. [redacted]'s letter of 19 April and are left with the impression that he believes the Air Force is censoring UFO information and denying to the American public data which should be available to them.

On the contrary, the Air Force policy is to provide the public with maximum information on this subject. When on occasion it is necessary to restrict release of information it is done only to protect the people involved from the idle curiosity of the sensation seekers, to keep from compromising our investigative processes or to prevent exposure of gaps or deficiencies in our defense system.

The Air Force does not deny that unknown objects have been seen by responsible people. It is in the interpretation of these sightings that we are questioned. From our investigations covering the past twelve-year period, the Air Force contends that when the evidence of these sightings has been sifted through the scientific criteria it has led to the conclusion that the objects were not space craft and they did not constitute a threat to the security of this country."


- page 16 -

In view of Mr. [redacted] affidavit attached to Mr. [redacted] letter we wished to obtain more information on the circumstances surrounding the Poquoson, Virginia sighting, thus the delay in answering you. We have since learned that the sighting was not reported to Langley Air Force Base by the participants involved in the sighting but individuals at the Base had knowledge of the sighting through telephone calls from Mr. [redacted]. These calls were in the nature of inquiries as to what action the Air Force was taking rather than for the purpose of reporting the sighting. Mr. [redacted] initial calls were made four days after the alleged UFO was sighted.

As a matter of information, the Air Force did not call Mr. [redacted]. According to the information we have, he instigated telephone calls to both individuals mentioned in his affidavit.

I sincerely hope this information will clarify to your satisfaction the circumstances surrounding this case.


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

1 UFO's                                                                SAFIL-TAG Wright/dal/12 May 60
                                                                        SAFIL-122601

                                                                        16 MAY 1960

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Reference is made to your further expression of interest to the Secretary of the Air Force of 21 April 1960 in behalf of Mr. [redacted] concerning the investigation of unidentified flying objects.

I regret the delay in the reply which was occasioned by our obtaining additional information from outside Air Force Headquarters.

In view of your further interest in this matter and the affidavit of Mr. [redacted] from the field, concerning the sighting at Powhatan, Virginia, sighting of 19 October 1959. Information received indicates that this sighting was not reported to Langley Air Force Base or the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center by the two teen-age boys who purportedly sighted the unidentified objects. It was, however, reported to Langley Air Force Base by telephone on 23 October 1959 by Mr. [redacted] and again on 23 November 1959 by Mr. [redacted].

This information is offered to clarify paragraph 3 of Colonel Carl M. Nelson's letter of 31 March 1960.

Mr. [redacted], a civilian unidentified flying object investigator, stated he was queried by the Air Force concerning this sighting. Recorded indication he queried the Air Force on this matter and he was advised that the information which he volunteered would be handled in accordance with Air Force Regulation 200-2, a copy of which is enclosed. Mr. [redacted] reported contained evidence to allow any valid conclusions and since the report was received approximately four days after the sighting, the urgency of the situation was considerably lessened. In accordance with the above-referenced directive, and since no new data in the area reported this sighting, the matter was dropped from further consideration.

The Air Force does not deny that unexplained objects have been seen by responsible people. It is in the interpretation of these sightings that we are questioned. From our investigations covering the past twelve-year period, the Air Force contends that when the evidence of these sightings had been evaluated against established scientific criteria it led to the conclusion that the objects were not space craft and did not constitute a threat to the security of this country.

COORD
CHRON-C
SAFOI
W/WRIGHT
X/7231


- page 18 -

Ltr to Honorable Porter Hardy, Jr. (Cont)

There has been no authenticated scientific evidence presented to or discovered by the Air Force to support the fact that unidentified flying objects can be considered remained or unmanned craft from outer space. No conclusive evidence to date would indicate that the Air Force on many occasions since April 1959 stating this belief.

Your interest in this matter is appreciated, and we trust the above information with be of assistance.

Sincerely yours,

M/R:
21 Apr - Ltr fr Rep to SAF with incls
28 Apr - Recd SAFL
29 Apr - Noted to SAFOIF
11 May - draft of reply fr Maj Tucker, SAFOIF
12 May - FL prep1d/Addl based on above draft
- 1st Ind 2002

Honorable Porter Hardy, Jr.
House of Representatives

THOMAS G. MUSGRAVE, JR.
Major General, USAF
Director of Legislative Liaison


- page 19 -

Norfolk, Virginia
November 23, 1959

Intelligence Officer
1506th Air Refueling Wing
Langley Air Force Base
Virginia

Dear Sir:

On October 19, 1959, two teen-age boys in Poquoson, Virginia, reported the sighting of an unidentified flying object. This sighting was reported to your office on October 23, by Mr. Watkins, of your office, contacted later, a Sgt. R. W. Watkins, for the information. A possible tactical IF. was discussed and asked for the information of the decision on whether to conduct an official Air Force investigation of the sighting would be made by your office at that time.

As of October 31, neither of the witnesses to this sighting had been questioned by Air Force authorities.

I would like to know if any subsequent action was taken by your office concerning the investigation of this sighting, officially, has any Langley-based officer or agency made an official investigation of this sighting or conducted interviews with either or the two witnesses? If so, when and what were the results of the investigation and/or interview? If not, is an official investigation or interview anticipated in the future?

If no further investigative action on this case is contemplated by the Air Force authorities concerning this case, what are the reasons for this inaction?

Also, is it not true that information concerning the subject of unidentified flying objects sighted in this area is maintained by the U. S. Air Force at Langley AFB?

Sincerely yours,


- page 20 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SAFLL-2/Maj Dolan/das/73376/D913/20 May
FILE: 155

Dear Mr. [redacted]

At your oral request, this office has further investigated the Pocquesn, Virginia unidentified flying object incident and the correspondence relative thereto which has passed between this office and Congressman Fandry. Attached is a copy of a letter which has just recently been sent to Congressman Hardy in reply to his further expression of interest to the Secretary of the Air Force on 21 April 1960.

As you are no doubt aware, the United States Air Force has responsibility for the investigation and analysis of unidentified flying objects over the United States of America and this responsibility is directly related to its responsibility to the defense of the United States. As you have been made aware by recent newspaper reports on the international U-2 incident, the defense of the United States against known enemies at any moment requires no small task and all of the resources and personnel are seriously committed thereto.

At the same time there are over one hundred private organizations interested in the UFO phenomena for commercial or other reasons. One of the greatest problems of Air Force Intelligence is the preliminary evaluation of sighting or false alarm or of flying objects which do not constitute a threat to the security of this country. In fact, in January 1953, a scientific advisory panel was established independent of the Air Force to evaluate the UFO phenomena, and it was the conclusion of the panel that, although there was no evidence that UFOs constituted a foreign development capable of being a direct physical threat to the United States, they did contribute a threat to the overly function of the protective units of the body politic because an unwarranted mass of irrelevant information could by vital channels of communication and continued false reports could hide indications of a genuine hostile attack. It is with these findings in mind that the authorities at Langley evaluated the report of Mr. [redacted].

With reference to Mr. [redacted] newspaper article attached hereto, you will note, as indicated in the newspaper article, that Mr. [redacted] is a self-appointed authority on unidentified flying objects and has, along with

SAFLL-2     SAFLL     SAFOI


- page 21 -

many others, considers himself entitled to be an unofficial advisor
to the USAF Intelligence community. Since he is not charged under
law with this responsibility, it would be entirely inappropriate and
even dangerous at times to exercise the Intelligence system in order
to give him an organization not entirely and willingly.

Please note further that the UFO detection devices featured in
the newspaper pictures of Mr. ████ appears to be nothing more than
a common doorbell connected to two dry cell batteries. He is
evidently of the opinion that such a device is capable of supplying
scientific proof that UFOs are flying objects that cause panic. The
the Air Force has been unable to secure evidence utilizing its
entire world-wide air defense radar network and the facilities of the
rest of the scientific community dealing with satellite tracking.

Should you or the Committee have any further interest in this
matter I would be pleased to arrange a briefing for you by an office
of the Air Technical Intelligence Center.

Sincerely yours,

M/R: See Mh dd 6 May (Maj Boland) for basis of this request during visit
to Hq.Sci.Com/final prep/wded per this req 20 May. This 1st based upon
SAFOL news releases and info furnished by SAFOL. Ltrs referred to be
Col Nelson and Gen. Musgrave were written by Maj Wright, SAFOL. Their
info furnished by draft by SAFOL dd 25 Mar. Their corres was inquiry by
Son Hardy.

Inclosures

[Redacted text at bottom of page]

House of Representatives

Page number "2" is visible at the bottom of the document.


- page 22 -

The 1952 Washington, D. C. sighting (radar and visual sightings) were due to an atmosphere inversion.

In regard to the 24 February 1959 American Air Lines pilot's sighting involving three aircraft near Bradford, Pennsylvania, the geographical area concerned is bordered on the north along the New York-Pennsylvania border (near Bradford and Olean, New York) on the route of American Air Lines Flight No. 139 departing Newark, New Jersey, at 7:10 p.m. and arriving Detroit, Michigan, at 10:52 p.m. On the south, this geographical area is bordered by the Pittsburg, Pennsylvania-Akron-Youngstown, Ohio area overflown by the United Airlines flights reporting this sighting.

The American Air Lines pilot, Captain [redacted], said in his statement submitted to the Air Force by the American Air Lines, Inc., "Sometimes the interval of the three lights were identical to the Belt in the constellation Orion." This was initially mentioned as a possible solution by the Air Force with the qualifying statement that the report was submitted but not yet been analyzed and that the findings of ATIC would be based upon a complete analysis and evaluation of the written report as submitted. The pilot's report (copy attached) also suggested the possibility that he might have witnessed a night serial refueling operation. Captain [redacted] has not contacted the Air Force since this statement to change or edit it in any way.

Upon analysis and evaluation, this sighting turned out to be B-47 type aircraft accomplishing night refueling from KC-97 tankers. The American Air Lines pilot's report of the sighting tentatively indicated this and Air Force records showed that three B-47 type aircraft were in

2


- page 23 -

Newport News, Virginia
November 1, 1959

Intelligence Officer
4505th Air Refueling Wing
Langley Air Force Base
Virginia

Dear Sir:

On October 23, 1959, I talked by telephone to a member
of Langley Group Operations, regarding an alleged sighting
of an unidentified flying object on October 19. Later in
the day, a Sgt. R. M. Merkling, of your office, contacted
me and asked for the information which I had obtained about
the sighting. He said that the decision on whether to conduct an official Air Force investigation of the sighting
would be made by other personnel there at the Base.

In a telephone conversation on October 30, a Maj. S. G.
Scull, of your office, could not inform as to what subsequent action your office has taken or plans to take in the
disposition of my information and/or the data contained in
the Daily Press news article of October 21. Should I assume
that no Air Force investigators will ever officially contact
the two observers involved in the incident of October 19?
Specifically, does any Langley-based officer or agency plan
to conduct an official interview with either of the two
boys within the next 30 days?

If no further investigative action on this case is
contemplated by the Air Force authorities concerned, will
you please tell me the reason for this decision?

Yours sincerely,

[Signature redacted]


- page 24 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCSI-6D  24-135-21

SUBJECT:

TO: SAFOI (Major L. F. Tacker)

1. The following is furnished for your information:

a. During the months of October and November 1959, several unsuccessful attempts to solicit information by telephone from various personnel at Langley Air Force Base, Virginia concerning an alleged Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) sighting which reportedly occurred in October 1959.

b. On 12 November 1959, Capt Wesley R. Williams, Information Services Officer (ISO), Langley Air Force Base advised that he had received a letter from [redacted] which requested that he be advised whether "any Langley-based officer or agent" planned to conduct an investigation into the alleged UFO sighting which had reportedly occurred in October 1959. Requested further that, if no further investigative action was contemplated by the Air Force, he be advised of the reason for the decision.

c. On 12 November 1959 a confidential source provided this Directorate with a copy of an incomplete document entitled "FROM WITHIN THE BLACKOUT: AN ANALYSIS OF SECRECY ON THE LOCAL UFO SCENE" by [redacted] Air Research Group".

2. Attached for your information is one copy of the above-cited document and one copy of letter from [redacted] dated 1 November 1959. The attachments are for your retention.

3. No investigation is being conducted of Subject by this Directorate.

F. L. WELCH
Assistant Chief
Counterintelligence Div.
Dir of Special Investigations
The Inspector General

2 Atchs
1 Ltr frm [redacted] dtd 1 Nov 59
2. Document by [redacted]

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 25 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFOSI-60  24-135-21

SUBJECT: [Redacted]

TO: AFOIN-4

1. Reference is made to letter, this Directorate, dated 12 November 1958, subject and file same as above.

2. During the months of October and November 1959, [redacted] made several unsuccessful attempts to solicit information by telephone from various personnel at Langley Air Force Base, Virginia concerning an alleged Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) sighting which reportedly occurred in October 1959.

3. On 12 November 1959, Captain Wesley R. Williams, Information Services Officer (ISO), Langley Air Force Base, advised that he had received a letter from [redacted], dated 1 November 1959, in which [redacted] requested that he be advised whether any Langley-based officer or agency planned to conduct an investigation into the alleged UFO sighting which had reportedly occurred in October 1959. Further requested that, if no further investigation action was contemplated by the Air Force, he be advised of the reason for the decision.

4. On 12 November 1959 a confidential source provided this Directorate with a copy of an incomplete document entitled "FROM WITHIN THE BLACKOUT: AN ANALYSIS OF SECRET ON THE LOCAL UFO SCENE" by the Chairman, the Air Research Group 2, attached for your information is one copy of this document, dated 1 November 1959.

5. No investigation is being conducted of Subject by this Directorate.

[Signature]
F. L. WELCH
Assistant Chief
Counterintelligence Div.
Dir of Special Investigations
Insp General

2 Attachs
1. Ltr to Intelligence Officer, 4505 Air Refueling Wg, 1 Nov 59
2. Document by FROM WITHIN THE BLACKOUT

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 26 -

Headquarters
United States Air Force
Norton Air Force Base
San Bernardino, California

Dear Sir:

On October 26, 1959, I talked by telephone to a member of Langley's Group Operations regarding an alleged sighting of an unidentified flying object. The caller was a contractor of the May Agency, working at Langley Field, Virginia, and asked for the information which would be used for an official Air Force investigation of the incident.

In telephone conversation on October 30, 1959, still of your office, could not inform me to what extent the information could be used. I am, therefore, sending the details of my information with the hope that the District Air Force Intelligence Officer will be able to conduct an official investigation.

I am taking no further action on this case. I am contemplating the future possible sightings, and will call your team for their decision.

Yours sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 27 -

The text I can clearly read on this document is:

CERTIFIED MAIL

There is a number on the certified mail label, but it is partially obscured and difficult to read completely. Some other text appears to be present on the document, but it is too blurry or faint to accurately transcribe.


- page 28 -

Partially legible text at the top of the document reads:

"HEADQUARTERS OF STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND"

The rest of the text is too blurry or faded to read clearly. The document appears to be a black and white page with a dark horizontal object or shape in the center of the page against a grainy, light background.


- page 29 -

The image appears to be a very poor quality, heavily degraded black and white document scan. Most of the text is completely illegible due to the extreme graininess, dark shadows on the left side, and overall low contrast of the image. I cannot make out any readable text from this document.


- page 30 -

Hampton, Virginia
September 1959

For parallel reading outside the bibliographic context of the accompanying appendices, the reader is advised to consult the September 1959 issue of Scientific American, an article written by Daniel S. Lachman, appearing in the September 1959 issue of Fate Magazine.

The writer out of his intention to keep periodic supplementary or other comments to the Day to Day Air Research Group publication.

As the culmination of over three years of intensive study and research involving the vast majority of the government's UFO information, this writer is more than a documentary critique of a single source. It is a basic point of departure for those interested in searching out the truth. Those who have over or underestimated the significance of the UFO problem will find this publication a relative starting point in the hope of the serious student that it will aid in the solution of this age-old mystery.

L. W. BRYANT


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

FIRST INDORSEMENT

Discovery Incident

In 1956, when I came across a light advertisement in a Kiwanis Club publication, I wrote to the advertiser who was located in Washington, D.C., who was interested in UFO's and who was well known to me.

I came across a light advertisement in a Kiwanis Club publication and wrote to the advertiser who was located in Washington, D.C., who was interested in UFO's and who was well known to me.

Having read the book, "Flying Saucers" by Keyhoe, I was impressed by the subject. Although I had no personal experience with the phenomenon, I was interested.

One such incident is the annals of the Nash-Fortenberry incident of 12 July 1952. This incident involved a flight crew of a Capital Airlines plane which sighted an object at 12,000 miles per hour. Says Flight Nash about this incident, "We were completely unidentified objects from outer space."

Six years after the Nash-Fortenberry incident, I was fortunate to learn another confirmed case. This was during the evening of 4 July 1958. Reported to the Air Materiel in July 1958 by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. In this case, the report was not to be publicly used in connection with the report. Therefore, I am not naming the principal.

Project Blue Book is the code name of the Air Force unit investigating UFO reports submitted in this area. It was formerly the National Scientific Foundation for Aeronautics.


- page 32 -

Following is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are faint or partially illegible due to the document's condition]

Following by this... William and Mary I... 
contract employment in the spring of 1957 then worked as a good sampling of
the spring of 1957 then worked as a good sampling of
researcher with the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) in
preparation with the 070 able to... (rest of line partially illegible)

(Several lines in the middle of the document are too faint or blurry to reliably transcribe)

Now that I... initially interested... by the National Investigating
civilian ecology... (some words are illegible)
tion Committee... (rest of paragraph partially obscured)

NICAP (non-profit group) is directed by R. Spencer and headquartered in 1956 con-
tinuing to... (last line partially illegible)

The document appears to be a typewritten page with significant degradation and shadowing, making complete OCR challenging.


- page 33 -

the geographical area mentioned above on a night refueling operation.

The 722d Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron at Claysburg, Pa. confirmed this fact. The position of the other two aircraft (United Airlines) and the times and distance involved supported this conclusion.

The 11 July 1959 Pacific ocean sightings resulted from a meteor. All aircraft saw the meteor at the same time and the direction was also constant.

There is no Air Force order or directive in existence which orders Air Force pilots to pursue UFOs. Air Defense Command will, of course, scramble aircraft to identify an unknown object on their radar tracking equipment.

The Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Senate Government Operations Committee has indicated from time to time its interest in the subject of UFOs, and we have furnished them all the information they have requested. After preliminary investigation, the Subcommittee Staff has indicated that they do not intend to have hearings and the Air Force feels that public hearings would merely give dignity to the subject out of all proportion to which it is entitled. The sensation seekers and the publishers of scientific fiction would profit most from such hearings, and in the long run we would not accomplish our objective of taking the aura of mystery out of UFOs. However, the Air Force stands ready to give its wholehearted cooperation to any Congressional Committee desirous of holding public hearings on this matter should overriding considerations require them.

Sincerely

Inclosure

Comback OI-51
Reader JI-1

3


- page 34 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with significant fading and low contrast, making much of the text difficult to read. While I can see that text is present, the quality of the scan means that only fragments of words and lines are clearly discernible. Large portions of the text are illegible due to the poor image quality. I cannot confidently reproduce the text without risking introducing errors.


- page 35 -

The image appears to be a very low-quality, grainy black and white scanned document. While some text is visible at the top of the page, most of the document is too blurry and faded to be legibly read with confidence. The few words I can partially make out are fragmentary and disconnected. Due to the poor image quality, I cannot provide a complete or accurate transcription of the text.


- page 36 -

PAGE TWO

In the summer of 1957 I conducted the attached investigation as a follow-up to a series of incidents which had occurred in this area. In this time we rather low key investigation was conducted to determine the nature of the reported sightings and to evaluate the credibility of the observers.

During my 1957 investigating program, I was fortunate to have had the cooperation of several key individuals who assisted me in gathering information. These individuals were working for me at least initially in a voluntary capacity. In the space of 20 days, I was able to interview a substantial number of witnesses and to collect a considerable amount of data.

Along with a few unconfirmed reports, the evidence...

[Note: Some text is partially obscured or illegible due to the image quality]

Footnotes/References:
* See Item (3) of Appendix to Part Two
* Refer to ARC Form 3A 014, "Statement of Police" (Incl. 53)
* See ARC Form 3A 015, "Membership Data Sheet" (Revised 11 Feb 59)
* For an analysis of the November 1959 see Incl. (12) of Appendix to Part Two


- page 37 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are partially illegible due to the image quality, so I will transcribe what I can clearly read]

[First paragraph is mostly illegible]

...just taken old... ...from an observation post the...

[Middle paragraphs are partially readable with some words clear]

...suddenly within a trace the spotter did not call in a report...

...logging of a report certainly would have been necessary...

Are the UFO's interplanetary vehicles originating from a cosmic unknown to us? Earthlings! Are they here to observe? Many private researchers to the objects say "Yes". Some say "No". I think they have the answers to those most pertinent questions. Many indications are that the [rest of paragraph is difficult to read]

...thoughts back in late 1957. The question in my mind was not...

A sample copy of AFR 200-2 is available upon request to the Office of Public Information, Department of the Air Force, Washington 25, D.C.

[Bottom of page has a note about AFR 200-2 being available]


- page 38 -

My first briefing at the base was in January 1959. On the 6th of the month, I was told by the publisher of the Langley Air Force Base newspaper that a copy of the document could not be published by the newspaper. I did not learn the reason for this at the time.

At a later date, I was informed that the paper had been stopped from publishing the document by higher headquarters. I was told that a regulation could not be back-dated or reclassified. So I did not learn the reason for the non-publication.

I invited the publisher to discuss a copy of the document. He declined, stating that he was not authorized to discuss the matter. I then asked to see the document, and he explained that he was not permitted to show me the document.

Therefore, I was prepared to suggest that the Air Material Command personnel be contacted to confirm data that the Air Material Group could take action on the document. I was told that the publication was not wanted.

At the start of the last minute interview, Captain Cunningham showed me a copy of the document. He showed interest in the case and wanted to take down comparisons from the document, but he would not let me keep a copy. His attitude was based upon the fact that the regulation was used to be classified, and he felt that the document should be kept in the category of top official use only.


- page 39 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with significant blurring and darkness on the left side, making some text difficult to read. I will transcribe the text that is legible:

[Left margin text is mostly illegible]

[Middle and right portions of the document have partially readable text, including:]

"...the beginning to pin anything on him and his..."

"...changed its way being..."

"...of his objects..."

"...contrary to Air Force..."

"...the security aspect of the Air Force..."

"...involved this way later date..."

"...dated on January 22, 1958, that the AF Maj..."

"...on the UFO incident..."

[Large portions of the text are blurry or illegible due to the poor quality of the scan]

The document appears to be a report or communication related to a UFO incident, but the details are not clearly discernible due to the image quality.


- page 40 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[The text is partially obscured and faded, making some parts difficult to read. I will transcribe what I can clearly see:]

Because of the Olsenberger incident, I was now convinced that two blackouts were not coincidental. Citing Air Force policy, I was able to get a lengthy letter - the California and in the Navy Press - to the Washington Daily News.

I have always believed that to informed public control tubes to the strength of a nation. Freedom of information, this is the theme of the letter. As a student of the Olsenberger's action, I find in this George Washington's quote a form of military security as an end in itself, intolerant of military security as an end in itself.

Needless to say, the letter was never published. But later I arrived to copy Sir Hilary's report, which in the main, was a verbatim copy of my letter to the White House. So Roosevelt, in public press, was using the public press, using the material that could be molded into features article on the fly news news that could be molded into features article on the fly.

[The rest of the text becomes increasingly illegible or cut off at the edges of the page]

The bottom of the page appears to have a partial line that reads: "grown of 10 Portugese residents is trying to get the..."

The document appears to be a typewritten page with significant fading and image degradation.


- page 41 -

Some text is illegible due to the poor scan quality. Here is the text I can confidently read:

[Partial text at top of document]
...informed of the Secretary of the Air Force...
...daily press...

[Mid-document text]
May 1957 in Suffolk and Norfolk by a thorough investigation was made of the objects involved was a thorough investigation...

[Bottom of document text]
When informed of the Air Force's response to Mr. Kal...
...enquiry, was curious to know why of this observation...

The document appears to be a typewritten report with significant portions obscured or blurred, making complete OCR challenging. The text fragments suggest it relates to a UFO investigation from May 1957 in Suffolk and Norfolk.


- page 42 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with text that is somewhat faded and difficult to read in parts. While I can see text on the page, the image quality makes complete OCR challenging. I can make out some partial words and phrases, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text without potentially introducing errors. The document seems to be a typewritten report with multiple paragraphs, but the specifics are obscured by the image quality.


- page 43 -

The image appears to be a very faded and low-quality scanned document. While some text is partially visible, much of it is too blurry and illegible to accurately transcribe. The few words that can be partially made out include fragments like "cover", "pentagon", and some other disconnected words, but a complete and accurate OCR transcription is not possible due to the poor image quality.


- page 44 -

FROM POQUOSON TO WASHINGTON: THE UFO SIGHTING OF
19 OCTOBER 1959

Compiled by
The Air Research Group
Newport News, Virginia

ARG FORM
34.024

1 NOV 69                                                                 PFD


- page 45 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top of document appears to have some header text that is partially illegible]

To show further the effectiveness of AFR 200-2, in connection with Air Defense Command Regulation 55-14, a summary of investigation has been made with the 714th AC&W Group.

UFO - Unidentified Flying Object - In the town I was stationed at Langley AFB, Va., during the period of June 1, 1958 to January 22, 1959, I was assigned to the 714th AC&W Group. Such a reporting for example is the case of a UFO sighting which was reported to the 714th AC&W Group on or about 15 June 1958. At the expense of the person making the report, a letter was dispatched to ATIC.

It was determined that this investigation was merely a standard light beam. Since the officer was particularly familiar with Langley AFB, Col. R. H. Haupt of Conventional Intelligence, Langley AFB, was contacted.

Spike and its P.I.O. were authorized by AFR 200-2 to make such investigation. Both the exact location of the searchlight and the site of the reported sighting were known. A check was made to determine the number of searchlight beams used that night. I could do no more than refer to the Project Blue Book Register and Langley Blue Book participant by regard to 10 cases which I had previously investigated.

I, I showed the number of sighted sightings logged and referred to Langley during April 10 was referred to in accordance with AFR 200-2. A telephone conversation with Capt. Oldenburg on April 28 that since my inquiry was not considered of sufficient importance to warrant further investigation, he was authorized to release such information which might be of interest to the public.

From June 1, 1958 to January 22, 1959, I became only aware of one series of sightings to and from Langley. A series of sightings to and from the Air Force and the United States Continental Command Center was noted. This was an initial ground for civilian inquiries.


- page 46 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

(1) [Partially legible, first line not fully clear]

(2) KEYHOS, Donald E. [Rest of text partially obscured]
    (July 1957) [Partially legible]

(3) KEYHOS, Donald E. [Rest of text partially obscured]

(4) KEYHOS, Donald E. [Rest of text partially obscured]
    Roberts, Aide to Air Intelligence [Partially legible]

At the bottom right corner, there appears to be a notation "N-23"

Much of the document is very faint and difficult to read with certainty. Large portions of the text are illegible due to poor image quality and dark/light variations across the page.


- page 47 -

Here is the text from the document:

PAGE FIVE

[Top of page partially cut off, some text is illegible]

In May 1958, a request was made to a publication...

[Several lines of text are partially obscured and difficult to read completely]

The U.S. Continental Army Command and its major subordinate commands within the United States, about 100 key posts and stations, over 1,500,000 Army personnel, over 1 million Army Reserve members, receive directing directives and regulations and employment of certain Army establishments.

Part of Headquarters' function is to prepare and distribute publications, to include Army regulations, field manuals, technical manuals, and other publications. The Headquarters consists of an official section with the Commanding General, Chief of Staff, and other staff sections of Merchantile, and employment advertising section.

On September 22, 1958, I inserted an unofficial notice in the local press in that they were interested in improving contact with the Research Group. Two days later I received a reply from the Public Information Office of the U.S. Continental Army Command, ordering officers of the Command, Detachment A, 1st Battle Group, to report to the G-2 office for questioning.

When I arrived for the interview, I was met by the Chief of Staff, G-2 Group Operations, Mr. [name partially illegible], Robinson, the soldier was...

[Bottom of page is partially cut off]


- page 48 -

The text is partially legible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. Here is the text I can make out:

[First paragraph is mostly illegible, with only fragments of words visible]

"...the New Age Group acted as a forum and meeting place for those seeking..."

[Middle paragraphs are partially legible, with some words and phrases clear]

"...principles which sound the alarm of dictatorship of principles..."

"...political and economic actions..."

[Last paragraph is more clear]

"The Contactist is an identified member of the New Age Group active, who holds a point of meeting within the universal brotherhood of all humanity. He wants to share their hope of greater understanding of the people of space, and his hope of the period of earth's transition to the cosmic front of the world..."

[Bottom of page shows a notation "H-126"]

Some sections of the text are too blurry or faded to read with certainty.


- page 49 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are quite faint and may have minor OCR inaccuracies]

At the bottom of the page, there is a page number "14-25" handwritten.

The document appears to be a typewritten report with some sections that are difficult to read due to image quality. The text discusses what seems to be a UFO-related investigation or report, with references to dates in September and interviews or communications.

Would you like me to attempt to transcribe the text more precisely, acknowledging that some words may be uncertain due to the image's low contrast?


- page 50 -

HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT SHOOTS AT SAUCER

Pequoson, Virginia, has some one of the most exciting stories to go with it! 15-year-old Jr. of Pequoson claims that the UFO appeared in the sky at dusk last October 28th. Viewed for a minute or less at an altitude of about 100 feet over the land. The object was four feet in diameter and had a black body encircled by a silver rim about six inches wide.

I stood petrified for several seconds and then raised my 16-gauge shotgun and poured two blasts into it. I know I hit it both times, but nothing happened. So I loaded my gun with shell which had a little more lead in it and shot it again as it disappeared. The incident took place just after sundown while I was exploring near their home.

(Nov. 1958, a friendly greeting for our Space Visitors, isn't it! - Editor.)


- page 51 -

On October 21, 1959, the Newport News Daily Press carried a story about the sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object in Poquoson, Virginia, on October 19. Authentic UFO sightings in the Tidewater area are not uncommon; in fact, a few have attracted national attention. Of course, most reported sightings are explainable in terms of conventional phenomena, but according to current Air Force figures there remains a small percentage that stubbornly defies all known explanation. Perhaps the Poquoson case should be included in the "unknown" category.

The Daily Press report included a photograph of the principal observer, 15-year-old Mark Muza, who was shown pointing to his sketch of what he had witnessed. With him at the time was another resident of the area, Harold Moore. It was Harold Moore, the newspaper of the case.

Investigating for the Air Research Group and NICAP, Larry Bryant immediately arrived at an interview with Muza at the boy's home on the evening of this 21st. The objective of this preliminary meeting was to determine (1) the authenticity of the sightings; (2) whether any AF investigators had become involved; and (3) whether the Daily Press write-up corresponded with the actual facts. Bryant was impressed with the teen-ager's sincerity and could use no obvious motive for fabrication. Throughout the 25-minute discussion, Mark Muza coolly answered sharp questions that would have flustered almost any young hoaxster. Completely ignorant was he of the Adamski saucer and all the other "nonessential" allegations. He told Bryant that he had not been contacted by the AF. Muza agreed to fill out the NICAP and ARG report forms and mail them as soon as possible.

With the receipt of the signed forms, Bryant again visited Poquoson to talk with both boys. This time, in the afternoon of October 31, he brought a camera. As no surprise sighting occurred, he noted that the exact spot of UFO activity was about a mile east of the Muza home, which itself was from five to eight miles east of Langley Air Force Base.

The remote terrain that was a temporary haven for the UFO known as the "Big Marsh" but for two trespassing young hunters, this expansive, ugly lowland would have been a choice medium for concealing the covings of a flying saucer. It is practically inaccessible except with a four-wheel drive. Bryant did not attempt the ill trek to the scene of action. Instead, he took a few pictures from various angles of the marsh. One of these shows an old wooden sign planted loosely in the mud of the foreground several yards away. It reads


- page 52 -

Here is the text from the document:

(2)

Something like this: "Warning--Danger Area, Bombing Range. Live Ammunition and Bombs. Warranted for Trespassing: 10,000 or Ten-Years!" Impingement or both. "Our question is this: What person in his right mind would willingly become involved in a saucer hoax at the risk of such a penalty?"

The following is a run-down of the observational data Bryant assimilated from the two interviews:

TIME AND DURATION OF SIGHTING:
6:15 p.m., for 1½ minutes.

SIZE AND SHAPE:
Circular; about four feet in diameter.

COLOR AND COMPOSITION:
A dark center encompassed by a six-inch-wide silvery rim glowing brightly as if self-illuminated; appeared metallic but had no insignia.

SOUND AND SPEED:
Gave Muza the impression of a tornado's winds being broadcast via TV; vertical departing speed was too fast to estimate.

DIRECTION OF TRAVEL AND MANEUVER PATTERN:
Hovered directly above Muza's head; no arrival or departure trajectory was noticed by either observer; while stationary and in its descent, it dipped from side to side. *

* This "falling-leaf" or pendulum type of motion is a clearer characteristic of the more publicized "unknown". Keyhoe, on page 139 of his paperback edition of "Flying Saucers from Outer Space", reports that Project Blue Book's investigator, Fred Beckley, recommended that the disc displayed a cluster to be analyzed by ATIC. It is not known whether this was ever done. In any of our readers would like to pursue this matter, which, we refer than to the fine Michel book on "Northwesterly", pages 21, 35, 37, 62, 81, 96, 126, 167, 174, 192, 195, 215, 236. Also useful is the June, 1952, Oscillation case described on page 47 of Keyhoe's latest book, Flying Saucers: Top Secret.


- page 53 -

ATTITUDE OF UFO AND CONDITION OF WEATHER:
From about 55 to 80 feet; visibility unlimited, with no wind or clouds.

What distinguishes the Poquoson sighting from the rather routine cases reported during the past 13 years is that actual physical contact with the object was made. Muza, his 12-gauge shotgun when he heard it. At first he thought the sound was coming from a flock of wild birds, but then glanced up to see this thing gently coming down-right toward his head. This frightened him, and he did what anyone with a load of "4 Ghost" would have done: he fired at it, only to hear the ring of metal striking metal.

At the 55-feet level, the object stopped in time to receive another blast of "Maximum 4's"; for his third and final shot, Muza used a steel bearing. After hearing the clear hit of the slug, Muza wiped his brow in relief. When he looked up again the target was gone.

Now here is where the confirming evidence of Moore comes in. He first noticed the object upon hearing the shooting. For about a minute he witnessed the bizarre attack. He not only heard the hits of all three shots, but also the "whirring noise, which went on during the entire episode. Immediately after the third shot, Moore saw the UFO spinning like a toy top. It went out of sight in seconds.

NICAP, upon being apprised of Larry Bryant's investigation, Secretary Richard Hall, wrote us on November 4: "Sightings have been very heavy in recent months, and it is interesting to note that a few of them are beginning to cease back onto themselves. Probably because of the obvious nature of the objects reported--clear, well-confirmed sightings. The Muza case fits the general pattern of very low, close approaches. There was a near-landing case in Washington, D.C., Sept. 7 with resulting markings on the ground. We're having analyses made."

Another novel aspect of the Poquoson incident is the treatment given it by the local AF investigator to date. To this date, no AF investigator has ever attempted to interview the two principals. Why? True to the methods of his earlier research, Bryant launched chat inquiry by telephoning the Langley Base Operations Office on October 23. A Sgt. Lacy


- page 54 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(4)

responded by notifying the Intelligence Office of the
4505th Air Force Wing, Set. H. M. Herring, of that
unit returned Bryant's call and, admitting knowledge of the
Daily Press account, asked Bryant for any further details.
After Bryant had called Herling in answering a direct
question, said that the decision on whether to conduct an
official AF investigation would be made by other personnel
there at the base.

On October 20, as follow up, Bryant telephoned the
4505th, talked with Maj. S. G. Scull, and asked to know
the disposition of the case. Scull wasn't too cooperative.
He asserted that the AF "can't start an investigation on
hearsay evidence"; he tried to change the subject when his
caller referred to the on-the-record account published by
the Daily Press. Bryant was finally advised that his questions must be submitted through established information
channels.

Bryant's next effort in this conflict of desires was a
telephone call to the home of Intelligence Technician Merkling, on October 21. Asked whether an AF investigation had
begun, Merkling passed the buck by saying that this was
"government business" and that all inquiries had to be addressed to his superior, who was a colonel. He made no
further comment when Bryant asked him the reason for "all
the silence."

Entering the established information channels, Bryant
sent on November 1 a Certified mail letter to the 4505th's
Intelligence Office, the colonel. Thereafter, days later
through another follow-up, he was told by the Langley Public
Information Office that his inquiry was being handled in
accordance within-you seemed it---AFR 200-2.

Larry Maccubbin, Bryant's ufology colleague in Norfolk, was notified of the Poguoson saga on October 24. In
previous high-social stance, Maccubbin subsequently became
the congressional UFO bandwagon.

His series of letters and replies began on March 14,
1960, with his inquiry to the Hon. Porter Hardy, Jr., who
happens to be a member of the House armed Services Committee. Maccubbin complained that except for the call that Sgt. Hawkins made on October 23 to Bryant, he was known no interest
in the sighting.

Congressman Hardy sent the complaint through channels


- page 55 -

