PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13 Jul 59

2. LOCATION
Brazil

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local    GMT
14/0110Z Jul 59

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual    ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual       ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Unknown

6. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
not given

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj had a typical protuberance in the central part like a top of green lights, separated from a nucleus with light. In each arm, totaling 20 point of green light. The obj also centered around, colored jet at its extremity. Twice as large as Venus.

11. COMMENTS
Insufficient data. Translation of Brazilian newspaper clipping.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

(ATIC FORM 329 REV 28 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

FAB recebera relatorio
sobre «Discos Voadores»

RIO, 15 (TP) - Os astronomos Mario Dias Ferreira e Luiz Eduardo da Silva Machado, bem como o capitao Rilo Vaz da Escola Tecnica do Exercito, estao elaborando um relatorio para enviar a Forca Aerea Brasileira, relatando minuciosamente o fenomeno que presenciaram na noite de segunda-feira.

O objeto luminoso, que os moradores disseram que viram tambem o "disco", foi observado na localidade de Itaobim, do Observatorio da Universidade de Valenca, pelos astronomos Vitor Jesus e Odirnon Moraes, pelo professor Luiz Eduardo da Silva Machado e pelo servente Mario Vasconcelos da Veiros bairros da cidade.

[The rest of the text continues but becomes partially illegible at the bottom of the page]

The document appears to be a Portuguese language newspaper article about a UFO sighting, discussing astronomers and military personnel preparing a report about a "flying disc" or "flying saucer" observed in Brazil.


- page 2 -

THE AIR FORCE WILL RECEIVE A REPORT ON THE "FLYING DISK"

Rio, 15 (TP) The astronomers and Captain Sirio Vaz of the Technical School of the Army, are working up a report to send to the Brazilian Air Force, relating in detail the phenomenon which they witnessed on Monday night.

The luminous object which moved across the Carioca (Rio de Janeiro) sky was observed also at the Observatory of Valongo by the soldiers and the Military Police, and by the orderly. From various districts of the city dwellers said that they also saw the "disk".

THE LUMINOUS OBJECT

The astronomer and professor of the National Faculty of Philosophy, declared for our reporting, as follows:

The object presented itself in the field of the binocular with the aspect of a disk with a conical protuberance in the central part and a set of green lights, separated, forming optically a cross with six lights in each arm, totalling 24 points of green light. The object could not, by its characteristics and movement, be confounded with any known celestial body.

The astronomer told us that the cupola of the object had a metallic aspect and the set of green lights was similar to the illumination of the masts of ships. The "disk" also emitted an orange-colored jet from its extremity, giving the impression to the naked eye that it was divided into two parts.

The astronomers were unanimous in affirming that the object would be at a distance of at least more than 30 kilometers from the earth.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

ASTRONOMOS DO RIO
VIRAM DISCO-VOADOR

Pela primeira vez no mundo o estranho fenômeno é avaliado por um observatório — Astronomos atualmente é possível ver um engano — Era duas vezes maior que o planeta Vênus e pode ser visto a olho nu

RIO, 14 (M) — Três astrônomos do observatório da Universidade às 22:30 da trajetória de um disco voador que, segundo eles, era duas vezes maior que o planeta Vênus, afirmam categoricamente ter visto o estranho fenômeno. Os astrônomos que presenciaram o fato e o confirmaram foram o professor Luís Eduardo, da Faculdade Nacional de Filosofia, que aterrissou na Escola Técnica do Exército, e os capitães Sírio Vaz, da Escola

(Rest of text is partially cut off or illegible)

The headline translates to: "Rio Astronomers Saw Flying Saucer"

The subheadline suggests this is the first time in the world such a phenomenon has been evaluated by an observatory, and that the object was twice the size of the planet Venus and visible to the naked eye.


- page 4 -

ASTRONOMERS OF RIO SAW FLYING DISK

For the first time in the world the strange phenomenon is seen by an Observatory. Astronomers guarantee that at mistake would be impossible.

It was twice as large as the planet Venus and could be seen by the naked eye.

Rio, 14 (M) Three astronomers of the Observatory of the University of Brazil yesterday accompanied through Observ[illegible] from 10:10 to 10:30 p.m. the trajectory of a flying disk at the elevation of the Alta constellation moving toward the austral triangle and the Southern Cross until it was lost in the haze of the horizon. The public statement was made by Professor Luis Eduardo of the National Faculty of Philosophy, and he was added that the astronomers and Captain of the Technical School of the Army supported him.

CONVICTION

"I have no doubt whatever but that it was a flying disk," said Professor [illegible]. "We are used to making these observations and we would not confound the apparatus with any celestial body, balloon, sonde, or interplanetary rocket."

Very excited, the professor said that the disk traversed 130 degrees in 27 minutes, but he was not able to calculate the linear velocity because at that hour their measuring instruments had been put away.

TO THE NAKED EYE

After confirming Luis's declarations, Captain Sirio added that the flying disk could be seen by the naked eye and that its size was twice that of the planet Venus which appears in the evening. Its green light was steady and not twinkling like that of the stars.

O V E R


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

which
The apparatus was also seen through a telescope by soldiers of the guard
of the observatory, projected almost vertically upward a reddish light,
approximately about one fifth of its size.

OFFICIAL OBSERVATION

The press gives prominent place to the announcement of this strange
phenomenon. It is worth emphasizing that this is the first time in
the world that a flying disk has been seen by an observatory. However,
the speed with which it traversed the trajectory did not allow for the
taking of pictures. No rotational movement was observed in it—only
a translation (forward) movement.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

lado Wilson Vargas - mas o
povo compreenderá nossas di-
ficuldades e confiará que nos-
sos esforços serão, afinal, co-
roados de exito".

NO CEARÁ

DISCOS VOADORES
FORAM AVISTADOS

RIO, 22 (T. P.) Noticias de
Fortaleza anunciam que dis-
cos voadores foram vistos so-
bre a capital cearense. O che-
fe do pessoal, que trabalha na
torre de controle do aeroporto
Pinto Martins, falando à im-
prensa, declarou que um dos
seus auxiliares, durante o tem-
po parado sobre a torre, avis-
tou o objeto voador que não
podia ser confundido com qual-
quer outro fenômeno. Outras
pessoas na cidade viram o obje-
to e confirmaram a estranha
aparição do fenômeno. O co-
mando da base aérea do Cea-
rá foi notificado sobre o apa-
recimento. Informações vários
aviadores confirmaram o aparecimento
de discos voadores sobre os

The text appears to be in Portuguese and discusses flying saucers/UFOs being sighted in Fortaleza, Brazil.


- page 7 -

In Ceara

FLYING DISKS WERE SEEN

Rio, 22 (T. P.) Dispatches from Fortaleza announce that "flying disks" were seen over the Ceara capital. The chief of the personnel who work in the control tower of the Muniz airport, Pingo Martins, in speaking to the press declares that one of the "disk" hovered for a long time over the airport and that the flying object could not be confounded with a comet or other astronomical phenomenon. Different persons in the city saw the object and confirmed the strange appearance of he phenomenon.

The commander of the air base of Ceara was notified about the strange appearance. It is said that several pilots confirm the appearance of the "flying disks" over the skies of Fortaleza.


- page 8 -

