There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, providing details about an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 18 Aug 59
2. LOCATION: Terre Haute, Indiana
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2305/18, Aug 59
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. SOURCE RELIABILITY: G
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 0.5 min
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: SE-NW
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Obj sighted at zenith of its angular path. Height estimated 120,000 ft. At the time of the observation a missile was being fired which was probably detected, the object was extremely bright, angular path was 30 degrees, angular velocity was very rapid and the object disappeared near a point on the horizon.
11. COMMENTS: Info is very limited, however ATIC investigation indicates that the observation probably refers to an aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) about a reported sighting of an unidentified flying object over Terre Haute, Indiana on March 9, 1961.

The text of the document is as follows:

NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
GODDARD SPACE FLIGHT CENTER 
GREENBELT, MARYLAND

March 9, 1961

Theoretical Division
3719 Concesville Road
Silver Spring, Maryland

Mr. [Redacted]
Terre Haute, Indiana

Dear Mr. [Redacted],

The object which you describe was apparently traveling at an angular velocity much that of its apparent which was about 1 mile per second at a height of 120,000 feet or perhaps 120,000 miles per hour at a height of 120,000 feet or 28 miles, which is a reasonable height for a meteor.

As a satellite on the other hand at this height would be moving only about 15,000 miles per hour, the same would be true for objects of the type which you described.

If it were a meteor, then it is interesting that you should have heard a noise. Ordinarily, noises could not be propagated to distances such as 24 miles at an altitude of 120,000 feet, and a meteor should have been a silent one. 

On the other hand, objects of the type which you seem to be describing, occasionally described as "like that of crying" have been reported previously, see for example Minirriger's book "Out of the Sky's Peace 52." If you observed the object overhead, it might be worthwhile recording--perhaps by a brief letter to some journal.

Sincerely yours,

John A. O'Keefe
Assistant Chief
Theoretical Division

JAO:jcr

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph, only a scanned document. The document describes an observation of a meteor-like object on August 18, 1959. The key details provided in the document are:

Dear Sir:
I have been advised by an expert that an observation carried on in August 18,1959 of a meteor like object may be worthwhile recording.
At 19h 10m G.C.T., on the above date, an object was sighted at the zenith of its angular flight. The calculated apparent velocity was 120,000 miles per hour and a height of 120,000 feet. At the same time of the observation a noise was heard which would resemble frying.The object was shell like in shape and traveled directly over LAT. 39° 28' 00" and LONG. 87° 25' 00" South - East to North - West. No trail or impact noise flash was detected.
The observation was witnessed.
Sincerely
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the American Association for the Advancement of Science to a recipient, responding to their letter describing an observed object of unknown origin. The letter states that the recipient should write their observations not to the Association, but to the United States Air Force, Section of Unidentified Flying Objects, Washington, D.C.

SCIENCE AMERICAN ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF SCIENCE 1515 MASSACHUSETTS AVENUE, N.W., WASHINGTON 5, D.C. 
22 March 1961

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Thank you for your letter of March 14 in which you describe seeing an object of unknown origin. As you know, there are a good many reports of this kind and we are not the proper agency to which you should write. We suggest that you write not to us but to the United States Air Force, Section of Unidentified Flying Objects, Washington, D.C.

I am accordingly returning your letter.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

Enclosure

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text of the document is as follows:

24 April 1961

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

This is in reply to your recent letter concerning an observation you described which occurred August 18, 1959.  

The Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center furnishes the following explanation following a study of the situation reported by you:

ATIC states that the information furnished was very limited; however, the Center agrees with the conclusion offered by MASA that the object observed was probably a bolide. Bolides are bright objects seen in the sky which are extremely bright enough to observe two bolides.  

It is ATIC's opinion that the meteor observed by the witness was oversize. The light source that was reportedly observed was probably brightness enough to give an effect similar to a bolide as reported. As a result of the 75° angle, the true velocity of the meteor as calculated for the elliptical path was approximately 4 to 5 times that of the 25 to 30 seconds (as miles) and the true velocity normal to the elliptic of 10.45 km (6.5 miles) per second. This gives the overall relative velocity of the meteor which was 19.95 km (9.33 miles) per second. Unless the meteor entered the atmosphere parallel to the tangent at the witness' location, the observer would have seen a firmer duration than reported by the witness.

It is concluded that the meteor thus viewed was moving at a much slower velocity than that reported by the witness.

Since there was no report of the duration of this sighting, it was estimated that the object of observation probably only lasted for 9011 m (5,650 miles) at an extreme velocity of 8 km (5 miles) per second. This means the observation would have taken 18.3 minutes to complete this flight (Canadian Royal Astronomical Society, Volume Seven, Page 163). Slow acceleration to the terminal velocity would have extended that time.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO sightings.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

Meteors such as that reported by you ionize at approximately 35 to 45 miles (72 miles as reported). The damages, however, occur only at the fringes, fireball have not turned away by 60 to 80 feet (37.5 miles). This is reported by you seems to indicate a flight of 60,000 feet. The observed probably was not a meteor but light reflecting off an unknown phenomenon at a high altitude. The absence of a trail, which would have appeared as smoke in the daytime, is not unusual, especially for such extremely high altitude phenomena.

Since the sighting reported by you probably lasted a relatively long time (6 minutes) it is possible that the witness shortenly after the meteor disappeared from sight. Experiencing such a sight is rather startling and it is possible that the witness was unable to recall the time lag between the sighting and the occurrence of sound.

I would like to recommend that you contact Dr. ________, who is conducting extensive study on meteors of the fireball class.

__________________, Pennsylvania

I hope you will find the above helpful.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this document. The document appears to be a typed report from the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, United States Air Force, regarding a UFO sighting.

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO 
ATTN: 072

AFCIN-4B

SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING

TO: SAFOI-3d (L/Col Tracker)

1. References:
a. Letter to Mr. from NASA, dated 9 March 1961 explaining the possible cause of an unidentified flying object on 19 August 1959.
b. Letter to Science, AAAS from Mr. dated 14 March 1961 outlining general information concerning his sighting of an unidentified flying object on 19 August 1959.
c. Letter to Mr. from Science AAAS, dated 22 March 1961 suggesting that Mr. report his sighting to the United States Air Force.

2. The information concerning Mr. sighting, reference b, is very limited. however, AAAS advised that the conclusion of 19 August 1959 was probably that of a bolide. Besides these very brief meteors which are seen or heard to explode.

3. Very little data was provided concerning Mr. sighting, and that which is provided is very technical in nature. The witness is of the opinion that the object was approximately 750 to the plane of the elliptic. This angle would be necessary to give the observed 22 to 24 sec as reported by Mr. As a result of the 75° angle the true velocity of the meteor (in miles) per second, and the true velocity normal to the elliptic was 13.75 m (5.7 miles) per second. The angular velocity of the object observed was 2.7° (4.7 miles) per second. Furthermore, based on the reported direction and estimated path time, the relative velocity of the meteor was 14.95 Km (9.33 miles) per second. While the witnesses location the apparent velocity would be further reduced by the cosine of the angle between the tangent line and the meteor's real path. It is concluded that the meteor moved at a much slower velocity than that computed for the relative velocity.

4. Action message did not report the duration of his experience, but long duration of lights have been recorded. The longest recorded flight in that of a meteor which lasted for 90.1 (59.9 miles) at an average velocity of 10.m (5 miles) per second. This meteor would have taken 13.8 minutes to complete this flight (Journal Royal Astronomical Society).

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically a report regarding a sighting of glowing meteors or fireballs observed in the Terre Haute, Indiana area.

The text in the document reads as follows:

Canada, Vol 7, page 195 (1913). Glowing meteors such as that observed by the witness are not uncommon. Those less bright in luminosity (37,38,39 meteor cells) and only the biggest, slowest moving fireballs have not turned away by 60 miles, seem to fall into the bright fireball class and probably continued to a much lower altitude. The distance of 37-39,000 feet), which would have appeared as smoke in the sky, is not unusual for such a roll. 

5. Since Mr. ____ sighting probably lasted a relatively long time, it is possible that the sound reached him shortly after the meteor disappeared. The characteristic sound might be delayed such a slight if other conditions were such as to retard the sound for a short interval of time in between the sighting and the occurrence of sound.

6. It is suggested that Mr. _____ who is conducting extensive studies on meteors of the fireball class, be forwarded the address of Dr. Lincoln LaPaz, Director of the Institute of Meteoritics.

7. The addresses of Dr. _____ and Mr. _____ are as follows:

For the Commander:

BILLIE C. EVANS
Deputy for Damage and Components

1. Atch:
1. Fax cy ltr H, 9 Mar 61
2. Fax cy ltr to science, 14 Mar 61
3. Fax cy ltr fr Science, 22 Mar 61

- page 8 -

