PROJECT 1073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
August 59

2. LOCATION
Coeburn, Va.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2000
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1/4

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
three

9. COURSE
1/4

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Three objs about twice as bright as the largest star on a clear night. Objs rose steadily - did not disappear during sighting. Objs changed colors & were about the size of a dime.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Photo analysis determined that the spots on the film were "air balls" & the wing image is either poor develop, the technique or cigarette smoke. Story fabricated. Writer indicates 100.00 reward being offered for pictures of UFO. Obviously hoax.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was home at repair of flying objects there a small 
ago and I was trying to get a picture of one if 
it came.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            e. South            g. West
b. Northeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest
c. East             d. Southeast

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
g. North            c. East             g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        h. Northwest
                    e. South            f. Southwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East             g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        h. Northwest
                    e. South            f. Southwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon 16 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.


- page 3 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? none but the Air Force

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? Flying Saucer


- page 4 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   (No)

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) (Yes)   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 3000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Virginia
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present job? High school student
Age 19   Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
    (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 23   December   1968
                                         Day    Month     Year

Page 8


- page 5 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME:                                                                                (Do Not Write In This Space)
CODE:

SIGNATURE:
DATE: 23 of December, 1959

On a clear night in August of 1959 my mother and I were on the top of the hill behind the school house in Coeburn, Virginia from about 8:00 p.m. to about 10:30 p.m. When we first got there we parked and I got out of the car and looked around the sky. I saw a few stars and there was no moon. At about 8:30 p.m. I saw a large object come up over Sheeprock Mountain followed in a few seconds by two more of the objects. They moving at very slow speed. The objects were about twice as bright as the largest star on a clear night. They rose steadily and began to follow the top of the mountain ridge. At one time the two of the objects got below the mountain on my side of the mountain. Then they went back to join the other object and traveled on down the mountain ridge. As I have already said, I left the scene before they were completely out of sight. I took the picture at about 9:00 p.m. when the objects were altogether over the top of the mountain. I used a Japanese


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 10

made 35 mm. camera (Kalimar A ) and regular black and white film. I did not
use any flash or telephoto lens or any kind of special equipment. When I got
the roll of films back from the developer I found that a print had not
been made of the negative so I had an enlargement made of it and discovered
that the objects had come out on it. So I reported it to the Air Force.

The photographer who did the enlargement for me said that the Air Force
was supposed to pay me at least $100 for the picture and negative any
Unidentified Flying Object that was sent to them. I hope this is true.

Thank You,

[The signature is redacted/blacked out]


- page 7 -

90°
Zenith

180°
S

135
SE

90
E

225
SW

270
W

315
NW

45
NE

0°
N


- page 8 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-1E2

SUBJECT: Photograph of UFO                                     22 January 1960

TO: AFCIN-4D4

Request analysis of attached negative. The photograph was taken at 2100 in August 1959, at _______ facing toward the southwest. Camera used was a Japanese 35mm (Kalimar A) with regular black and white film.

[Signature]
RICHARD R. SHOOP
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4E2

1 Atch:
Negative

1st Ind (AFCIN-4D4a)
TO: AFCIN-432                                                 4 February 1960

1. It would be of assistance in determining the causes of these images if more conclusive information concerning the circumstances under which the photograph was taken had been included.

2. The image is real. We don't know what it is, but it looks suspicious; like an out-of-focus photograph of streamers of cigarette smoke.

[Signature]
WARREN PRICE, JR.
Chief
AFCIN-4D4

1 Atch
n/c


- page 9 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATIN OF: AFOIN-452

SUBJECT: UFO Photograph - Coeburn, Va. (    )                 10 FEB 1960

TO: SAFOI-3d (Major L. J. Tacker)

1. The attached negative was forwarded to ATIC by Mr.           Mr.           claims the photograph is that of an unidentified flying object and was taken by him in Coeburn, Va. during August 1959.

2. ATIC analysis of the film is that the spots are "air bells" and that the wavy image is either out-of-focus characteristic smoke, or due to poor developing technique. Air bells result from bubbles forming around the film during developing and preventing small areas from being reached by the developer.

3. Mr.           stated in his letter that he has been informed that the Air Force pays $100,000 for photographs of UFO's. This is, of course, not true, and it is suggested that this information be included in your reply.

4. The address of the witness is:
Mr.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

1 Atch
Negative


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

S I-34/Ma] Tucker/mnb/T2-91

15 February 1960

Dear [redacted]

I am returning herewith the negative you forwarded recently to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center taken at Coburn, Virginia in August 1959.

The Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center analysis of the film is that the spots are "air bells" and that the wispy image is either out-of-focus cigarette smoke, or due to poor developing technique. Air bells result from bubbles forming around the film during developing and preventing small areas from being reached by the developer.

For your information, the Air Force does not pay for photographs of UFO's.

Sincerely,

Enclosure

LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Comeback OI-34
Reader OI-1


- page 11 -

August 1959 Coeburn, Virginia


- page 12 -

Air Technical Intelligence Center
c/o United States Air Force
Dayton, Ohio

I have a very interesting photograph that I took in Coeburn, Virginia
last summer. I just recently had it developed and an enlargement made of it.
It has some very interesting objects on it. I believe them to be UFO's as there
were many seen in this area of the country last summer and as far as I know
they are still being seen. There are three of them on the photograph, one of
which is very large. I also know that there was a check made of them during the
summer of 1959 by Secret Service agents. I also know that SAC dropped some
strips of aluminum over the area in 1959 to jam the Navy's radar station on
Black Mountain near Coeburn.

If you are interested in the photograph please let me know as soon
possible! I think that with further processing this photo would be very
valuable to your files.

Yours truly,
[Redacted name]
Phone # [Redacted]


- page 13 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFOIN-AE46

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Nr

11 DEC 1959

TO: SAFOI-3A (Major L. J. Tacker)

1. It is suggested that Mr. be informed that ATIC is interested
in receiving the print and negative of the photograph mentioned in his
letter.

2. It is also suggested that Mr. supply us with the following
information: time of day the photograph was taken, direction cameras
were pointed, plus all identifying features of the camera and lens. In
addition, please forward Mr. a questionnaire.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
GEORGE S. SMITH
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

1 Atch:
Cy Itr, no date, fr
1st Ind


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAFOI-3A, aj Tucker/mnb/7229l

21 December 1959

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your recent letter addressed to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, concerning a photograph in your possession.

The Air Force is very much interested in receiving this print and negative which you indicate may be an Unidentified Flying Object.

When you forward the photograph, please fill out the enclosed questionnaire and in addition provide us with the following information: time of day that photograph was taken, direction camera was pointed, plus all identifying features of the camera and lens.

Sincerely,

Enclosure

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Richmond 29, Virginia


- page 15 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
August 1959

2. Time of day: 8:30 50 Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Personal address details are redacted]
City or Town: Coeburn
State or Country: Virginia
Additional remarks: [partially illegible text]

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: Hours Minutes 2 Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight
d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other: extremely bright

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: Shepherd Mountain

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound ___________
b. Color changed from red to green, light and then all over white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects). Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Three hand-drawn circles with directional arrows]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
             b. Like a bright star
             c. Sharply outlined
             d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? three
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Three hand-drawn circles with directional arrows]


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
60 feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects, held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
j. Basketball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? left across the sky at alt

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

I can't know of anything which would give the same appearance as what I saw. It's effect was at least twice the brightness of a large star in a clear night.


- page 19 -

