PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
15 May 59 & 18 Jul 59

2. LOCATION
Worthington, Pennsylvania

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
16/2700Z Jul 59

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. GMT
16/2330 Min 59

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1.5 min 2-10 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One each time

9. COURSE
[No text in this field]

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Observer read book on UFO's & decided to try his sightings. Idea was that obj flew in length to North at about 50 mph at 45° elev. Second sighting, obj was in sight for 10 mins & went fm East to NE at about 50 mph. This obj clear until directly overhead where it stopped, hovered for 3 mins & then resumed flight. Shaped like large disk 100 ft in diameter, no noise associated w/ obj, reddish blue in color.

11. COMMENTS
Sent questionnaire for further data & no answer received. Case considered as insufficient data rather than unresolvable age.

12. CONCLUSIONS
[All checkboxes are unchecked]


- page 1 -

Feb. 28, 1960

Dear Sirs,

The following is a report of a UFO that I have sighted twice in the last two years. The first time was during the middle of last summer and the previous was on the 15th of March.

I have made a small list of the things that happened during the sightings and the conditions of the sky at the times of the sightings.

The time of the first sighting was about two o'clock in the morning, the day was about July the 18th, the sighting lasted for about ten minutes. It was of course from east to northeast at a speed of about 50 miles per hour. It flew out of the east until it was almost directly over head then it stopped and hovered for about three minutes then it turned and went off to the nw. It had the shape of a large dish about 100 feet in diameter, no noise, reddish blue in color, the sky at the time of the sighting was very clear. There was a moon on the night if that could be of any help.

The second sighting was about on the same order except that it occurred at six-thirty in the evening. This sighting lasted for about five minutes and it flew out of the south to the north directly at a speed of about 50 miles per hour at about 45 degrees above the horizon.

The first time I reported the sighting to the family but I was told to forget it and I did, but after the second sighting I thought that I might see what someone like you would think about it ( I read the book U.F.O.'s ). I am interested in science and when I told anyone that I know my experience they would often laugh and call me a fool or a story teller. What do you think of my story.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted name]
Worthington, Pa.

[Handwritten notes at bottom: "not enough info" and a signature]


- page 2 -

SAFOI-34/Maj Tucker/mno/72294

23 March 1950

Dear Mr.

This is to acknowledge your letter of 23 March regarding the two sightings of unidentified flying objects.

Your letter does not contain sufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, request you complete the attached Air Force Questionnaire in regard to the sightings and forward the completed paper to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, for analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

Enclosure

LAWRENCE J. TUCKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Worthington, Pennsylvania

Comeback 01-34
Pedlar 01-1


- page 3 -

