PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
Sep 26, 59

2. LOCATION
Maple Heights, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 1900
GMT 14/4662

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒Ground-Visual ☐Ground-Radar
☐Air-Visual ☐Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐Yes
☒No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
one min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Brilliant translucent obj, light thin in color in through rays of low sun was passing thru white or silver obj. Motion - lost. Fog shaped.

11. COMMENTS
Probably the reflection of the sun in a high cloud.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐Was Balloon
☐Probably Balloon
☐Possibly Balloon
☐Was Aircraft
☐Probably Aircraft
☐Possibly Aircraft
☐Was Astronomical
☐Probably Astronomical
☐Possibly Astronomical
☒Other - Reflection
☐Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 24 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

Crossing in from
a dark sky light

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

little or no wind

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
25 15 9 1959
Day Month Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 (Please list their names and addresses):
Robert McCulloch 1623 W. Turney St. Maple Heights, O.
Children & families in question

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other one?
[blank lines]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Tell it was probably a weather balloon, yet it seemed to be at such a distance as I make it too large for balloon - also the fact that it remained in the same relatively steady indicated it had little or no motion (size not changed)


- page 2 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? None m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 50,000 feet, or possibly much more.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS Maple Heights 37 Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
What is your present job? Central Freight Foreman Agent - Southern Ry. Co.
Age 40   Sex Male

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school ✓
b. High school ✓
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. e. Technical school (Type) Custom
f. Other special training Selected college subjects - traffic etc. ✓

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 10 '59
Based on original report of 9/15/59

Page 8


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 10/9/59

Handwritten narrative:
Had brilliant object about 1/2 of pin head (large than white) called to attention at approximately 7:00 PM while finishing dinner. When viewed through telescope (500") it appeared about the size of a thin colored pen, was motionless, egg-shaped, was on left & bottom (O) one of radially lines. Also black lens area hot spots - however, this was later considered imperfections in the telescope. Object viewed in new light eventually covered by dark clouds (4 layers of gray) & moving clouds, which moved off the hazy on line. Object may have been solid, however, due to low color & the sun was sending light through it. Object viewed for about 15 minutes.


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can see in the image:

90° Zenith

The image appears to be a diagram showing a spherical projection with compass directions (N, NE, E, SE, S, SW, W, NW) and elevation angles from the horizon (0°, 30°, 60°). The bottom of the image shows a stylized landscape or horizon line with various directional markers.


- page 5 -

Maple Heights, Ohio
September 15, 1959

SUBJECT: U.F.O. Sighting - Area: Cleveland, O. - September 14, 1959

U.F.O. Project Officer
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

Following is a report of a U.F.O. sighting made at approximately 19 hundred hours, September 14, 1959.

LOCATION: West of Maple Heights, O. - estimated to be considerably in excess of ten miles distance.

HEIGHT: Probably 50,000 feet or more.

SIZE: Slightly larger and brighter than North Star when viewed with the naked eye.

MOVEMENT: None (from viewing position) Observed for ten to fifteen minutes until obscured by dark clouds in western sky.

OBSERVATIONS WITH 50 POWER TELESCOPE:
SHAPE: Elliptical (vertical) 20 percent off perfect circle.

COLOR: Light tan, believed to be reflecting color of setting sun as though through the object. Appearance is that of sun's rays passing through a white or silver translucent object.

HEAT INDICATIONS: Object gave off dancing heat waves to distance of about 10 percent of its size.

CONCLUSION: Object could be a huge weather balloon if inflated with very warm air or gases of sufficient temperature to cause heat waves in cold upper atmosphere.

[Signed]
Arthur L. Sewell


- page 6 -

SAFIS-34/     Tacker/mbb/T2291

28 September 1959

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is to acknowledge your letter of 14 September 1959 concerning an Unidentified Flying Object you sighted recently near Maple Heights, Ohio.

Your letter contained insufficient data to allow a valid conclusion. Therefore request you complete the attached Air Force questionnaire in regard to this sighting and forward the completed paper to the Air Force Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, for analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

Enclosure

Mr. [redacted]
Maple Heights, Ohio

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Comeback IS-34
Reader IS-1


- page 7 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
14   9   59
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 7 _____ Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other _______

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Maple Heights   Ohio
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

Additional remarks: Viewed by people from 13-14 looking pl.

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
Hours _____ Minutes 15 Seconds _____

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight   d. Just a trace of daylight
               b. Dull daylight     e. No trace of daylight
               c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
               b. In back of you    e. Overhead
               c. To your right -20°   f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)


- page 8 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other - Brilliant, brighter than star

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
[Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   (No)
b. Sun glasses   Yes   (No)
c. Windshield   Yes   (No)
d. Window glass   Yes   (No)

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   (No)
h. Other


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound Noise
b. Color Light thin - see through - sort of low - varying then white or silvery

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

No markings -
No movement

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Motionless in telescope sighted on tripod. -

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
(Filled in: 20', approx.)

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length:
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
g. Silver dollar
b. Pea
h. Baseball
c. Dime
i. Grapefruit
d. Nickel
j. Basketball
e. Quarter
k. Other
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Seemed to drift slowly toward horizon of shadow with limited as curve.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A translucent egg - easily fragmented top & bottom. Could not determine if object was solid or liquid. Seemed to have some color of sun, limited to area of object. Seemed to have color & light wave coming from the rear of passing thru object.

Page 4 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Thru house noticed it blue to billboard & called me to come.
I'll bring my car in tonight.

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____45-50° degrees.
b. From horizon ____18° degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees.
b. From horizon ______ degrees.


- page 12 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 13 -

