PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
3 Mar 59

2. LOCATION
Stockton, Calif.

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
GMT 01/0130-0200Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes ☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
SW

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj shape of boomerang of solid, smooth form w/projections, dirtywhite in color. Outline of obj clearly definable against deep blue sky.

11. COMMENTS
Obj presents appearance of balloon, slow flight w/metallic color reflecting sun's rays tends to substantiate this conclusion.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☒ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other...
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOURTH AIR FORCE
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
HAMILTON AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA

INT

SUBJECT: Unidentifiable Object

TO: Commander
    Air Technical Intelligence Center
    Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Transmitted is our informational copy of the 115th CTC
    Group report on 'Unidentifiable Object in the Sky, Vicinity of
    Stockton, California', dated 6 March 1959.

2. Tins-delay precluded electrical transmission.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
ALDEN D. JACOBSON
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence
Branch

1 Incl
A/3


- page 2 -

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

Region I, 115th CIO Group, Oakland 12, California

Date: 9 March 1959

Subject: Unidentifiable Object in the Sky, Vicinity of Stockton, California

1. On 4 March 1959, Mrs. [redacted], housewife, [redacted] years of age, student, with residence in Stockton, California, Stockton; sources of unknown reliability, reported the following:

On 3 March 1959, at approximately 1730 to 1800 hours, a strange unidentifiable object was sighted in the sky. The object was deep blue, boomerang in shape, of solid, smooth form with projections. The object and its outline was clearly and sanely definable. The general vicinity in the area of the sighting was clear of clouds, very stable, or very clear type of phenomenon, caution or man-made. The sky was deep blue, broken only by form and color of the object. The altitude and direction of travel of the object appeared to be southwest, from east to southwest. The object was viewed for approximately 10 minutes by two sources.

2. On 4 March 1959, [redacted], an ex-US Army Airforce pilot during World War II, with approximately 2500 hours flying time, who is a Civil Engineer and Vice President of [redacted] and Son, Engineering Contractors, Stockton, California, with residence in Stockton, a source of unknown reliability, reported the following:

On 3 March 1959, at approximately 1745 hours, course arrived at his home from work. Upon his arrival, an unidentifiable object at an altitude of 25000 feet or more above the earth's surface. The position of the object was north-northeast of source's house. Source's line of sight to the object was in angle of approximately 40 degrees from the earth's surface. Source is of the impression that the object was approximately five times the size of a US letter J-52 aircraft. It was dirty and in color and appeared to resemble nothing previously observed by source on land, sea, or in the air. Its outline was clearly defined and could not, in source's opinion, have been composed of non-rigid or gaseous material. It appeared to source to be a long, observable unidentifiable object with a tapered upswept toward one end. The color and form of the object could not have been confused with cloud(s), vapor trails made by speeding aircraft or high altitude, or any other phenomena, natural or otherwise.

Source could not estimate the speed of the object due to the somewhat distant observation. The object was viewed for approximately three minutes. The sun, just beginning to set on the western horizon, was definitely reflected by the object in a manner often observed for flying objects. The sky above and behind the object was deep blue, causing the object to stand out in form and outline in clear relief. Source has never previously observed anything in the sky which could not be identified. He is certain in his mind that the object was not the result of an illusion based upon any phenomenon known to him.

DA FORM 568 (formerly AGO FORM 11)                REC


- page 3 -

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

Region I, 115th CIC Group, Oakland 12, California                                    4 March 1959

Subject: Unidentifiable Object in the Sky, Vicinity of Stockton, California

1. On 4 March 1959, Mrs. [redacted], housewife, [redacted] years of age, student, with residence in Stockton, California, reported the following: On 3 March 1959, at approximately 1730 to 1800 hours, a strange unidentifiable object was sighted in the sky. The object was white in color, with projections. The object and its outline was clearly and smoothly definable. The general vicinity in the area of the sighting was clear of clouds, very stable, or very close to overhanging or low-surface. The sky was deep blue, broken only by the form and color of the object. The altitude and direction of travel of the object, apparent to the observer, from east to west. Two objects were sighted approximately 1/2 block apart by two sources.

2. On 4 March 1959, an ex-US Army Airforce pilot during World War II, with approximately 2500 hours flying time, who is a Civil Engineer and Vice President of [redacted] California, with some 20 years of engineering experience, a source of unknown reliability, reported the following: On 3 March 1959, at approximately 1705 hours, Source arrived at his home from work. Upon his arrival, he observed an unidentifiable object at an altitude of 25000 feet or more above the earth's surface. The position of the object was north-northwest of course's house. Source's line of sight to the object was at an angle of approximately 40 degrees from the earth's surface. Source has the impression that the object was approximately five times the size of a US Airforce B-52 aircraft. It was dirty white in color and appeared in form to resemble a long, narrow, observed white body in the sky. In his opinion, it was clearly defined and could not, in Source's opinion, have been composed of non-rigid or gaseous material. It appeared to Source to be a long, otherwise unidentifiable object with a tapered upward one end. The color and form of the object could not have been confused with a clone(s), vapor trails made by speeding aircraft.

At high altitude, or any other phenomenon, natural or otherwise, known to Source. Source is of the impression, impeccably in a westerly direction. Source could not estimate the speed of the object due to the great distance between the object and his point of observation. Source viewed the object for approximately three minutes. The sun, just beginning to set on the western horizon, was definitely reflected by the object in a manner often observed. Source is not certain whether a solid object is the sky. The sky above and behind the object was deep blue, causing the object to stand out in form and outline in clear relief. Source has never previously observed anything in the sky which could not be identified. He is certain in his mind that the object was not the result of an illusion based upon any phenomenon known to him.

DA FORM 568                                                                         RAC


- page 4 -

