PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
10 Aug 59

2. LOCATION
Trenton, New Jersey

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local     20/0252 Aug 59
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual    ☐ Ground-Radar
☒ Air-Visual      ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
50 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1 into 5

9. COURSE
NE

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Elongated light, vertical in form, larger than any star, grew smaller before disappearing. One-life no color white/wind-green near perimeter changing, to light orange at the center. Originally one, changing into five objs, which seemed to merge as they disappeared.

11. COMMENTS
Insufficient data.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☒ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
NEW YORK AIR DEFENSE SECTOR
United States Air Force
McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: OIN

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. The following report of unidentified flying objects is submitted for consideration and required action:

a. Description of objects:

(1) Shape: elongated light, vertical in form.

(2) Size: Larger than any star in the vicinity. Observer stated that it was the size of a hardball at first, then diminished in size to a pea at arms length before disappearing.

(3) Color: Star-like in color with a bluish-green around the perimeter changing to light orange at the center.

(4) Number: Originally one, changing to five objects later, which seemed to merge as they disappeared.

(5) Formation: No particular formation. Five objects were grouped roughly in a circle.

(6) Features or details: None.

(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust: None.

(8) Sound: None.

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: None.

b. Description of course of objects:

(1) Unusual brilliance and shape of light first called it to attention of observers.

(2) Low on horizon to southeast of observer.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

(3) Northeast of observer higher than when first observed.

(4) Object(s) traveled 2 or 3 minutes then turn ninety degrees for a short time, then return to original course. Object did this approximately 8 to 10 times in the first 25 minutes of observation.

(5) Objects disappeared gradually to the northeast, with the five objects appearing to merge before finally disappearing.

(6) 50 minutes.

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground-visual.
(2) No optical aids used.
(3) N/A

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) 20/0052 August. 1945 EST
(2) Night.

e. Location of observer [redacted]

f. Identification information on observer:
(1) Civilian; [redacted]
(2) Observer was at one time an engineer in B-24 aircraft, and served with the 2d Electronic Experimental Squadron.

g. Weather and winds aloft condition at time and place of sighting:
(1) Night, clear, no clouds, full moon, good visibility.
(2) [Wind speed/direction data listed]

2


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

(3) Ceiling unlimited, clear skies.
(4) Visibility 12 miles.
(5) Cloud cover - 1/10 cirrus.
(6) No thunderstorms in the area.

h. No unusual activity which might account for the sighting.

i. Senior Director, New York Air Defense Sector, had Surveillance Section check all radar returns from the area in question to determine whether they could correlate the sighting with a radar return. Nega-tive results. No intercept action taken.

j. Considerable commercial air traffic in this area at all times.

k. Prepared by Major William H. Greenhalgh, Jr., 33799A, Chief, Intelligence Division, Headquarters, New York Air Defense Sector. All efforts have been made to correlate this sighting with weather ballons, Navy blimp operations out of Lakehurst NAS, or other operations which might have accounted for the lights. No correlation was possible, and no cause is known or estimated by the reporting officer.

1. Negative.

2. This report was delayed because Mr. [redacted], the observer, departed on vacation shortly after reporting the sighting, and we were unable to contact him until his return.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

Karl W. Fischer
1st Lt. USAF
Asst. Dir. of Admin. Services

3


- page 4 -

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-4D48

SUBJECT: UFO Report

18 SEP 1959

TO: Headquarters, New York Air Defense Sector
     ATTN: OIN
     McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey

1. Reference your letter, dated 10 September 1959, subject: "Report of Unidentified Flying Objects". Source states objects traveled two or three minutes, apparently to the north, then turned 90 degrees for a short time, then returned to the original course. Source also states objects did this eight to ten times in the first 25 minutes. What type of turn did the objects perform, and in what direction was each turn performed? What was the elevation of the objects above surrounding terrain? Was the object observed continuously without a break for the full 50 minutes? In what part of Trenton was source located?

2. Request any other pertinent information relative to this sighting, not already reported, be included in your report.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
NICHOLAS POST
Acting, Deputy for Sciences
and Components


- page 5 -

Ltr, Air Tech Intel Center (AFCIN-4848), 13 Sep 59, "UFO Report"
1st Ind (OIN)
Hq New York ADS, McGuire AFB, NJ

TO: Air Technical Intelligence Center (AFCIN-4848), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference questions in paragraph 1 of basic letter, the following information is submitted:

a. Objects performed abrupt ninety degree change in direction. Observer cannot recall sequence or direction of each turn.

b. Objects were described as being low on the horizon when first observed, and as disappearing into the northeast, also low towards the horizon. Observer estimated the altitude of the object as being approximately 60,000 feet but had no firm basis for this estimate.

c. Except for a short period of time when the observer was placing a call to this headquarters, he observed the object continuously for 50 minutes. He placed the call after observing the object for 25 minutes.

d. Observer is located in the northern part of Trenton.

2. All available information was forwarded with the original report. Respectfully suggest that direct contact with [redacted] might be more productive if additional information is required.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

Karl W. Fischer
1st Lt, USAF
Asst. Dir. of Admin. Services

2


- page 6 -

