Here is the text I can read from the document:

STAFF STUDY - 28 September 1959

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASI/ASHA-A(1)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

7-346 - 569
1003829

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 1 -

UFO STATISTICS FOR CALENDAR YEARS 1956, 1957, 1958

                1 Jan - 31 Dec   1 Jan - 31 Dec   1 Jan - 21 Dec   TOTAL    %
Astro           205    26.3       326    27.7      137    23.4      728    26.50

Aircraft        192    21.6       286    24.2      110    18.6      588    23.60

Balloons        203    26.0       209    17.7       60    11.5      490    19.12

Insufficient    139    14.1       146    14.4      104    17.6      382    14.96

Other            52     6.8       168    14.3       55    16.1      215    12.23

Satellites        -      -         11     1.7        9     1.5       11     0.44

Unidentified     17     2.2        20     1.7        5     0.9       42     1.46

                778           1178           590           2546


- page 2 -

LEGEND
Cong Requests —
Reports —
Analysis —
Information Result-
ing from Reports —

FLOW CHART
(CURRENT)

Boxes/Nodes in the flow chart:
- CONGRESS
- CIVIL ORGANIZATIONS
- SAPOL
- SAPIL
- GENERAL PUBLIC
- FOREIGN SOURCES
- AFOIN
- ATIC
- PROJECT CONSULTANT
- OTHER GOVT AGENCIES
- USAF ORGANIZATIONS
- OTHER GOVT SCIENTIFIC & TECH AGENCIES
- ABC (ASC) (ADDED) A50

The flow chart shows various connections and information flows between different organizations and entities.


- page 3 -

LEGEND
Cong Requests -----
Reports -----
Analysis -----
Information Result-
ing from Coordination -----

UFO PROJECT
FLOW CHART
(PROPOSED)

The flow chart shows connections between various organizations such as:
- Congress
- SAPOL
- AFCIN
- 4FCC HQ ADDC
- SAPOI
- ACID
- Civil Organizations
- General Public
- USAF Organizations
- Other Gov't Scientific & Tech Agencies
- Project Consultant
- Other Gov't Agencies

Handwritten notes in the margin: "AF56" and "ASD"


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
AIR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Andrews Air Force Base
Washington 25, D.C.

5 FEB 1960

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: RDRRC

SUBJECT: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

TO: HQ USAF (AFCIN)
Wash 25, D.C.

1. Reference is made to your letter of 7 December 1959 as cited
above, and to our interim reply of 23 December 1959.

2. Our review of the USAF Aerial Phenomena Program including the
ATIC Study, has been completed. We find that more than half of the
program relates to phenomena of a non-scientific nature. The remaining
portion, while possessing associated with scientific processes, does not
include qualitative data and is therefore of limited scientific value.
Considering the quality of data available from other sources, exploration
of the aerial phenomena observations would not significantly enhance our
research programs.

3. For the reason stated above, I do not believe that the transfer of
the USAF Aerial Phenomena Program to ARD is in the best interest of
the Air Force.

[Signature]
JAMES FERGUSON
Major General, USAF
Vice Commander

Copy to:
AFCRC


- page 5 -

SUBJECT: (V) Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

TO: Lt Gen Bernard A. Schriever
Air Research-Development Command
Andrews AFB
Washington 25, D.C.

1. Reference Air Force Regulation Nr 200-2, subject, "Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)," dated 14 September 1959.

2. In 1947 the USAF assumed responsibility for a program of investigation and analysis of unidentified flying objects over the United States. This program was designed to determine if these phenomena represented a threat to our national security.

3. As inception the program was directed toward determining first, if these phenomena were hostile, and second, had any possible scientific value. A tertiary objective was to determine the nature of each of these reported objects.

4. With the passage of time there has been no indication that these phenomena were hostile or posed a threat to the security of the United States. After review of the twelve year record of the UFO program it is clear that the program has developed along lines progressively more toward intelligence intelligence. However during the life of the project there have been indications of possible scientific value. Our experience with this program indicates exploitation may be desirable in the following scientific and/or technical areas:

a. Slow moving and erratic meteors. f. Radar.
b. Fireballs. g. Static electricity.
c. Space vehicles (general). h. Meteorology.
d. Missiles. i. Upper air physics.

4. It is my opinion that any future value to the Air Force lies in exploitation of these phenomena for scientific purposes rather than as an intelligence function. With your concurrence I propose to initiate action to transfer the aerial phenomena program which now involves three full-time USAF personnel and one scientific consultant.

COORDINATION

AFCIN-464                   DATE 1 Dec 59
AFCIN-4E                    DATE 12 Dec 59
AFCIN-4                     DATE


- page 6 -

AFCIN-4,

(u) Transmittal of Letter

AFCIN (Major General Walsh)

The attached letter is forwarded for your approval and signature.

1 Atch
Letter to ANDC


- page 7 -

SUBJECT: (u) Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

TO:   Lt Gen Bernard A. Schriever
       Air Research-Development Command
       Andrews AFB
       Washington 25, D.C.

1. Reference Air Force Regulation Nr 200-2, Subject, "Unidentified
Flying Objects (UFO)," dated 14 September 1959.

2. In 1947 the USAF assumed responsibility for a program of
investigation and analysis of unidentified flying objects over
the United States. This program was designed to determine if
these phenomena represented a threat to our national security.
At its inception the program was directed toward determining
first, if these phenomena were hostile, and second, had any
possible scientific value. A tertiary objective was to determine
the nature of each of these reported objects.

3. With the passage of time there has been no indication that
these phenomena were hostile or posed a threat to the security
of the United States. After review of the twelve year record of
the UFO program it is clear that the program has developed along
lines progressively more remote from intelligence interests.
However during the life of the project there have been indications
of possible scientific value. Our experience with this program
indicates exploitation may be desirable in the following scientific
and/or technical areas:

   a. Slow moving and erratic meteors.   e. Radar.
   b. Fireballs.                        f. Static electricity.
   c. Space vehicles (general).          g. Meteorology.
   d. Missiles.                          h. Upper air physics.

4. It is my opinion that any future value to the Air Force lies in
exploitation of these phenomena for scientific purposes rather than
as an intelligence function. With your concurrence I propose to
initiate action to transfer the aerial phenomena program which now
involves three full-time USAF personnel and one scientific consultant
to such agency within your command that you may deem appropriate.


- page 8 -

REFERRAL NOTICE

SUBJECT (or identification): (Incl) Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program
DATE: 7 March 1960
SUSPEND DATE: None

FROM: Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, PIA

TO: [Multiple AFCIN columns with various designations, with AFCIN-4 marked]

TYPE OF ACTION: [Various columns for action types]

COMMENTS:
1. The attached letter from Hq, ATDC, dtd 5 Feb 60, subject as above, is forwarded for your information and continuing appropriate action.

2. ATDC has concluded that it is not in the best interests of the USAF for ATDC to assume responsibility for the USAF Aerial Phenomena Program.

Signed by:
AARON J. BOGGS
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-PIA

1 Atch
Itr ATDC 5 Feb 60
Trans USAF Aerial Phenom Prog

AFHQ FORM 0-86 (PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM ARE OBSOLETE)


- page 9 -

DRAFT                                                                  20 September 1959

SUBJECT: UFO Program
TO:    AFCIN (General Walsh)

1. Since 1947 the Air Force, and more specifically the ATIC, has been responsible for a program designed to determine if unidentified flying objects were a national threat or had any scientific value. This program at its inception was designed to determine if UFO's were hostile, and had any possible scientific value. A tertiary objective was to determine the nature of each of these objects. With the passage of time the absence of positive indication that these objects were hostile or had any scientific value, and the coming of the UFOites the third objective began to take on more stature. Today this objective has grown to such an extent that we are fast reaching the point where the tail may wag the dog. This is a possible great danger to the Air Force prestige and certainly a danger to the intelligence community.

2. The attached study offers as a solution transfer of the UFO project to ARDC with aims toward eventual complete elimination as a special project. I concur with the views outlined in the study that such a move would be beneficial to both the intelligence community and to the UFO program. Disassociation with intelligence would do much to strip the aura of mystery from the UFO program, and the same disassociation would eliminate a project from intelligence which is more or less open to public inspection.

3. It is suggested that the attached study be approved and forwarded to the Air Force Chief of Staff with a recommendation for consideration and possible implementation.

CHARLES E. DOUGHER
Major General, USAF
AFCIN-4

1 Atch:
Study by AFCIN-4/4
28 Sep 59


- page 10 -

STUDY BY ATIC-ALA
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS - PROJECT #5771 (BLUE BOOK)
                                                        28 September 1959

1. Since the fall of 1947, the Air Force has conducted a project designed
to determine if unidentified flying objects represent a threat to national
security, or if they offer any scientific and/or technical information
would be beneficial. This program, far from the original intent, has become
an unproductive burden upon the Air Force, and specifically the Aerospace
Technical Intelligence Center. The program requires financing and manning
and has resulted in unworkable publicity for the Air Force, and again more
specifically the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center. The Air Force
media to eliminate this costly, and to date unproductive, program. Complete
elimination is desirable, but it should certainly be disassociated with the
inelastic community where it is extremely dangerous to prestige.

FACTORS BEARING ON THE PROBLEM

2. As of 30 June 1959, after 12 years of investigating and analyzing every
unidentified flying object which was brought to its attention, the Air Force
has accumulated a file of 5152 cases. The number of reports number better
than 8000. For many objects were reported by more than one witness and from
different sources (Tab - A). From this vast experience with UFO's, the Air
Force has not found a single instance that these objects constitute a
threat to national security, or are space vehicles controlled by man or
alien beings from another world, nor has any real scientific and/or technical
knowledge resulted.

3. There are 50 private UFO organizations in the U.S. whose members exploit
unidentified flying objects for financial gain, religious or other more
devious reasons at the expense of the Air Force (Tab - B). There have been
instances when the members of these organizations have actually competed
with the Air Force during the investigation of a case. When not satisfied
with the Air Force handling, these private investigators have, on occasion,
initiated the witness to complain to their Congressman. These complaints have
resulted in Congressional hearings, unwarranted publicity, and always an
increase of the work load imposed upon the ATIC (Tab -C).

4. The methods by which UFO reports are forwarded is by TWX or telephone
from military installations, and by letter or phone from civil organizations
or private citizens (Tab - D). No standard complaint form has been developed
necessary for survival in event of an attack using modern weapons, is ridiculous. The ATIC interest in these objects, in view of the foregoing, can
only be its intelligence or scientific and/or technical significance after
successful defense action has been accomplished by another agency.

5. Approximately 80% of the effort in the UFO program is directed toward
the public relations objective.

6. The ATIC has a staff of three people who work full time on the UFO
program, and there are two at SAFIS who spend considerable time with the


- page 11 -

UNCLASSIFIED

FILE CLASS. 117-4
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

10 November 1959

General Dougher

1. It is my impression that General Walsh is interested in producing maximum of aerospace intelligence with the minimum expenditure of funds toward utilization or manpower. Toward that goal we have already witnessed the necessity for reducing ATIC efforts in those areas already indirectly applicable.

2. I have conducted a review of the functions of AFOIN-48, and feel that the time is now upon us when we must seriously consider whether to continue the UPO mission. Since 1947 the Air Force, and more specifically ATIC has been responsible to do determine the nature of unidentified flying intelligence. At that time it was felt that the assignment should be made to the intelligence since it was possible that these objects might pose a threat to national security. After 12 years experience ATIC has yet to uncover any positive evidence that UFO's constitute any such threat.

3. The attached study clearly indicates that this program has cost us much in both manpower and money. It further points out that at this time in the intelligence community, but rather it should be regarded as a scientific phenomenon, coming within the purview of General Walsh.

4. If after reviewing the study you concur, the attached letter to General Walsh will be prepared in final form.

2 Atchs:
1. Staff Study by 484
2. Proposed Ltr to Gen Walsh

If Inclosure is withdrawn (or not attached), the classification of this correspondence will be downgraded to General in accordance with AFOIN-1.

UNCLASSIFIED

ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

program. In addition to these full time, or nearly full time people, there are a great number in the field who must meet the program of this program on a day to day basis (TAB - C). Since 1947 the program has contracted the services of a scientific consultant in the person of Dr. J. Allen Hynek.

The annual average for Dr. Hynek's services has been $15,000. In 1952 a statistical study of the program was performed by a civilian contractor. This study cost the Air Force approximately $10,000. In addition to the above listed expenses must be added the operating expenses which can be directly attributed to the UFO program. For all of this expense, to date we have only bought a small amount of good will from a small minority of the public.

DISCUSSIONS:

7. Immediate elimination of the program. To do this would result in destroying every advantage gained in the past 12 years. It would not only supply fuel for the confirmed UFO believers, but would also provide avenues for propagandists. In addition to arousing, the confirmed UFO believers, it could encourage, the warm public to those citizens who took no active part, but trusted their security in the fact that the Air Force was on the job.

While the eventual elimination is to be sought as a goal, it must be understood that the public must first be conditioned in order that they be receptive of the idea. Disbandment of the program as a project assigned to a specific agency, by no means infers that the Air Force will not continue this effort. Every agency in the Air Force, as a matter of doing its part toward accomplishment of the overall Air Force mission, would give proper attention to reports of any objects which may prove notable or of intelligence and/or scientific and technical value. The only objective which would suffer as a result of eliminating this program would be the public relations aspects.

8. Remove the UFO program from the intelligence community with plans for eventual, complete elimination following a program of public education. By moving the project out of the intelligence community several problems associated with the program would be eased. First, the public tension created with the intelligence community. Second, it would eliminate as an intelligence impossibility a program which is open to public inspection. Third, the program, in the absence of potential national and scientific returns, has been one mainly of public relations. The program could be moved to the Washington area and made the direct responsibility of one of the branches of the USAF. The long range plan to develop the public would use the media of the press, television, radio, and possibly movies, to inform the public of the various aspects of the program. The public should be made aware of the phenomena and/or man-made objects which have been misidentified and reported as UFO's. Within the long view, all rocket, satellite launching, etc., should be made public knowledge. The public should be made aware that the Air Force will still be accomplishing the two major objectives of this program: determining if UFO's constitute a national threat, and if they are of any scientific and/or technical value as a routine part of its overall mission. A study program should be undertaken by the persons conducting the UFO project which would be more than the pure statistical study with one accomplishment for Special Report 14. This study should make specific correlations to determine, if possible, the cause for

2


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

surges of reports (this would serve a dual purpose by allowing anticipation
of surges and also possible prevention by known causes). The study should
contain specific information as to the types of phenomena and/or man-made
objects which have been responsible for the sightings. The report should
also give heavy consideration to the psychological aspects of the program.

Removal of the program from the intelligence community would not mean that
the objectives of the program have changed, but only that more discretion
will be given to which cases are possibly of intelligence significance, or
are of possible scientific value. Liaison between the UFO office and the
appropriate sub-division of ARTN, AEC, or AHDO would tend to maintain the
high level of these objectives. A rated officer with a technical background
and intelligence experience should be assigned as OIC of this program to
allow a high degree of accomplishment in the analysis of the cases, to
insure that scientifically significant cases will be recognized, and that
cases which may have intellectually value will be given the proper attention.

The main disadvantages of this plan are the relatively scant expense which
may be incurred during the initial phase of the public education program,
moving of the UFO office away from the scientific and technical facilities
of the ATIC and the MAD, and the loss of prestige which would result by
removing the organization from the responsibility of an organization with
scientific and technical capability to another whose main concern is public
information. When viewed properly, it will be realized that the expense
incurred in the public education program will more than pay for itself it
this eventually leads to destruction of the program. As for the scientific
and technical assistance, this is available in the Washington, D.C. area
from ARTN, NACA, etc.

9. A third solution is essentially the same as that outlined under paragraph
eight. The only recommended change is that the UFO program be associated
with an organization such as ARDC which has a scientific and technical com-
petency. Liaison with SAFS, AFOIN, and AEC would be maintained. This solution
allows, etc. This solution would do away with the problem of the possible
loss of prestige which could result from the disassociation with an organi-
zation having scientific and technical capability while retaining all of the
advantages.

CONCLUSION:

10. The best immediate solution to the UFO program is to disassociate the
project with the intelligence community and to assign responsibility for the
program under guidance to be directed toward active public support. The program
elimination of the program as a special project.

ACTION RECOMMENDED:

11. It is recommended that this study be approved and forwarded to the
AC/PI for consideration, with a recommendation to the Force Chief of Staff
for consideration and possible implementation. Such approval to be acknowledged by authentication of the draft document which is attached hereto and marked one to the study.

RICHARD E. SHOOP
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-464
3


- page 14 -

STUDY BY ATIC-LEA
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS PROGRAM
PROJECT #5771 (BLUE BOOK)

I. PROBLEM:

A. Examine the current unidentified flying objects program, as conducted by the United States Air Force, to determine its proper orientation within the Air Force structure.

II. FACTORS BEARING ON THE PROBLEM:

A. In 1947 the Air Force established a project whose purpose was to collect, collate, evaluate, and distribute to interested government agencies and contractors all information concerning sightings and phenomena in the atmosphere which could be construed to be of concern to national security.

As of 30 June 1959, after 12 years of investigating and analyzing every unidentified flying object sighting through to its attention, the Air Force has accumulated a file of 6152 cases. The total reports received and number better than 5800, for many objects were reported from more than one source (TAB-A). From this vast experience with UFOs, the Air Force has not had the slightest evidence that these objects are either to be classified as space vehicles controlled by man or aliens from another world. This same experience has not revealed any scientific and/or technical information which would be beneficial to the United States.

B. The UFO program, far from its original intent of determining the intelligence and scientific and/or technical value of these objects, has seemingly acquired a primary objective of providing, pubic information. This distortion, of what was a lesser objective, is probably due to the fact that public interest in the UFO has grown so phenomenal each year since 1947. In the 27 there are 50 private UFO organizations whose members eagerly and unabated flying, or Jesus for financial gain. Air Force handling, these private investigators have, on occasion, incited the widest to complain to their Congressman. These complaints have resulted in Congressional hearings, unfavorable publicity, and an increase of the work load imposed upon ATIC (TAB-B).

C. The UFO project requires manpower and resources which ATIC presently has as staff of three people who work full time on the UFO project, and several others who must allocate part of their time. In addition to these full time, or nearly full time people, there are a great number in the field who must meet the problems of this program on a day to day basis (TAB-C). Since 1948 the project has contracted the services of a scientific consultant


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

in the person of Dr. J. Allen Hynek. The annual average for Dr. Hynek's
services has been $1,500. In 1952 a statistical study of the program was
performed by a civilian contractor. This study cost the Air Force approximately $4,000. In addition to the foregoing expenses, the operating costs which can be directly attributed to the UFO program must be added.

III. DISCUSSION:

A. Several solutions to the problem of proper orientation of the UFO program are as follows:

1. Retain the program at ATIC and direct the major efforts associated with the program toward accomplishment of the original objectives. The major advantage of this solution is that the project has been established to the intelligence community as a labor and Air Force experience in handling the program belongs to ATIC. There would be no requirement to establish new lines of communication and/or liaison. This would require periodic review of the sub-divisions of the Air Force are familiar with the present method of operation and know their responsibilities to the program. This solution has several disadvantages. The public tends to exaggerate the importance of any operation which is in any way associated with an intelligence program. The UFO program is more or less open to public inspection, and the association of such a wide-open project with ATIC has a tendency to reduce the prestige of the intelligence community. The project requires manpower and resources which might be used more constructively on other programs.

2. Transfer the UFO project from the intelligence community to another agency of the Air Force which has a scientific and technical capability; i.e., Air Research and Development Command. Such a change would allow a fresh approach by an organization which would not be burdened by problems which are bred from familiarity. The scientific objectives of the project, in the absence of evidence that UFO's pose a threat to national security could possibly take on greater stature, and association with an agency such as ARD could enhance this possibility. The UFO program would not suffer any loss of prestige due to its disassociation with the scientific capabilities of ATIC. There are certain disadvantages which could result from the reassignment of the UFO program. There would be a requirement for establishing new lines of communication and/or liaison, new directives, and for the re-evaluation of the Air Force becoming familiar with new operating procedures and responsibilities.

3. Transfer the UFO project to one of the sub-divisions of SAFIS. This solution would affect the most critical of the project to an agency which is presently responsible for the public information aspects of the program. Responsibility for the full program could probably be accomplished by expansion of the present office. The project would be assigned to an agency which has some familiarity with the program. A program of public education on the UFO program could best be conducted by SAFIS. There are some disadvantages however, since extensive coordination would be required.

2


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

between the UFO office and AFCIN, ADC, and AMDC in order to accomplish the primary objectives of the project. There would also be a requirement for new directives, and the sub-divisions of the Air Force would have to become familiar with new responsibilities and a new method of operation.

In addition, the UFO program could lose prestige and to its association with an agency which has no scientific capability.

B. Elimination of the direct association between the intelligence community and the UFO project would be mutually healthy. The intelligence community should not be burdened with this program which has such strong overtones of public relations. Also, it has been pointed out more than once during the last year loft this project that positive steps should be taken to strip this program of its aura of mystery. The disassociation with intelligence would do much to accomplish this aim. Also, the public's cloak and dagger attitude toward military intelligence. The UFO program to date has revealed no evidence which indicates close phenomenal or a break or potential threat to our national security. In the absence of such evidence the only possible positive gain from this project would be to selectively and/or exclude knowledge which might be available. This objective would be within the scope of the normal mission of ARDC. If this project was moved to SAFIS, the primary objectives would be further subjugated and in time the UFO project would probably degenerate into a complete public relations program.

IV. CONCLUSION:

A. Assignment of the UFO project to an agency with a scientific capability, i.e. ARDC, is the most logical orientation of the program within the Air Force structures. When the UFO project was conceived in 1947, a major consideration was national security. Therefore, its assignment to intelligence was very logical. Experience to date with the UFO has not revealed any evidence that these phenomena are a threat to national security, and their only possible value to the Air Force is scientific information. To emphasize this suggestion of this feasibility, the scientific objectives of the project should be more clearly defined.

V. ACTION RECOMMENDED:

A. It is recommended that this study be approved and the necessary steps taken for possible implementation. Such approval should be acknowledged by authentication of the draft document which is Attachment [illegible] to this study.

3


- page 17 -

30 November 1959

DRAFT Ltr to General Schriever from General Walsh

1. In the fall of 1947 the United States Air Force took official notice of reports of unidentified flying objects. Responsibility for the UFO project was assigned to the Intelligence community.

2. The project as established was to determine first, if UFO's were hostile, second, had they any possible scientific value, and third, to determine the nature of each of these objects. After 12 years, 5152 cases, and more than 3000 reports, the Air Force has not discovered any evidence which would indicate that UFO's are inimical or pose a security threat in any way.

3. During the life of this project there have been indications of its possible scientific value. Dr. D. H. Robey of Convair-Astronautics, in his study on "Slow Moving Green Fireballs," uses UFO reports as possible substantiating evidence; Dr. Charles F. Olivier, president of The American Meteor Society, has on several occasions requested information from the Air Force to be used for his studies on "fireballs". Dr. Olivier claims the Air Force information is more complete than his own reports. The UFO files contain reports of cases which were analyzed as being due to rare scientific phenomena such as "ball lightning".

4. In the absence of a security threat from UFO's, it is my opinion that the project's value to the Air Force lies in exploitation of its scientific information. In order to accomplish this goal the UFO program should be transferred to ARDC, and its scientific objectives more clearly defined.


- page 18 -

STUDY BY ASSIGNED
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS PROGRAM
PROJECT #577 (BLUE BOOK)

I. PROBLEM:

A. Examine the current unidentified flying objects program, as conducted by the United States Air Force, to determine its proper orientation within the Air Force structure.

II. FACTORS BEARING ON THE PROBLEM:

A. In 1947 the Air Force established a project whose purpose was to collect, collate, evaluate, and distribute to interested agencies and contractors all information concerning sightings and phenomena in the atmosphere which could be construed to be of concern to national security.

As of 30 June 1959, after 12 years of investigating and analyzing every unidentified flying object sighting brought to its attention, the Air Force has encountered a file of 6,042 cases. The total reports received number better than 8000; for many objects were reported from more than one source (ATIC). From this vast experience it has UFO cases, the Air Force has had the slightest evidence that these objects are a direct to national security or are space vehicles controlled by man or another world. This same experience has not revealed any scientific and/or technical information which would be beneficial to the United States.

B. The UFO program, far from its original intent of determining the intelligence and scientific and/or technical value of these objects, has seemingly acquired a primary objective of providing public information. This distortion, of what was a lesser objective, is probably due to the fact that public interest in the UFO has appeared to gain momentum each year since 1947. In the 12 years of previous UFO organizations whose members exploit unidentified flying objects for financial gain, or religious, or other more devious reasons. There have been instances when members of these organizations have actually competed with the Air Force during the investigation of a case. Then not satisfied with the Air Force handling, these private investigators have, on occasion, incited the press to expose alleged mishandling. These complaints have resulted in congressional hearings, unfavorable publicity, and an increase of the work load imposed upon ATIC (USAF).

C. The UFO project requires manpower and resources which ATIC might use more constructively on other programs. ATIC presently has a staff of three people who work full time on the UFO project, and several others who must allocate part of their time. In addition to these full time, nearly full time people, there are a great number in the field who must meet the problems of this program on a day to day basis (ATIC). Since 1948 the project has contracted the services of a scientific consultant.


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

in the person of Dr. J. Allen lynck. The annual average for Dr. lynck's
services has been $150. In 1952 a statistical study of the program was
performed by a civilian contractor. This study took the AF area approxi-
mately 1,000 man-hours to complete. In addition to the foregoing expenses, the operating
costs which can be directly attributed to the UFO program must be added.

III. DISCUSSION:

A. Several solutions to the problem of proper orientation of the
UFO program are as follows:

1. Retain the program at ATIC and direct the major efforts
associated with the program toward accomplishment of the original objec-
tives. The major advantage of this solution is that the project has been
assigned to the intelligence community since its birth and all Air Force
experience in handling the program has been good. There would be no
requirement to establish new lines of communication and/or liaison. This
solution would require no new directives and the embarrassment of the Air
Force are familiarized with the present method of operation and know their res-
ponsibilities to the program. This solution has several disadvantages.
The public tends to be skeptical of any operation which is in
any way associated with military intelligence. The UFO program is more or
less open to public inspection, and the association of such a wide-open
project with ATIC has a tendency to reduce the prestige of the intelligence
community. The project requires manpower and resources which might be
used more constructively on other programs.

2. Transfer the UFO project from the intelligence community to
another agency of the Air Force which has a scientific and technical capa-
bility; i.e., Air Research and Development Command. Such a change would
allow a fresh approach by an organization which would not be burdened by
problems with an area previously handled by intelligence. The objectives
of the project, in the absence of evidence that UFO's pose a threat to
national security could possibly take on greater stature, and associated
with an agency such as ARDC could enhance this possibility. The UFO
program would not suffer any loss of prestige due to its disassociation
with the scientific capabilities of ATIC. There are certain disadvantages
with such a transfer. From the reassignment of the UFO program, there would
be a requirement for establishing new lines of communication and/or liaison
new directives, and for the Air Force becoming familiar
with new operating procedures and responsibilities.

3. Transfer the UFO project to one of the sub-divisions of SAFOI.
This solution would effect the transfer of the project to an agency which
is presently responsible for the public information aspects of the program.
Responsibility for the full program could probably be accomplished by
expansion of the present office. The project would be assigned to an
agency which has some familiarity with the program. A program of public
education can thus be pursued which best be conducted by SAFOI. There are
some disadvantages, however, since extensive coordination would be required

2


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

between the UFO office and AFOIN, AIG, and AMIG in order to accomplish
the primary objectives of the project. There would also be a requirement
for new directives, and the sub-division of the Air Force would have to
become familiar with new responsibilities and a new method of operation.
In addition, the UFO program could lose prestige due to its association
with an agency which has no scientific capability.

B. Elimination of the direct association between the intelligence
community and the UFO project would be mutually harmful. The intelligence
community should not be burdened with this program which has been strong
overtones of public relations. Also, it has been pointed out more than
once during the 12 year life of this project that positive steps should
be taken to strip this program of its aura of mystery. The disassociation
with intelligence would do much to accomplish this and remove the
public's cloak and dagger attitude toward military intelligence. The
UFO program to date has revealed no evidence which indicates that phenomena are a threat or potential threat to our national security. In the
absence of such evidence the only possible positive gain from this project
would be the scientific and/or technical knowledge which might be available. The objective would be within the scope of the normal mission of
AFOIC. If this project was moved to SAIS, the primary objectives would
be further subjugated and in time the UFO project would probably degenerate
into a complete public relations program.

IV. CONCLUSION:

A. Assignment of the UFO project to an agency with a scientific
capability; i.e. AFOIN, is the most logical orientation of the program
with the Air Force structure. When the UFO project was conceived in
1947, a major consideration was national security; therefore, its assignment to intelligence was very logical. Experiences to date with the UFO
has not revealed any evidence that these phenomena are a threat to national
security, and their only possible value to the Air Force is scientific
information. To enhance the success of this rearrangement, the scientific
objectives of the project should be more clearly defined.

V. ACTION RECOMMENDED:

A. It is recommended that this study be approved and the necessary
steps taken for possible implementation. Such approval should be acknowledged by authentication of the draft document which is Attachment #1
to this study.

3


- page 21 -

CONFIDENTIAL
ONCE

TAB-A     Object Sightings 1947-30 June 1959
TAB-B     UFO Organizations
TAB-C     Fitzgerald Case (CONF) Withdrawn
TAB-D     History
TAB-E     Graph of Sightings 1947-30 June 1959
TAB-F     Statistics for Calendar Years 1956, 1957 & 1958
             & 1 Jan-30 June 1959
TAB-G     Manpower Estimates

(This page is unclassified, however, it is stamped CONFIDENTIAL in keeping with the classification of TAB-C (Fitzgerald Case))

ONCE
CONFIDENTIAL


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

DRAFT

SUBJECT: UFO Program

TO: AFOIN (General Walsh)

1. In 1947 the Air Force, and more specifically the ATIC, assumed responsibility for a program designed to determine if unidentified flying objects were a national threat. This program at its inception was designed to determine first, if UFO's were hostile, and second, had any possible scientific value. A tertiary objective was to determine the nature of each of these objects. With the passage of time, the absence of positive indication that these objects were hostile or had any scientific value, and the coming of the private UFO organizations, the third objective began to take on more stature. Today this objective has grown to such an extent that we are fast reaching the point where the tail may wag the dog. This is damaging to Air Force prestige and has a detrimental effect upon intelligence operations.

2. The attached study offers as a solution transfer of the UFO project to an agency with a scientific capability. I concur with the views outlined in the study that such a move would be beneficial to both the intelligence community and to the UFO program. Disassociation with intelligence would do much to strip the aura of mystery from the UFO program, and the same disassociation would eliminate a project from intelligence which is more or less open to public inspection.

3. It is recommended that the attached study be approved and the necessary steps taken to effect transfer of the UFO project to ARDC.

CHARLES B. DOUGHER
Major General, USAF
AFOIN-4

1 Atch:
Study by AFOIN-LEA


- page 23 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small black square in the top right corner. The page looks like it is part of a microfilm or scanned document collection.


- page 24 -

TAB - A

OBJECT SIGHTINGS
1947 - 1959

YEAR                # OBJECTS SIGHTED
                    AND REPORTED
1947                79
1948                143
1949                186
1950                169
1951                121
1952                1,501
1953                425
1954                459
1955                404
1956                778
1957                1,178
1958                590
1 Jan - 30 June 1959 159

TOTAL               6,162


- page 25 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small black square tag or marker in the top right corner.


- page 26 -

There is very little text visible on this page. In the top right corner, there appears to be a faint, partially illegible handwritten note, but the text is too unclear to definitively read.

The page appears to be a mostly blank white document page with some vertical and horizontal lines/borders, typical of an official document or report form. The image looks like a scanned black and white document with a dark border around the edges.


- page 27 -

UFO ORGANIZATIONS AND CLUBS IN THE UNITED STATES

1. Aerial Phenomena Research Organization
   $3.00 per year

2. Borderline Sciences Research Associates
   Supposedly non-profit. Has bi-monthly publication.

3. Celestial Vehicle Investigation Committee
   Little known re this organization.

4. Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects
   Publication 50¢ monthly. Claims 5000 members.
   (Springfield's organization)

5. Civilian Saucer Intelligence
   Membership $1.00. Dues 50¢ for bulletin

6. Civilian Saucer Investigation
   Quarterly bulletins - 50¢ per copy

7. College of Universal Wisdom
   Religious fanatical. Bi-monthly publication $1.50 per copy.

8. Cup and Saucer Net
   Little known re this organization.

9. Detroit Astronomical Society
   Little known re this organization.

10. Essenes of Kosmon
    Monthly report 50¢ per copy.

11. Extra-Terrestrial Research Organization
    Claims to be non-profit.

12. Fate Magazine (Club)
    Monthly magazine 35¢ per copy.

13. Flying Saucer Club of Detroit
    Claims membership of over 2000.

14. Flying Saucer Investigative Associates
    Little known re this organization

15. Flying Saucer International
    Los Angeles organization. Claims 10,000 membership.
    Monthly report 25¢

16. Flying Saucer News
    $2.00 per year subscription.


- page 28 -

17. Flying Saucer Researchers
Subscription and 5 copies $1.00. 700 members.

18. Flying Saucer Research Society
Little known re this organization.

19. Fortean Society
Oldest society. Philosophical and metaphysical.

20. Gravity Foundation
Little known, but active.

21. Great Lakes UFO Association
Little known. Attempting to organize better.

22. Holloway School of Philosophy, Health and Religion
Four publications from 50¢ to $1.00.

23. International Flying Saucer Bureau
Very little known.

24. Interplanetary News Digest
South California group. Little known.

25. Library Research Group
Little known, but active.

26. Little Listening Post
Little known.

27. Oregon Energy Institute (W. Reich Foundation)
Director now before Supreme Court for defrauding government.

28. The 71 Research Association
Headed by individual claiming trip in flying saucer.

29. Saucer and Unexplained Celestial Events Research Society
Little known.

30. Saucer Research Foundation of Los Angeles
Little known.

31. Saucer Phenomena and Celestial Enquiry
Little known.

32. Saucer Sentinel
Little known.

33. Spheres, Incorporate (Los Angeles)
Rabble rousing type of organization.


- page 29 -

34. The Roundhouse
    Little known, but active.

35. UFO Research Organization
    Claim to be scientists, but indicates low-level of education.

36. Waterbury Saucer Center
    Publish ad (extremely sensational) quarterly, 50¢ per copy.

37. Wixcele Labs of the Chemcraft Science
    Claim to be non-profit.

38. Space Observers League
    Newly formed. Little known.

39. Flying Saucer Council of America
    Claims 2000 members.

40. Amarillo Flying Saucer Sighting Center
    Newly formed.

41. Saucer Research Bureau
    Little known in this organization.

42. Telonic Research Center
    Quarterly bulletin 50¢ issue.

43. Satellite Science
    Membership 12.00 per year.

44. Institute of Interplanetary Arts and Sciences
    The director of this impressive sounding organization
    is not a scientist, but a might watchman!

45. UFO Research Council
    Have written to President Eisenhower. Active, but few details.

46. NICAP (National Investigative Committees on Aerial Phenomena)
    Cleverly organized. Man "behind the scenes" is Keyhoe.
    Soliciting well-known personalities as members.

47. Pacific Lemurian Society. Founder and Director - W. Gordon Allen
    Periodical: "Space-Craft Digest".

48. National Committee for Investigation of UFO's
    Director - K. T. Plock.

49. Saucer Research Bureau of Rockville Center, N. Y.

50. Interplanetary Intelligence of Unidentified Flying Objects
    Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Associate Director: Hayden Heves.


- page 30 -

No legible text is visible on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small black square or redaction box on the right side of the page.


- page 31 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

Attached herewith is letter of complaint and report
on The Recent Fitzgerald Case. The only thing
that bothers me is the charge of "sloppy"
investigation procedure.

Please prepare a basis for reply for General
Fisher as soon as possible as the suspense date
on this item is 17 Dec 1958.

FROM NAME OR TITLE: 12 Dec 58
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: TIG-60

DD FORM 95 (BACK)


- page 32 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

SUBJECT: CONC: UFO'S
Inquiry by Mr. Fred A. Kirsch

ACTION: Req memo w/proposed reply per MCI 10-20
and indicate AO name & an or ret memo

SUSPENSE: ASAP - not later than 18 Dec 58

SAFILL: 75805
(Gen Fisher)

INCLS: Ltr fr Mr. Kirsch dd 7 Dec 58 to Gen Fisher
prev corres File (SAFLL 6463)
prev corres File (SAFLL 69306)
Inclosure to Mr. Kirsch 1st of 7 Dec
is a folder re Fitzgerald sighting.

FROM NAME OR TITLE: WILLIAM J. VAN DYKE
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: Walter Craig
                           Air Observations Branch

DATE: 11 Dec 58

DD FORM 95     78692
1 FEB 50


- page 33 -

28 September 1959

USAF UFO PROGRAM

1. Brief History.

A. In the fall of 1947 the United States Air Force took official notice of reports of unidentified flying objects, the so-called "flying saucers," because they represented a possible threat to national security, and has become a subject of public concern. The Air Force was designated the responsible agency due to the fact that most of the objects were reported to be flying.

B. On 30 December 1947, the Air Materiel Command at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio was directed to establish a project to collect and evaluate all available facts concerning sightings of unidentified flying objects. The objectives of this project to be as follows:

1. Determine if these objects constitute a threat to national security.

2. Determine if any scientific and/or technical information was available from the sightings.

3. Identify and/or explain all UFO sightings.

C. From 1947 until February 1949, the program was identified as Project "Sign". In February 1949, the name of the project was changed to "Grudge", remaining so until March 1952, when it was further changed to "Blue Book", the present identification. In the summer of 1952, when the intelligence department of Air Force was covered into what is now the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC), the program was reviewed at the request of Headquarters, USAF. Recommendations which resulted from the review were that the reporting, investigation, and analysis of UFO cases be improved where possible.

D. As of 30 June 1959, after 12 years of investigating and analyzing every unidentified flying object was brought to its attention, the Air Force has accumulated a file of 5152 cases. The number of reports received number more than 8000, for many objects were reported by more than one witness, and from different sources. While the general trend of the number of sightings over the past three years has been downward, the totals for the more recent years are still far above the totals for the initial years of the program (1947-1949). The breakdown of the cases since 1 January 1956, is shown in TAB F. Another factor which adds to the number of reports is the fact that individual cases are being even more attention by the public, and balloon into a major problem for the Air Force.


- page 34 -

The Unidentified Flying Objects Research Committee
P. O. Box 5628 - Akron 13, Ohio

December 1, 1958

Major General W. P. Fisher
Director, Assistant to Liggett
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D. C.

Dear General Fisher:

Enclosed is a complete report of a UFO sighting. It includes a description of the sighting, the Air Force investigation, the conclusion of ATIC as given in your letter to Congressman Baumgart, and an analysis of the Air Force conclusions and investigation.

In the analysis of the Air Force treatment of the case our group has charged the investigation team with criminal mishandling. We feel that this case is typical of all UFO cases and that our charges apply generally to the Air Force UFO project.

You have answered many inquiries from members of the U.S. Congress with statements to the effect that the Air Force is conducting a fair, honest, and scientific investigation of the UFO reports. We are presenting you with this report which proves that your statements have been false and misleading. The official documents are available for your inspection if that should be necessary.

After reading the enclosed report, please send us your answer to the following questions:

(1) What action will be taken to discipline the ATIC investigation team which handled this case?

(2) What action will be taken to make a proper investigation and evaluation of this particular report (Fitzgerald, 21 Sept. 1958)?

(3) What action will be taken to insure that all future reports of unidentified flying objects will be properly investigated and evaluated?

A copy of this letter is being sent to Senator John W. Bricker. I request that you send a copy of your reply to the above three questions to Senator Bricker.

Sincerely,
Fred A. Kirsch
for the UFO Research Committee


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

SUBJECT:

FRED A. KINZER req info relating him to the AF investigation of unidentified objects.

DATE RECEIVED: 1 Aug 58

REFERRED TO: 1st Lt PG 840 Hq SAC Plt; 83 Refl Sq; 83 Refl Sq; Hq USAF

DATE FORWARDED: 1 Aug 58

CONGRESSMAN: BECKMAN, John Ann

The rest of the document appears to be mostly blank administrative forms with some stamped or handwritten dates, including a "SEP 1958" stamp at the bottom right.


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAFIL 1 Maj Van Dyke/AFCIG/76024 Sept 58
SAFIL 63459

Dear Mr. Kirsch:

Your inquiry to Senator John V. Blatnik concerning unidentified flying objects has been referred to the Air Force for a direct reply.

The Air Force investigation of all reported sightings of unidentified flying objects has revealed no evidence of data to substantiate the existence of interplanetary spacecraft.

The formal report of the scientific panel referred to has been fully analyzed. The scientific portion of the panel's formal report deals with other methods of total/unique world scientific data. In fact, however, and specifically with UFOs. This report did not recommend that the Air Force engage in further investigation effort or that it should release all UFO information to the general public.

The United States does not possess a flying answer such as you describe. However, many devices which do possess could be adaptable for unidentified Flying Objects under certain conditions.

Incl: 1 Msg/Twded 4 Aug to SAFIS
w/se of 11 Aug, returned to SAFIS
Cor morn responding reply on 14 Aug
Fnal 1st prep/Twded 4 Sept based on
draft of Incr Msg SAFIS/SA713/72284/
per Back Slip dt 6 Aug 58
CORGRS: 1st fr Gen to Gen Fisher
dd 31 Jul and 1st fr Mr
Kirsch to Sgt 26 Jul 58
NOTE: Courtesy of Lt Gen Sam Gen

Mr. Fred A. Kirsch
1309 Terrace Drive
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio

Sincerely yours,

CO: GOODE
GOODE
SAFIS
THAT BACK

W. F. FISHER
Major General, USAF
Director
Legislative Liaison

By his request.


- page 37 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

Handwritten note in remarks section: "Hm... 19 year well youth!"

At bottom of form:
Date: 6 Aug 58
Telephone: 73386

Form type: DD Form 95 (1 Feb 50)

The rest of the form is blank with empty fields.


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

DRAFT

Dear Mr. Kirsch:

Your letter, dated 26 July 1956, addressed to Senator Bricker on the subject of unidentified flying objects has been referred to this office for reply.

The report referred to in your first question is non-existent.

The Air Force has continually stated that there is a complete lack of evidence to substantiate the existence of interplanetary space ships.

The formal report of the scientific panel referred to in your second question has not been fully declassified for security reasons. However, the classified portion of the Panel's formal report does not deal specifically with UFO's but on other matters of intelligence significance which affect the national security. The releasable portion of the report which you already have does deal with unidentified flying objects.

Also, I can assure you that the Formal Report of the Panel does not recommend that the Air Force quadruple its UFO investigative efforts and release all UFO information to the general public.

Your third question is rather difficult to answer. The United States does not possess a flying saucer as such. However, as you mentioned in your letter, many devices which we do possess, such as weather balloons, jet aircraft and missiles, can be mistaken for an unidentified flying object under unusual circumstances.

DRAFT


- page 39 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

SUBJECT: Congressional Enquiry Unidentified Flying Objects

ACTION: Request memo w/proposed reply per BOI 20-10 and indicate action officer's same and tel number

SAFIL: 63453 (San John Bricker)

SUSPENSE: ASAP - no later than 11 Aug 58

INCLOSURES: Ltr fr San to Gen Fisher
             Ltr to San fr Mr. Kirsch

FROM NAME OR TITLE: [Date] 6 Aug 58

TELEPHONE: 78692

The document appears to be a standard military/government memo routing slip with various administrative sections left mostly blank, focusing on a congressional inquiry about unidentified flying objects.


- page 40 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

SUBJECT: Congressional Inquiry
Unidentified Flying Objects

ACTION: Request memo w/proposed reply per
POD 7200.6 and indicate action
officer's name and tel number

DATE: 63453 (Gen John Bricker)

SUSPENSE: ASAP - no later than 11 Aug 56

ENCLOSURES: Ltr fr San to Gen Fisher
Ltr to San fr Mr. Kirsch

FROM (NAME OR TITLE): [Date] 4 Aug 56

DD FORM 95 [bottom of form with number 78620]


- page 41 -

United States Senate

July 31, 1958

Maj. George W. P. Fischer
Director, Legislative Liaison
Department of the Air Force
Washington D. C.

Dear General Fischer:

The enclosed letter was recently received in my office from Mr. Fred A. Kirsch of Dayton, Ohio, requesting information relating to the Air Force investigation of aerial objects.

I would very much appreciate your writing direct to Mr. Kirsch to answer his question and advise him of any of your action.

Many thanks for your cooperation in this matter.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature]

Inclosed

cc: Mr. Fred A. Kirsch
1409 Forest Glen Drive
Dayton, Ohio


- page 42 -

1350 Forest Glen Dr.
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio
July 26, 1958

Senator Bricker-Ohio
Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C.
Dear Senator Bricker:

Could you make an inquiry to the U.S. Air Force Intelligence department for me? The questions I wish answered concern the Air Force investigation of Unidentified Flying Objects - "flying saucers."

Question 1
In his book "The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects" Captain Ruppelt tells of a "top secret estimate of the situation", compiled by intelligence officers who preceded him on the UFO project. According to Ruppelt, this report stated that the UFOs are interplanetary spacecraft. This report was written sometime in late 1948, and Ruppelt says that he read it several times.

Question 2
As he referred to above, Ruppelt describes the ceiling together of a panel of scientists to study the UFO reports which had been declared "unknown" by AF investigators. This meeting took place in January of 1953.

Ruppelt says that the panel recommended (1) that the then existing UFO project be quadrupled in size, (2) that means be established to enter definite physical evidence of the existence of UFOs, and (3) that the public be given all the facts in the UFO mystery, including reports over the extent of UFO.

The "Report of the scientific panel on unidentified flying objects" released April 19, 1956 by A.F. Major L.J. Tacker contains no hint of these recommendations described by this release by Ruppelt. The panel's conclusions as listed by this release are in direct contradiction to Ruppelt's description.


- page 43 -

Civilian Notice:

In the enclosed report attached, or has reported fabricated the information in the last part hereof ?

Specifically:

Does the U.S. have a device which could be responsible for the flight aspects noted, viz. in the Air Force during the last war, particularly August 1944 in the "Foo" ?

In other words, conventional aircraft, etc. I mean a device which is capable of performing at roughly the reported speeds and acceleration attributed to the UFO, and having a circular or elliptical shape. My reported speeds and acceleration I do not mean "no mass and infinite acceleration" as in General Anatole's statement in 1952. These qualifications should be significant. Go as far as you are able to really appreciated.

Your cooperation will be greatly appreciated.

Sincerely,
Fred A. Kirsch


- page 44 -

II. Method of Operation.

A. The method of operating the UFO program has been generally the same since its birth: reporting, investigating, analyzing, and public relations. It is only in these agencies of the Air Force have performed each of these functions, and to what extent, that the program has changed.

The program as presently conducted under the provisions of AFR 200-2, dated 11 September 1959, is as follows:

1. Reporting - nearest Air Force or other Government or military facility submits reports to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center. Some reports are forwarded directly to the Air Force by civil agencies or by private citizens.

2. Investigations are conducted by the air base or station nearest the scene of the sighting; either upon receiving the report, or upon being notified of the sighting by the ATIC. In the more unusual or seemingly important cases the investigation, upon ATIC request, is conducted by the local Air Group, an intelligence organization. In some rare instances the investigation is conducted by the ATIC.

3. Monitoring the program, analysis, and maintaining the records is the responsibility of the ATIC.

4. The release of all information pertaining to UFOs, which is for public consumption, is the responsibility of the Secretary of the Air Force's Information Services (SAFIS).

B. The Program Today.

1. The present efforts extended in the conduct of the UFO project are directed toward specific goals:

a. To explore each sighting thoroughly for possible intelligence and/or scientific information.

b. To eliminate the defensive attitude which has been allowed to creep into the program's public relations philosophy (the attitude of trying to prove each sighted object is not a space vehicle or some type).

c. To inform the public that a specific program, such as the UFO project, to evaluate each and every sighting is as necessary to national security. The USAF, in the conduct of its overall mission, will consider each and every report of an unidentified flying object, and those which indicate a need for further exploitation, due to possible intelligence and/or scientific value will receive this added attention.

d. To strip the shrouds of mystery from the UFO, haze through which many innocent people are duped by those who are using the UFO for personal gain, by a program of public education. This public

2


- page 45 -

Subject: UFO

Congressman: HAWWARD, A. B., Rep

Subject: Object that came down in the yard of MRS. WILLIAM
FITZGERALD, 21 Aug 58

Date Received: 1 Sep 58
Referred to: N/A
Date Forwarded: 3 Sep 58

Notes on routing:
Re: Pto UFO to Hq, 3 Aug 58
1st Ind USAF HQAFO, Wash DC to Hq
27 Aug 58 Fitzgerald to Rep
28 Sep 58

The rest of the document contains standard routing and administrative sections with some entries, but the text is not fully legible in all areas.


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAFIL-1/Maj Van Dyk/ml2/7869/29 Oct 58
SAFIL 69306

Dear Mr. Bumbaugh:

I refer to your inquiry concerning the interest of Mrs. William Fitzgerald of Sheffield Lake, Ohio, concerning an unidentified flying object she allegedly saw on 21 September 1958.

Air Force investigators arrived in Sheffield Lake on 3 October, interviewed with Mrs. Fitzgerald and also initial other phases of an investigation to possibly evaluate this sighting.

The investigation revealed that a railroad track ran near the home of Mrs. Fitzgerald. The area first observed the unidentified flying object, a fresh paved bus home at approximately the same hour of the reported eight-hour. The train had a railroad headlight which, under some conditions, would produce unusual effects. Contact was also made with Chief Downs and William Gabbert of the Coast Guard Station, Lorain, Ohio. Chief Gabbert reported that he was using his spotlight to scan another ship, and that the light was directed toward some low hanging clouds. The 29 October 1958 letter from Mrs. Fitzgerald's report, could not recall anything unusual in the night of the reported sighting. The weather was clear and stars were visible for interview. The weather at the time of the incident was a misty rain with low cloud cover.

The conclusion of Air Force investigators was that the combination of swirling lights, motion of the train and spotlight, were most probably the illusion experienced by Mrs. Fitzgerald. The Air Technical Intelligence Command concurred with the conclusion of the investigators.

Mr. Rod L. J. Ord/Dated 6 Oct to SAFIL
Final 1st prep./Dated 29 Oct based on
draft of reply prep by Maj Tucker/
7338.

Sincerely yours,
(Signatures and routing stamps at bottom of page)

Honorable A. B. Bumbaugh, Jr.
House of Representatives


- page 47 -

Here is the text from the document:

DRAFT

Dear Mr. Boushert:

I refer to your inquiry concerning the interest of Mrs. William Fitzgerald of Sheffield Lake, Ohio, concerning an unidentified flying object she saw on 21 September 1958.

Air Force investigators arrived in Sheffield, Ohio, on 3 October 1958, contacted Mrs. Fitzgerald and also initiated other phases of an investigation to possibly evaluate this sighting.

Investigation revealed that a railroad truck was near the home of Mrs. Fitzgerald. The night of Mrs. Fitzgerald's sighting a train passed the house at approximately the same hour of the reported sighting. The train had a rotating headlight which under some conditions would produce unusual effects.

Contact was also made with Chief Boman Mate William Schott of the Lorain Coast Guard Station. Chief Schott reported that he was using his spotlight in an attempt to attract the attention of another ship, and that the light was directed towards shore in the general direction of Mrs. Fitzgerald's home. The time and date of this incident coincide with those reported by Mrs. Fitzgerald. Mrs. Stewart of Lorain, Ohio, a witness listed in Mrs. Fitzgerald's report, couldn't recall anything unusual on the night of the reported sighting. Mr. Greco, another witness of Lorain, Ohio, was not available for interview. The weather at the time of the incident was a misty rain with haze and smoke.

Conclusion of Air Force investigators was that the combination of moving lights, noise of the train and prevailing weather account for the illusion experienced by Mrs. Fitzgerald. The Air Technical Intelligence Center, after evaluating the evidence in this case, concurred with the conclusion of the investigators.


- page 48 -

For your information, I am inclosing the latest Department of Defense fact sheet on the subject of unidentified flying objects, dated 6 October 1958. This fact sheet clearly outlines the Air Force position with respect to unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely,


- page 49 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

NEVER USE FOR APPROVALS, DISAPPROVALS, CONCURRENCES, OR SIMILAR ACTIONS

SUBJECT: CONGRESSIONAL INQUIRY
(Object: 1st Ind of Mrs. William Fitzgerald - Sheffield, Ohio)

MAIL: 69306 (C/M A. D. Burkhart)

SUSPENSE: ASAP - not later than 14 Oct 58

ACTION: Req memo w/proposed reply per HOI 10-20 and indicate AO name & telephone number.

INCLS: 1st fr C/M to AY MAL 2 Oct 58
cy 1st fr Mrs. Fitzgerald to C/M 29 Sept

FROM NAME OR TITLE: DATE: 6 Oct 58
TELEPHONE: 76592

DD FORM 95 (EDITION OF NOV 48 MAY BE USED)


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

HEADQUARTERS AIR FORCE

TO: CARL, Attention
    Aimen French
    Officer Branch
    HQ EAFRENCH

HQ Interest:
    Col Jack A. Sims
    Lt Col Albert H. Burleigh
    Maj Gene Corbin
    Capt Ann Brien
    June Griffith
    Edith Johnson
    Virginia Kocur

Acknowledged by HQ
    Interim through HQ
    Final through HQ

REMARKS OR OTHER GUIDANCE FOR SAFL 101

HOUSE LIAISON OFFICE


- page 51 -

Congress of the United States
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.
October 5, 1953

Office of Congressional Liaison
United States Post Office
P.O. Box 1840, Main Office Building
Washington, D.C.

Attention: Major Curtis

Dear Sir:

This and enclosed I have received a letter dated September 28, 1953 from the Mayor of Sheffield Lake, Ohio.

I am forwarding this to you in accordance with the instructions you gave me that you will find this enclosed and of interest.

I would appreciate your advice and assistance that will assist and accomplish will be given to go Mr. Fitzgerald's memory.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature partially illegible]

Enc:1
215/14476


- page 52 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small dark marker or label on the right side of the page.


- page 53 -

USAF UFO PROGRAM

28 September 1959

I. Brief History.

A. In the fall of 1947 the United States Air Force took official notice of reports of unidentified flying objects, the so-called "flying saucers," because they represented a possible threat to national security, and has become a subject of public concern. The Air Force was designated the responsible agency due to the fact that most of the objects were reported to be flying.

B. On 30 December 1947, the Air Materiel Command at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio was directed to establish a project to collect and evaluate all available fact concerning sightings of unidentified flying objects. The objectives of this project to be as follows:

1. Determine if these objects constitute a threat to national security.

2. Determine if any scientific and/or technical information was available from the sightings.

3. Identify and/or explain all UFO sightings.

C. From 1947 until February 1949, the program was identified as Project "Sign". In February 1949, the name of the project was changed to "Grudge" remaining so until March 1952, when it was further changed to "Blue Book", the present identification. In the summer of 1952, when the intelligence department of AMC took its first step toward growing into what is now the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC), the program was reviewed at the request of Headquarters, USAF. Recommendations which resulted from this review were that reporting, investigation, and analysis procedures be improved where possible.

D. As of 30 June 1959, after 12 years of investigating and analyzing every significant (flying) object which came to the attention of the Air Force has accumulated a file of 6152 cases. The number of reports received numbered more than 800. For many objects were reported by more than one witness, and from different sources. While the general trend of the number of sightings over the past three years has been downward, the totals for the more recent years are still far above the totals for the initial years of the program (TAB-E). The breakdown of the cases since 1 January 1956 is shown on TAB-F. Another factor which adds to manpower requirements is that individual cases are being given more attention by the public, and balloon into a major problem for the Air Force.


- page 54 -

II. Method of Operation.

A. The method of operating the UFO program has been generally the same since its birth, reporting, investigating, analyzing, and public relations. It is only in which agencies of the Air Force have performed such functions. The program as presently conducted under the provisions of AFR 200-2, dated 5 February 1956, is as follows:

1. Reporting - nearest Air Force or other government or military facility submits reports to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center. Some reports are forwarded directly to the Air Force by civil agencies or by private citizens.

2. Investigations are conducted by the air base or station nearest the scene of the sighting either upon receiving the report, or upon being notified of the sighting by the ATIC. In the more unusual or seemingly important cases the investigation, upon ATIC request, is conducted by the 1127th FA Group, an intelligence organization. In some rare instances the investigation is conducted by the ATIC.

3. Monitoring the program, analysis, and maintaining the records is the responsibility of the ATIC.

4. The release of all information pertaining to UFO's, with the responsibility of the Secretary of the Air Force's Information Services (SAFIS).

B. The Program Today.

1. Today one of the major aims in the conduct of this program is to eliminate the defensive attitude which has been allowed to creep into the program's public relations philosophy (the attitude of trying to prove that each sighting is a not a space vehicle of some type).

These aims to be accomplished by a program designed to educate the public. Inform the public that a specific program is an Air Force project. To reorient each, every sighting is not necessarily a vehicle of the Air Force, in the conduct of its overall mission, and that those which and every report of an unidentified flying object indicate a need for further exploitation; due to possible intelligence and/or scientific value will receive this added attention. To strip the arrows of mystery from the program, the haze through which many innocent people have been duped by those who are using the UFO for personal gain.

A panel of experts to advise an attempt to accomplish this goal have been to form a panel of experts to advise in the various aspects of the program. This panel is composed of experts in the following areas:

Physicist
Chaplain
Psychologist
Astronomer
Public Relations

2


- page 55 -

education program, using the media of the newspapers, to inform the
public of the probable causes for those sightings which receive wide-
spread publicity and other general information on the program.

2. To heighten the probability of accomplishment of these
specific goals, the Air Force directive AFR 200-2, dated 14 September
1959, governing this project has been rewritten. The new directive
should improve the reporting, procedures and investigation techniques of
the responsible field organization. A study program has been established
which is designed to publish a sequel to "Project Blue Book" (Special
Report #14), a statistical study of the program covering the years
1947-1952. A panel of experts has been formed to assist with the study
program. The analysis of the more stubborn cases, and to make sugges-
tions as to how the project could be generally improved. This panel is
composed of experts in payetcs, psychology, astronomy, religion, and
public relations. The members of the panel, who volunteer their time,
are from ARDS, SAID, and Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.

3


- page 56 -

These men volunteer their time to this panel. A program is also in the mill to publish a sequel to Special Report #14. The information to be contained in this report is all directed toward the aims outlined above.

The page is numbered "3" at the bottom.


- page 57 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small black rectangular object or marking on the right side of the page.


- page 58 -

Graph of objects sighted and reported to the ATIC from 1947 to 30 June 1959

NOTE: The scope of the curve for the last three years (shown in red) while generally downward still far exceeds in number the objects sighted during the initial years of the program. Extrapolation of the sightings for 1959 through the end of the year would indicate an approximate total of 3/8 sightings.


- page 59 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small black rectangular area on the right side of the page.


- page 60 -

STATISTICS - 1 January 1959 - 30 June 1959

Jan   Feb   Mar   April   May   June   TOTAL

Astro   14    10    15    10     9     7      65
Aircraft   3     5     4     4     4     5      25
Balloon   3     -     1     2     3     1       8
Other   5     2     6     4     4     4      25
Insuff Data   5     5     3     4     4    13      34
Unidentified   -     -     1     1     -     -       2

27    25    29    24    24    30    159

During this reporting period the Aerial Phenomena Group instituted a policy of automatically including all reports of only one witness in the insufficient data category. This is in keeping with good intelligence and scientific precepts - if substantiation cannot be found, this decreases in value the information.


- page 61 -

UFO STATISTICS FOR CALENDAR YEARS 1956, 1957, 1958

                1 Jan - 31 Dec   1 Jan - 31 Dec   1 Jan - 31 Dec   TOTAL    %
                1956    %         1957    %       1958    %

Astro           20      26.3       26      27.7    197    33.4       728    28.50

Aircraft        192     21.6       285     21.2    110    18.6       518    23.00

Balloons        209     26.0       207     17.7     60    11.5       476    19.12

Insuff Data     109     14.1       149     14.1    104    17.6       382    14.56

Other            52      6.8       168     14.3     95    16.1       315    12.53

Satellites       -        -          -       -     11     1.9        11     0.44

Unidentified     17      2.2        20      1.7      5     0.9        42     1.65

                778            1178            590            2546


- page 62 -

The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small "G" labeled tag in the bottom right corner. No readable text is present on this page.


- page 63 -

28 September 1959

TIME AND RESOURCES CHARGED TO PROJECT 5771 (BLUE BOOK)

1. While no accurate measure can be made of the manhours charged to this program, the following is a reasonable estimate gauged on a day to day basis. These estimates were based on known figures locally and on estimates for field allocations to each report received. This estimate was kept for the six months period from 1 January 1959 to 30 June 1959.

Manhours -
Military (Administrative and Scientific)   6861
Civilian                                  3538
Total                                     10,399

If we assume that this rate continues, then we have 20,798 manhours directly attributed to the UFO program during a year.

2. The other additions to overhead which are directly attributable to the UFO program are beyond measure, but to mention a few:

a. TDY funds for investigators.
b. Utilization of Air Force equipment during investigation (cars, etc.).
c. Facilities used for analysis of material reported as part of a space craft.
d. Telephone calls and Twx.
e. Military aircraft for intercept, transport of personnel, and/or equipment.

3. Scientific consultant for the program - the annual average for consultant services has been $1,500 per year for a period of 11 years, or a total of $26,500.

4. As a supplement to the program the Air Force had a statistical study conducted by a civilian contractor in 1952. This study cost the Air Force approximately $10,000.


- page 64 -

28 September 1954

THE AND RESOURCES CHARGED TO PROJECT 5771 (BLUE BOOK)

1. While no accurate measure can be made of the manhours charged to this program, the following is a reasonable estimate gauged on a day to day basis. These estimates were based on known figures locally and on estimates for Field Allocation to each report received. This estimate was kept for the six months period from 1 January 1959 to 30 June 1959:

Manhours -
Military (Administrative and Scientific)   6861
Civilian                                  3538
Total                                     10,399

If we assume that this rate continues, then we have 20,798 manhours directly attributed to the UFO program during a year.

2. The other additions to overhead which are directly attributable to the UFO program are beyond measure, but to mention a few:
a. TDY funds for investigators.
b. Utilization of Air Force equipment during investigation (cars, etc.).
c. Facilities used for analysis of material reported as part of a space craft.
d. Telephone calls and TWX's.
e. Military aircraft for intercept, transport of personnel, and/or equipment.

3. Scientific consultant for the program - the annual average for consultant services has been $1500 per year for a period of 11 years, or a total of $26,500.

4. As a supplement to the program the Air Force had a statistical study conducted by a civilian contractor in 1954. This study cost the Air Force approximately $100,000.


- page 65 -

TAB - A

OBJECT SIGHTINGS
1947 - 1959

YEAR                 # OBJECTS SIGHTED
                     AND REPORTED

1947                 79
1948                 143
1949                 186
1950                 169
1951                 121
1952                 1,501
1953                 425
1954                 469
1955                 404
1956                 778
1957                 1,178
1958                 590
1 Jan - 30 June 1959 159

TOTAL                6,162


- page 66 -

STATISTICS - 1 January 1959 - 30 June 1959

Jan   Feb   Mar   April   May   June   TOTAL

Astro   14    10    15     10    9     7      65
Aircraft 3     5     4      4     4     5      25
Balloon  -     3     -      1     3     1      8
Other    5     2     6      4     4     4      25
Insuff Data 5   5     3      4     4    13     34
Unidentified -   -     1      1     -     -      2

Total   27    25    29     24    24    30     159

During this reporting period the Aerial Phenomena Group instituted a policy of automatically including all reports of only one witness in the insufficient data category. This is in keeping with good intelligence and scientific precepts - if substantiation cannot be found, this decreases in value the information.


- page 67 -

