Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
10 Jul 59

2. LOCATION
Potsdam, New York

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 11/0302 Jul 59
GMT

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual □ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar

5. SOURCE
Civilian

6. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 min.

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2

9. COURSE
1

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
A streak of brilliant light (like light of a welding arc) moving (not constant) about three 2-G long. This thick. There was a haze about 1 ft, and there was a moment. The two appeared to be moving slightly.

11. COMMENTS
Delay in rpt & info given did not warrant follow-up questioning. Sighting too slow for meteor. Possessed characteristics of a/c.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SKP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF

Potsdam, N.Y.
July 13, 1959

Secretary of Defense
Washington, D.C.
Dear Sir:

The following experience and observation is one which I believe should be reported to the proper authorities. On the evening of July 10, 1959, between 8:30 and 9:00, while driving, a friend and I noticed in the sky, considerably above the horizon, a streak of brilliant light (like lightning, but constant) about three feet long; it appeared to be about one inch thick. There was a space of about one foot and then there was a second one. This two appeared to be moving rapidly. My friend said there was a brighter light at the front.

We watched as closely as we could for about ten minutes, but before we could park the car they gradually grew faint and out of sight. They were moving west (at least we saw them in the western sky). Potsdam is in northern N.Y. state.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Handwritten text on the left side of the page is mostly illegible due to the cursive script and image quality]

Newspaper Clipping on the right side:

SAUCERS ARE FLYING THE PACIFIC

SAN FRANCISCO (AP)—Pilots of three Pan American passenger planes reported sighting unidentified flying objects only today as they headed for Honolulu.

Capt. George Wilson radioed that objects with "extremely bright light, surrounded by smaller lights" and traveling very fast, appeared to be bearing down on the plane at an altitude of 21,000 feet. Saturday they veered to the south and disappeared, after about 10 seconds, he said.

Wilson gave his location as about 840 miles from Honolulu, en route from San Francisco, and the time as 6:20 a.m. Pacific daylight.

Capt. Noble Saunders, flying from Los Angeles to Honolulu and Capt. Lt. G. Kelly, whose flight from San Francisco for Hawaii was about half an hour ahead of Wilson, also radioed that they had seen the objects around 6 a.m.

The reports were turned over to military authorities.


- page 3 -

