PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
2 Nov 59

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 02/0900Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual
☐ Air-Visual
☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 mins

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
South

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Oblong obj., approximately 6' long & 4' wide. Golden appearance in center surrounded by a blue reflection. Seemed to be rotating in slow turns. Obj seemed to rise & fall, intermittently disappearing & reappearing.

11. COMMENTS
A check indicates the planet Venus to be approximately 10° above the horizon. The winding road (and possibly uneven surface) could have given the impression of movement of the planet, plus the fact that it was so low on the horizon.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☒ Was Astronomical Venus
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other:
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 53)


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
464th TROOP CARRIER WING (A) (TAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
POPE AIR FORCE BASE, NORTH CAROLINA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: MDO-INT

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: ATIC (Major Friend)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference your telephone conversation of 5 November 1959. Attempts by the undersigned to interview [redacted] in Statesville, N.C. met with negative results. No companion, was also not available for interview. However, the following information was obtained from Editor, Chief of Police, Statesville, N.C., and News Editor of the Statesville (N.C.) Record and Landmark, who had previously interviewed [redacted] and

2. Information is set forth in accordance with par. 15, AFR 200-2:

a (1): Oblong.

(2) Approximately 6 feet long and 4 feet wide.

(3) Golden appearance in center surrounded by a blue reflection.

(4) One

(5) N/A

(6) Seemed to be rotating in slow turns.

(7) None

(8) None

(9) None

b (1) Observer at first thought it was a plane falling.

(2) As observers were travelling South, object was to left and slightly behind at tree-top level.

(3) Unknown, since object disappeared while observers were in restaurant getting someone else to look at object.

(4) Observers were travelling approximately 55 miles per hour; object was alternately behind and ahead of observer, going in the same


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

general direction; object seemed to rise and fall, intermittently
disappearing and re-appearing.

(5) Unknown

(6) 20 minutes

c (1) Ground Visual
   (2) N/A
   (3) N/A

d (1) 020900Z November 1959
   (2) Night

e. Observers were approximately 20 miles north of Statesville, N.C.
   driving south on Highway 90.

f (1) [Redacted], unk, [Redacted] Street, Statesville, N.C.,
   professional gambler, of poor character and reputation (according to Chief
   of Police Ivey).

   [Redacted], unk, [Redacted] Ave, Washington, D.C., professional
   gambler and confidence man, of poor reputation and character (according to
   Chief of Police Ivey).

   (2) N/A

g (1) Clear
   (2) [Wind Direction and Velocity table]
       Surface     300°    5 kts
       5,000       290     30
       10,000      290     40
       16,000      280     55
       23,000      290     75
       30,000      310     90
       50,000      310     90
       30,000      N/A     N/A

   (3) None
   (4) Plus 7 miles
   (5) None
   (6) None

h. None

i. None

2


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

3. M/AV

k. Wing Intelligence Officer, Chief of Police Ivey advised the undersigned that the observers were of general poor reputation and character, and that at first report, he thought they could have been trying to establish an alibi. However, after investigation, he was of the opinion that the observers actually saw something. In view of this statement, I believe that [redacted] and [redacted] did experience a visual phenomenon.

1. None.

[Signature]
RICHARD J. MC GLYNN
Captain, USAF
Wing Intelligence Officer

Mystery Fireball
Causes Sca
STATESVILLE, N. C., Nov. 2—(UP)—A mysterious blue ball of light appeared over the North Carolina countryside before dawn today and frightened those who saw it.

A motorist, Robert L. James of Taylorsville, N. C. said the glowing object "chased" his car several miles. He said it "hovered" over his car "at tree top level" and moved alternately at slow and very fast speeds.

Police said a check of other police departments and the Highway Patrol showed a number of persons saw a similarly described object in the vicinity of Hickory and Salisbury, N. C.

3


- page 4 -

East Coast. --- N.C.

Blue Light- --- Flaming Yellow or
Blue Tall or Light --- Green -

Life Mag. TV. Chain- ---
CPI 3 Nov. 59
Statesville N.C.

Over Country

Taylorsville N.C.

Owner Came Has Car
At Tree Top Level

Police & High Way Patrol
Hickory - Salisbury N.C.
Other Testimonies ---

Capt. McGlynn, Richard J.
464 Troop Carrier Wing (Intell.


- page 5 -

Contacted -
Statesville -
Chief of Police.

0900     3 NOV 59

Object Followed Car.

Police Record -
Cameras
Con men
Bumpo. -
Foot leg. - -
Indicted -

Campbell - Wash. D.C.

Reported in Police Station.
UP!

Constant Surveillance

Unknown in the other places -


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

"of Statesville, N.C. claims that a weird ball of light moved down a local highway in the wee morning hours of November 2nd. The ball had a blue glow around its edges, and came to within a few yards of his car. He was driving near Statesville along a local highway. The UFO was first seen by him at a point it got so close to the point that in"

There is also a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be an object or shape in the top right corner of the document.


- page 7 -

GLOWING OBJECT CHASES CAR IN NORTH CAROLINA

On Tuesday, November 3, several reports were made to law enforcement agencies regarding a mysterious glowing ball of light in the eastern sky about 5 p.m. Weather Bureau officials at the Raleigh-Durham Airport explained these possibly a weather balloon "which they had released at 5 a.m., and when" might have been the "aim" at that time. A State Highway Patrol dispatcher at Salisbury said the object appeared "very large, glowing and will visible in the sky, moving south at about 5 a.m."

Not so easily disposed of, however, was the report of a Taylorsville used car dealer, who reported a "ball of light" which chased his car along a deserted highway at about 1 a.m.—10 hours before the weather balloon was launched. Arriving near Statesville, and observed the object as it came within several yards of his vehicle several times, he said it hovered over the car "just above tree-top level" and moved alternately at slow and very fast speeds. He stopped his car six times to reach time the object stopped, also. During this same time there were reports of the Statesville fireball being observed over a 50-mile radius in the same area.


- page 8 -

