PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
28 Dec 58

2. LOCATION
Niles, Illinois

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☐ Ground-Visual   ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual     ☐ Air-Intercept Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2hr 2 1/2 min

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

9. COURSE
Unknown

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Unid. white obj. appeared as a bright star-like obj. at 1/2 alt. (Civ. was spreading) and disappeared at 1000 MST at a distance of 10 to 20 miles.

11. COMMENTS
Insufficient information for proper evaluation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Probably Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☐ Unknown

ATIC FORM 164 (REV 29 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Light silvery

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Note and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside this drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn circle with an arrow pointing to the right is shown]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? [Blank space for response]
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of this path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
120-150 feet. MAYBE 100 ft.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):    a. Head of a pin    g. Silver dollar
                b. Pea             h. Baseball
                c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
                d. Nickel          j. Basketball
                e. Quarter         k. Other
                f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
                a. Certain         c. Not very sure
                b. Fairly certain  d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? IT GRADUALLY WENT UP
AND DISAPPEARED SOMEWHERE IN A HAZY MISTY CLOUD 12-15 KR

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 3 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on this curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day            Month            Year
I REPORTED TO HOME SINCE THEN

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes     No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
A FEW YEARS AGO ABOUT 10:00 P.M. A BRIGHT
PECULIAR STAR-LIKE OBJECT IN THE SKY AT
ABOUT 11 O'CLOCK HIGH. THEY WENT OUT OF UP.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
THE OBJECT WAS ONE OF TWO THINGS: A ROCKET
OR SOME SORT OF UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT.


- page 5 -

A.F.

About 8 min. at 1200 m/s. I saw a white flying steadily in a way. The progress of the object is shown below.

[The text is partially illegible, and there is a hand-drawn dotted line trajectory sketch on the page.]


- page 6 -

The top left of the page contains a partially legible handwritten text that begins with "Thank you for..." but the rest is too faint or cut off to read completely. There is a large black redaction/censorship block in the center of the document. The rest of the page appears to be blank white space.


- page 7 -

25 May 1959

Dear [redacted]

I refer to your letter of April 23 1959 concerning an Unidentified Flying Object sighting near Niles, Illinois.

Your letter contained insufficient data to allow a valid conclusion. Therefore, I am inclosing U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet which should be completed and forwarded direct to the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

When an evaluation and/or analysis has been completed, you will hear from us.

Sincerely,

Incl                    LAWRENCE J. TACKER
                        Major, USAF
                        Executive Officer
                        Public Information Division

[Address in Niles, Illinois is redacted]


- page 8 -

Page 10

Some text at the top of the page (partially illegible):
"the time from appearance to disapp..."


- page 9 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1000 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 10-20 MILES

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]

ADDRESS Niles, Illinois

TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]

What is your present job? NONE

Age 13 Sex MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school X
b. High school MAINE HIGH SCHOOL
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1 6 '57


- page 10 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may restatements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observations in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]                                                                   (Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:

SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: JUNE 11, 1959

About 8 o'clock on the night of April 22, I was walking out dog and looking for our car. It was on the corner of Oaks and 9th that something inside made me look up. About ten miles to twenty miles distant an object that of a high stellar arc was moving slowly up from the west. What drew my attention was that it made no sound, and its light was so intense it was almost blinding. I now recognize a signal to light up, and we watched. It was time to thinking, so when we went into a room, got down and went then to tell what we saw.


- page 11 -

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any material, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
22 April 1959
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 8 57
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Niles                 Illinois
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 0 2 15
                                        Hours  Minutes  Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
             b. Dull daylight
             c. Bright twilight

d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 53)


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw this object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other?

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know
Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did this object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [handwritten text partially illegible]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        [handwritten text]


- page 13 -

