PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
June-July 59

2. LOCATION
New Guinea

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local: Evening
GMT: varied

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
□ Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual
□ Air-Intercept Radar

□ Ground-Radar
□ Air-Radar

5. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
varied

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
varied

9. COURSE
varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Bright white light, upon hovering appeared to have men moving about on top. Varied rpts of similar description. See rpt for details.

11. COMMENTS
The preparing officer indicates the possibility of the planets Jupiter, Saturn, and Mars being responsible for some of these sightings. US and USSR satellites were also indicated as possibly being responsible. Sky conditions at the time were probably responsible for shapes & other characteristics.

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
■ Other: Insufficient Data
□ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
Originating Agency: Air Attaché, AUSTRALIA                Report No.    1,403,022
PAGE 9 OF 15 PAGES

Appearances of men at 7:00 p.m.
1 & 2

Appearances of men and light shaft at 7:10 p.m.
1, 3, 4, & 2 (in that order)

Appearances of men 1 & 2 and light shaft at 7:12 p.m.

This paper drawn up and signed by chief observers at 7:30 p.m. June 26, 1959.

[Handwritten sketch of mountains and UFO positions]

Positions of UFO's observed from Nicanai Station at 8:28 p.m. and 9:15 p.m.
June 26, 1959. Signed [redacted]

WEATHER: VARIABLE SKY - SCATTERED CLOUDS TO CLEAR AT FIRST BECOMING OVERCAST
AFTER 10:10 p.m.

APPROX. HEIGHT OF CLOUDS - 2000 ft.

NOTE: This determined by relationship of clouds to highest point visible of mountains. As UFO's were often below (under) clouds and their glow gave off a wide halo of light reflected on clouds, it follows that UFO's descended to below 2,000 ft.

The first sighting over the sea seemed not more than 500 ft. above the water at times.

Size of UFO "A" (across) (as appeared)                       Color
Full HAND-SPAN at arm's length (8 inches)                   Dull yellow (perhaps pale
when UFO's at closest.                                      orange), except when moving, then
                                                            very bright. When finally

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the


- page 2 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY: Air Attache, AUSTRALIA
REPORT NO: 1,403,022
PAGE 10 OF 15 PAGES

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO with a blue light is present]

A rough sketch of UFO as observed between 6:55 p.m. and 7:22 p.m. by 38 witnesses at Boianai, T.P. & N.G., Friday June 26, 1959.

This sketch is a "reasonable reproduction of UFO" which was clearly visible and mostly stationary for 25-30 minutes.

Signed: [Redacted]
Teacher
Schoolboy

[Additional sketches of UFOs near Mt. NUANUA and Mt. PUDI]

NOTE:
"B" had 5 panels
of bright
"windows"
on near edge.

SIZES OF UFO'S
(as appeared)
"B" about 4" across
"C" " 1"   "
"B" " 1"   "
" 1/4" deep
"D" " 1/2" across

Four of the five UFO's seen in the sky at the one time between 8:28 p.m. and 9:15 p.m. (as they appeared, "B" was directly overhead)
Signed: [Redacted] - Schoolboy

U.F.O. DATA BOIANAI

Saturday

Large UFO first sighted by [Redacted] at 6 p.m. in apparently same position as last night(June 26, 1959) only seemed a little smaller, when at 6:00 p.m. I called [Redacted] and several others and we stood in the open to watch it. Although the sun had set it was quite light for the following 15 minutes. We watched figures appear on top - four of them - no doubt that they are human. Possibly the same object "Michael" seen last night. Two smaller UFO's were seen at the same time, stationary. One above the hills west, another overhead. On the large one two of the figures seemed to be doing something near the center of the deck - were occasionally bending over and raising their arms as though adjusting or "setting up" something (not visible). One figure seemed to be standing looking down at us (a group of about a dozen). I stretched my arm and waved to our


- page 3 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Originating Agency: Air Attaché, AUSTRALIA
Report No: 1,403,022
Page 11 of 15 Pages

[Text continues as follows:]

surprise the figure did the same. [redacted] waved both arms over his head then the two outside figures did the same. [redacted] and self began waving arms and all four now seemed to wave back. There seemed to be no doubt that our movements were answered. All mission boys made audible gasps (of either joy or surprise perhaps both).

As dark was beginning to close in, I sent [redacted] for a torch and directed a series of long dashes towards the UFO. After a minute or two of this, the UFO apparently acknowledged by making several wavering motions back and forth. Waving by us was repeated and this followed by more flashes of torch, then the UFO began slowly to become bigger, apparently coming in our direction. It ceased after perhaps half a minute and came on no further. After a further two or three minutes the figures apparently lost interest in us for they disappeared "below" deck. At 6:25 p.m. two figures re-appeared to carry on with whatever they were doing before the interruption (?). The blue spot light came on for a few seconds twice in succession.

The two other UFO's remained stationary and high up - higher than last night (?) - smaller than last night.

6:30 p.m. I went to dinner.

7:00 p.m. No. 1 UFO still present but appeared somewhat smaller - observers go to church for Evensong.

7:45 p.m. Evensong over and sky cloud covered - visibility V.L.

10:40 p.m. A terrific explosion just outside the Mission House. Nothing seen. Could have been an electrical atmospheric explosion as whole sky overcast. At 11:05 a few drops of rain. This may or may not have something to do with UFO. The explosion seemed to be just outside the window - NOT ordinary thunderclap - but a penetrating 'earsplitting' explosion. It woke up people on the station.

SUNDAY - June 28, 1959

No sign of UFO 6 p.m.

6:45 p.m. 1 only UFO practically overhead - slightly north - very high, but clearly distinguishable due to hovering.

7:30 p.m. Same UFO - moved to southern position but still more or less overhead.

9:10 p.m. 3 UFO's in almost straight line - all high, sky clear.

11:10 p.m. 8 UFO's - this the greatest number yet seen at one time. One fairly low, but except for occasional hover, no activity seen on board.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a coastline and mountain locations is included at the bottom of the page]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY: AUSTRALIA, Air Attaché
REPORT NO: 1,403,022
PAGE 12 OF 15 PAGES

11:20 p.m. A sharp metallic and loud bang on Mission House roof as though piece of metal dropped from great height. No roll of "object" down roof slope afterwards. Outside 4 UFO's in circle around station. All high.

11:30 p.m. To bed and UFO's still there.

Monday - June 29, 1959

A.M. Roof examined. No apparent sign of mark or dent, which one might expect after last night's noise.

Boianai
June 30, 1959

Dear [redacted]

Have been having further experiences nightly with UFO - counted 1 large and 7 small over Saturday night, 1 large and 2 small Sunday night, 1 large and 4 small Monday night.

Believe it or not, [redacted] exchanged hand signals (before dark Saturday) with the occupants of the "mother" ship a little after 6 p.m. There is no doubt that she occupied by at least 4 men. Assuming that men are the same size as average of earth, I have worked out size of the ship - Top "deck" - 201 diameter) the "mother" - Bottom "deck" - roughly 35'.

Distance of operations, therefore, as we have sighted, have been, at highest altitude 2,500 feet; lowest altitude 450 feet.

That's all for now, must away on patrol.
Yours, [redacted]

P.S. No "human" activity has yet been observed on smaller UFO's, which seem to be disk rather than saucers.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

Date, Monday 6th July, 1959

At about 8:40 p.m. I noticed a white glow through the cloud, similar to that caused by the moon. Position - North West - a few degrees above Gubanawa Point (the Point is about 3 miles from the College).

The glow changed to a brilliant spot of white light. It descended and moved a little to the South. The brilliance faded to a glow and then to a faint glimmer.

After 5 minutes it glowed again brilliantly and moved in a circular motion (see sketch) anticlockwise. Then it moved further south and down until it became obscured by the Point of land at 9:00 p.m.

Through the binoculars I noticed it to be orange in color and shaped like a disk.


- page 5 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
Air Attaché, AUSTRALIA
REPORT NO:
1,403,022

PAGE 13 OF 15 PAGES

This was observed by Mrs [redacted] Rev. [redacted] Rev. [redacted] and more than ten College men.

Movement: Gubanauna Point.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a bay with a curved line and notation]

PAPER SIGNED BY MAJORITY OF WITNESSES AT 7:45 p.m. - June 26, 1959
Signatures of Witnesses of UFO Observed on the night of 26th June, 1959 at Boinani, Papua

[Multiple witness signatures are redacted, with occupations listed as:]
- Teacher
- Teacher
- Teacher
- Medical Assistant
- Medical Assistant
- [Other redacted occupations]

APPENDIX TO REPORT STATEMENT
Dogura, 9th July 1959

Last night I went out of my house between 11:30 and midnight and I saw a bright beam of light shining across the sea near the shore and parallel to the beach.

The light was white and it lit up waves of the sea. I thought it was coming from a boat and so I returned to the house. I heard no noise.

Signed: [redacted] Teacher, Dogura

WARNING: This document


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCL ASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

ORIGINATING AGENCY: Air Attaché, AUSTRALIA
REPORT NO: 1,403,022
PAGE 14 OF 15 PAGES

NOTE:
It is reported that [redacted] was dazzled by a bright white light in night of July 8th (about midnight).

No personal statement has been taken from him by me.

[Redacted] lives on the beach below Dogura Plateau. It is said that he describes the light as originating in the direction of Guvanalba Point and that it lit up the coast line beyond Wedau.

The boat Kekaha (?) was at Wedau wharf on the evening of July 9th. If this information interests you it would be worth checking on the movement and activity of that boat then. Gubanauna Point is roughly 4 miles west of Wedau wharf.

3. The following is an evaluation of the foregoing information by a local interested agency.

REPORT ON THE INVESTIGATION OF UFO ACTIVITY IN THE BOIANAI AREA - NEW GUINEA

a. On Tuesday, 29th December 1959 I visited the [redacted] at his home in Sassafras, Victoria, and discussed alleged UFO activities in the area of Boianai, New Guinea.

b. The [redacted] Mr. [redacted] is a young married man. He is obviously well-educated and has had considerable experience as a missionary/teacher in New Guinea. He stated that until late June 1959 he had not considered UFO's serious and even now was not convinced that what he had observed in the sky were, in fact, UFO's. He aided that he would be prepared to accept any logical explanation for the phenomena. He did not appear to be seeking publicity, and claimed that the report was made public by his superior in Dogura. Further, he implied that the press and flying saucer organizations had distorted some of the facts.

c. Previous Experience of UFO's: Mr. [redacted] stated that UFO's have been seen regularly in the Dogura/Boianai area over a long period and that a number of the white population, including government officials, professional men and missionaries, were taking an active interest in them. The first occasion that he had heard of UFO's operating in the area was in November 1958 when three of his friends in Dogura observed, on two separate occasions, lights travelling at high speed and at high altitude. One of these lights was said to be intermittent. In March/April 1959 he and his wife saw unexplained lights high up near Nurdi, which is some four to five miles south of the mission station, and which is not normally frequented by natives. These lights appeared to switch from one side of the mountain to the other with great rapidity.

d. Sightings of June/July 1959: Prior to the first sightings by the [redacted] he had undertaken a trek in the jungle for a period of ten days. On his return he was informed that one of his native teachers had observed a bright light in the sky, on the evening of the 21st June. Subsequently, over a period of approximately two weeks, the [redacted] observed a series of bright lights in various sections of the sky in the vicinity of his mission station. These lights were also seen by a number of his native staff (refer to copy of report held by you).


- page 7 -

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Originating Agency: Air Attaché, AUSTRALIA
Report No: 1,403,022
Page 15 of 15 Pages

e. On the night of the 25th June the largest of the bright lights had projections along the upper edge which resembled human forms. Although features and clothing could not be distinguished they appeared to respond to hand-waving by the party of observers who concluded that they must be humans. The sighting was unable to take photographs because he had no film at the time of the sightings.

Comments:

f. Many of the white and native population of the area have been seeing bright lights which travel at great speed for some considerable time and are convinced of the existence of flying saucers.

g. Probably the constant light and the intermittent light observed in November 1958 were the USSR and US Satellites. The lights seen by the [redacted] on Mount Purdi, in March 1959, could well have been light from the setting sun reflected on wet or shiny-surface rocks.

h. Although the [redacted] could be regarded as a reliable observer, it is felt that the June/July incident could have been nothing more than natural phenomena colored by past events and the subconscious influence of UFO enthusiasts. During the period of the report the weather was cloudy and unsettled with light thunderstorms. Although it is not possible to draw firm conclusions, an analysis of rough bearings and angles above the horizon does not suggest that at least some of the lights observed were the planets Jupiter, Saturn and Mars. Light refraction, the changing position of the planet relative to the observer and cloud movement would give the impression of size and rapid movement. In addition, varying cloud densities could account for the human shapes and their sudden appearance and disappearance.

4. COMMENTS of Reporting Officer: The villages of Doianai and Welan are located at 10° 05'S - 150° 53'E and 10° 06'S - 150° 03'E respectively.

This office concurs with the conclusions drawn in paragraph h above.

It may be interesting to note that the Minister for Air recently received an inquiry from Major [redacted], representing the National Investigating Committee on Aerial Phenomena, regarding the report and requesting he be furnished a copy. The Minister's office also inquired as to whether the USAF was furnished the report. The Minister is directly advised that our message C-169, 3 December 1959 and AFOIN-36 cite C-130 31 December 1959 contains information upon which reply was based.

[Signature]
LANCE G. SMITH
Major, USAF
Assistant Air Attaché

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:


- page 8 -

RAAF Statement on
Gill Sightings

Representative [of Aus-]
tralia has forwarded a copy of a letter
from Squadron Leader [redacted] in
answer to his letter of 25 January 1960,
requesting information to the RAAF's
conclusions about the sightings (AP
RO Bulletin, Page 1, November 1959
issue). The following is the text of the
letter of 22 February: "Dear Sir, Thank
you for your letter of the 26th January
1960 An officer of this Directorate has
investigated Reverend [redacted] report
of U.F.O. activities in the Biarani area
of New Guinea, and copies of his find-
ings have been submitted to proper au-
thorities. As mentioned in our 114 1/201,
dated 14th February, 1967, such

reports are not releasable to the public.
However, although it is not possible to
reach any positive conclusions, we do
not believe that the phenomena observed
by the Reverend [redacted] had any were
manned space vehicles. An analysis of
bearings and angles above the horizon
does suggest that at least three of the
lights were planets, e.g., Jupiter, Saturn
and Mars. Light refraction, the chang-
ing position of the planets relative to
the observers and the unsettled tropical
weather could give the impression of
size and rapid movements. (Signed)
Yours Faithfully [redacted] (Read
again the report of Mr. [redacted] and Rev-
erend [redacted] see if you can stretch
your imagination to the point where
Mars, Saturn and Jupiter will fly pell
mell across the sky at great speeds,
[rest of text is partially illegible]


- page 9 -

JULY 1959 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

Jul     Red Devil, Alaska                                     Insufficient Data
Jul     Switzerland                PHOTO
1       New Church, Virginia       Multi                      Other (REFUELED OPR)
1       Dayton, Ohio                                          Aircraft
3       Williams Bay, Wisconsin                               Aircraft
4       Weedles, California                                  Other (MIRAGE)
5 of Macao, China                  Military (RADAR)           Insufficient Data
7       New Albany, Mississippi                               Aircraft
7       Emmons, Minnesota                                     Other (ANODE)
7       Houstowntown, Pennsylvania                            Insufficient Data
7       Surfside Pier, South Carolina                         Aircraft
8       Moraine, Ohio               Multi                     Other (REFUEL OPR)
8       Pikesville, Maryland                                  Aircraft
9       SE of Florida & Bahama Islands                        Other (REFLECTION/INVERS)
9       Nitro, West Virginia                                  Other (MISSILE)
9       Chicago, Illinois                                     Aircraft
10      Potsdam, New York                                     Aircraft w/Contrails
10      Oak, Nebraska                                         Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
11      North Pacific (Hawaii)      Mil, Civ, Shipboard, Air  Astro (METEOR)
13      Brazil                                                Insufficient Data
14      New Delhi, India                                      Astro (METEORS)
14      Yakima, Washington                                    Astro (METEOR)
15      Salt Lake City, Utah                                  Aircraft
15      Mooseheart, Illinois                                  Insufficient Data
15      Yakima, Washington                                    Aircraft (REFUEL OPR)
19      Ceresco, Nebraska           Multi                     Insufficient Data
19      Webb AFB, Texas             Military                  Astro (VENUS)
20                                  Military                  Other (SONOBOUOY & SMOKE)
21      New Orleans, Louisiana                                Other (AMUSEMENT PK LIGHT)
21      Berea, Kentucky                                       Insufficient Data
21      Henderson, New York                                   Balloon
22      Madera, California                                    Aircraft
24-25   Yakima, Bellingham, Bremerton, Wash Multi             Aircraft (REFUEL OPR)
25      Iroquedquoit, New York                                UNIDENTIFIED
25      Dayton, Ohio                                          Astro (METEOR)
25      Pensacola, Florida                                    Other (GROUND LIGHT)
28      Corpus Christi, Texas       Unidentified (PHOTO)      Astro (VENUS)
28      S3 of Dayton, Ohio          (Folder)                  Other (SLAG)
28      Dayton, Ohio                (Folder)                  Other (SPOTLIGHT)
28      Atlantic/East of Florida                              Other (MISSILES)
29      Bellingham, Washington                                Aircraft (REFUEL OPR)
30      Andover, Massachusetts                                Insufficient Data

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                   SOURCE                     EVALUATION
Jul     Universe                   Science News Ltr
8       Amager Island, Denmark     Newsclipping               Newsclipping
9       Columbus, Indiana          Newsclipping               Newsclipping
10      Gatwick, England           Newsclipping               Newsclipping
24      Ocean City, New Jersey     Newsclipping               Newsclipping


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

AUSTRALIA
AUSTRALIA (NEW GUINEA)

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

COUNTRY OR AREA REPORTING
ACTIVITY SUBMITTING REPORT
PREPARING INDIVIDUAL

1,403,000
Jan 1960

DATE OF COLLECTION
Air Attaché, AUSTRALIA

20 Jan 60

MANCE C. SMITH, Major, USAF

DATE OF REPORT

21 Jan 60

AIBG 460
(C) Report on Investigation UFO Activity in New Guinea

SUMMARY (Give summary which highlights the salient factors of narrative report. Begin narrative text on AF Form 112. List enclosures including number of copies)

1. Part II of this report contains a report prepared by The Victorian Flying Saucer Research Society, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The report is based on correspondence received from Reverend _______ Mission, Papua, New Guinea.

2. Included also is an evaluation prepared and furnished to this office by an interested local agency.

APPROVED
ANDREW E. MODROW
Colonel, USAF
Air Attaché

[Several stamps and classification markings are visible, including "Cancelled" and "Unclassified"]

DISTRIBUTION:
6002 AISG Det 5 APO 953, S.F., Calif - Dupl M/02
D/I Hqs 13th AF - Dupl M/02

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the...


- page 11 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Originating Agency: Air Attaché, AUSTRALIA
Report No: 1,103,022
Page 2 of 15 Pages

1. Following is a report prepared by The Victorian Flying Saucer Research Society:

The Reverend [redacted] Reports of UFO Activity over [redacted] Mission and Vicinity, Papua, New Guinea, 1959.

a. Introduction to the Boianai Reports: The reports described in the following pages constitute the most remarkable testimony of intensive UFO activity reported to civilian investigation in the entire history of UFO research. The sightings are unique in that, for the first time, credible witnesses have reported the presence of humanoid beings associated with UFO's.

One important aspect of the Boianai incidents is that the UFO's were observed closely by the witnessed for a total period of some hours, accordingly the reports should be examined exhaustively for some clue as to the nature and origin of the craft, and for possible points of correlation with other credible reports.

b. Biographical Details of [redacted]: The Principal Witness: Aged 31 years. Married with two children. Educated Trinity Grammar School, Melbourne, and St. Francis College, Brisbane. Licentiate in Theology. A qualified teacher, he completed over eight years of service as a missionary in New Guinea.

c. Reliability as Witness: VSFRS investigators found and the implications of their presence an obviously deeply interested in UFO's at all times - co-operative and obviously deeply interested. Prior to his sightings he discounted the possibility of their existence as manned craft. He exhibits an impressive scholarly detachment and his objectivity is evident in reading the report which follows within... still remains reluctant to speculate as to the origin or precise nature of the UFO's - at least, until he has had an opportunity to complete some research into the subject.

d. The Corroborative Witnesses: These numbered up to a total of 38 persons during the principal sightings at Boianai, 27 of whom signed the original statement examined by VSFRS investigators. The witnesses were all Papuan natives, several of whom were educated teachers and medical assistants.

e. Background to the Principal Sightings: The Boianai sightings climaxed a relatively short but remarkably acute period of UFO activity in the vicinity of eastern New Guinea. UFO's were observed by both Papuan natives and Europeans. Sightings were reported by educated Papuans and by totally illiterate natives relatively unnoticed by western civilization and quite ignorant of "flying saucers".

f. Types of UFO Sighted at Boianai and Range of Aerodynamic Performance:
(1) Types: Large, manned craft with elaborate superstructure and smaller apparently remote-controlled discs with no apparent protuberances.

(2) Performance: Hovering, pendulum swinging, tremendous spurts of speed. The manned UFO observed on June 27th was seen to cross the Bay at Boianai (approximately 30 miles wide) in less than a second. Even allowing for the admitted inaccuracy of such a calculation made by scientific laymen the range of the UFO's performance is staggering. The reported changes of color and light intensity are especially interesting.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Air Attache, AUSTRALIA                    1,403,022                    PAGE 3 OF 15 PAGES

g. Evaluation of the Boianai Sightings: It is submitted that the following propositions may be cited as established by these sightings:

(1) The principal witness is veracious and psychologically stable. This is admittedly a subjective impression gained by investigators, but is supported by the balance of probabilities arising from a consideration of the witness's professional standing and training. The legion of corroborative witnesses supplies supporting testimony of an objective nature.

(2) The Boianai UFO's are not psychological phenomena. The undoubted psychological element present in some UFO sightings has been demonstrated by Jung in his recent treatise. However, the limits of operation of this factor are still undefind and would appear arbitrary to relegate the Boianai sightings to the category of mass hallucination. The reader is especially referred to Father ████'s prefatory remarks within.

(3) The Boianai UFO's are demonstrably not electrical phenomena, meteors, birds, conventional aircraft, and cannot reasonably be attributed to any of the gamut of accustomed physical rationalizations.

(4) The Boianai UFO's are advanced craft, manned by humanoid beings, capable of a fantastic range of aerodynamic performance.

(5) The Boianai sightings do not PROVE ipso facto that the UFO's are non-terrestrial spaceship; they indicate a strong LIKELIHOOD that they are such.

(6) UFO researchers need no longer enquire as to the NATURE of the UFO's but only as to their ORIGIN.

2. The above report was based on the following series of letters received by VPSRS from Reverend ████████:

Report on Unidentified Flying Objects, Boianai, Territory of Papua and New Guinea, 1959, dated July 14, 1959.

a. Introduction: These reports of observations together with relevant material combine to describe with fair accuracy what is thought to have been a series of activities in the sky at nights over and near Boianai by U.F.O.'s. Main recordings were made on the evenings of June 21st, 26th and 27th.

As chief observer and sole recorder and reporter of the Boianai phenomena on those dates (at Boianai) I would now hesitate to re-state without further long consideration backed by scientific investigation any opinions or theories as expressed in my personal letters hastily written in that period and which are included in this present material. The value (personal) lies in their subjectiveness against what I hope is objective observational data, and in the complete change of mind from scepticism to the conviction that the UFO's as observed by me cannot be explained away in terms of natural phenomena in the light of past knowledge and experience.

Consideration to the following possible factors, however, cannot be overlooked if this paper is to have any value at all as an attempted objective record.

b. Hallucination: Sketches in the body of the report may be figment of imagination or hallucination. Hallucination may have been experienced simultaneously by the 27 eye-witnesses whose names appear on the signature list.


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Air Attaché, AUSTRALIA                   1,403,022                       PAGE 4 OF 15 PAGES

c. Suggestion as an influence to "Witnesses": There may have been undue influence by suggestion of a European observer over a less sophisticated or inexperienced native body; there may have been influence caused by subservience of the native body of "witnesses" towards the European observer.

d. Illusion: It is possible that "freak" atmospheric conditions or subjectives in the part of the observer(s) resulted in a mis-interpretation of natural phenomena.

e. Unreliable Observers: Inexperience in astronomical observation. Ignorance regarding such natural phenomena as falling stars, meteors, comets, electrical disturbances in the atmosphere; the appearance and usual movements of these.

f. Variation in descriptive evidence from different sources: (1) Misinterpretation due to inexperience or faulty observation. (2) Differences in interpretations by individual observers resulting from different experiences. (3) Variation in distances between reliable observers and the phenomena sighted. Independent observers have noted and reported sightings from as far as twenty miles from Boiania, the source of activity.

In absence of scientific investigation into this present report, theory and hypothesis should be made with note to the following relevant facts concerning the conducting of the main part of the observation and execution of procedure in gathering evidence and writing the report.

(a) The sketch of the UFO later in this report was drawn by Papuan observer S[illegible]. It is important in one significant detail from later sketches. The "underseal" is described by him and drawn as showing four "black spots". These markings are replaced in subsequent descriptions and drawings by what appeared to be four straight legs or stands pointing diagonally downwards from the "base" of the UFO.

Can it be assumed therefore that suggestion played no part in respect of this detail upon the minds of observers in subsequent sightings when all, independently thought they saw "legs", though descriptors of the general shape of the "whole" object were in fact much the same?

(b) Drawing up of the report was conducted in the following way:

1. On the night of June 26th immediately following the disappearance of the UFO through cloud, 38 witnesses were brought together into a well-lighted room.

2. On separate sheets of paper three observers, namely [illegible] saw. Each worked in separate parts of the room. Then the sketches were compared and it was found that each resembled the other differing only in size of drawing.

3. Representatives of groups who thought they observed "men" on the UFO wrote their signatures under the respective headings.

4. All observers were briefly addressed by the reporter and given the opportunity of signing a paper stating that a UFO was described in the sketches were seen by them. It was pointed out that they must be truthful and

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C. Sections 793 and 794. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Air Attaché, AUSTRALIA                     1,403,022                     PAGE 5 OF 15 PAGES

sign only if they believed that they saw the UFO as represented by the three drawings. 27 observers of a total of 38 voluntarily signed.

5. The data entitled "U.F.O. DATA BOIANAI" later in this report is a copy of the original recorded during the actual time of observation by the reporter.

6. Diagrams were made by the reporter and signed voluntarily under the same conditions as described in paragraph 4 above except that the signatures are representatives of groups only.

7. The sketches relating to sighting at Gubananna Point were made as part of a written statement by the Res--- College, Dogura. This statement was drawn up by him a few minutes after the observation.

8. The UFO's sighted on 28 June 1959 are significantly different in appearance from any previously described.

NOTE: The reporter not being a mathematician has attempted estimates of size and distances. It is suggested that the measurements should not be regarded as indisputable. In this respect, as result of further practice with hand-measurement as noted later in the report, the reporter has taken the liberty of making alteration to original data. The HAND-SPAN which originally read as 8 inches now reads as five inches. Other estimated measurements should therefore be adjusted accordingly. Signed: [illegible]

Dear [illegible]                                                                    (undated)

Have a look at this extraordinary data. I am almost convinced about the "visitation" theory. There have been quite a number of reports over the months from reliable witnesses. The peculiar thing about these most recent reports is that the UFO's seem to be stationary at Boianai or to travel from Boianai. The Mt. Pudi vicinity seems to be the hovering area. I myself saw a stationary white light twice on the same night on April 8th, but in a different place each time. I believe your students have also sighted one over Boianai. The occasions - again, over Boianai, although I think the Boianara people and they watched it travel across the sky from our direction. I should think that this is the first time that the "saucer" has been identified as such.

I do not doubt the existence of these "things" (indeed I cannot now that I have seen one for myself) but my simple mind still required scientific evidence. I can accept the from-our-space-theory. I am inclined to believe that probably many UFO's are more likely some form of electric phenomena -- or perhaps something brought about by the atom bomb explosions, etc. That I should actually make out a saucer could be the work of the unconscious mind as it is very likely that at some time he has seen illustrations of some kind in a magazine, or it may possible that succors do exist, but it is only a 50/50 chance that they are not earth made, still less that they should carry men (more likely radio controlled), and it is still unproven that they are solids.

It is all too difficult to understand for me; I prefer to wait for some bright boy to catch one to be exhibited in Martin Square.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
ORIGINATING AGENCY: Air Attaché, AUSTRALIA
REPORT NO: 1,403,022
PAGE 6 OF 15 PAGES

Please return this report as I have no copy and I want Nor. to have it.

REPORT ON UFO SIGHTING

Place: Boianai
Time: 1 a.m. Sunday, 21st June, 1959
Weather Conditions: Patches of low cloud, otherwise clear. Moonlight.
Name of Observer: [redacted] Teacher
Description: (as told to [redacted] by the observer June 23, 1959 at Boianai.)

On coming out of the house at one O'clock on Sunday morning (21st June) I saw a bright light (white) silently coming out of the sky from a point about a quarter of a mile out to sea, slightly west of the Boianai station. It descended from what seemed a great height and I watched it for the space of about three minutes moving and descending eastwards and parallel to the coast. It stopped at a point a little to the east of the station and a height of about three hundred feet. There it remained stationary for perhaps half a minute and gradually decreased in brilliance and the shape of an inverted saucer could be discerned, which was tilted slightly backwards with part of the base visible. The object then moved upwards and disappeared from view into the clouds.

When first sighted, I thought it to have been a light similar to those dropped by 'planes during the war.

P.S. Underneath the saucer I saw about four round black spots.
Signed: [redacted] (OBSERVER)

NOTE: All this information was volunteered without any knowledge of previous sightings of UFO's by [redacted], and when questioned afterwards, [redacted] claimed to have heard of "lying saucers". I asked him if he was quite sure the shape of the object was like an inverted saucer, and was not, for instance, the shape of a plate, or like a "sixpence", or "like a ball". He was quite certain in his mind that it was more like a saucer than anything else.
Signed: [redacted] (REPORTER)

[The document also includes a hand-drawn sketch of the UFO's trajectory and location, with notes about Mt. Pudi and Mt. Nuand]

At the bottom of the page, there is a personal note that reads:
Dear [redacted],

Life is strange, isn't it? Yesterday I wrote you a letter, (which I still intend sending you) expressing opinions re the UFO's. Now, less than 24

[Note: The last line is cut off]


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
Originating Agency: Air Attaché, AUSTRALIA     Report No: 1,403,022     Page 7 of 15 Pages

hours later I have changed my views somewhat. Last night we at Boianai experienced about 4 hours of UFO activity, and there is no doubt whatsoever that they are handled by beings of some kind. At times it was absolutely breath-taking. Here is the report. Please pass it round, but great care must be taken as I have no other, and this, like the one I made out will, be sent to Nor. I would appreciate if you could send the lot back as soon as possible.

Cheers, Convinced

P.S. Do you think I should know about this? (name) is at present in the Daga country and will not be returning home until 16th July at earliest). If people think it worth while, I will stand cost of a radio conversation if you care to make out a comprehensive report from the material on my behalf! It's interesting Territory news if nothing else.

June 26, 1959                                U.F.O.                                 Boianai

DATA (1)

SKY                 TIME (p.m.)            Sighted bright white light from front direction N.W.
Patches
of low
cloud;
clear over           6:50                   Call (blacked out)

Dogura and
Menapi               6:52                   (blacked out) arrives. Confirms not star like other
                                             night. Coming closer, not so bright, coming down
                                             600 ft?, orange?, deep yellow?

                     6:55                   Send (blacked out) to call people. One object on top,
                                             move - man? Now three men - moving, glowing,
                                             doing something on deck. Gone.

                     7:00                   Men 1 & 2 again.

                     7:04                   Gone again.

Cloud ceil-          7:10                   Man 1,3,4,2 (appeared in that order). Thin elect,
ing covered                                 blue spot light. Men gone, spot light still there.
sky c. 2000'

                     7:12                   Men 1 & 2 appeared - blue light.

                     7:20                   Spot light off, men go.

                     7:20                   UFO goes through cloud.

                     8:28                   UFO seen by me overhead. Call station people.
                                             Appeared to descend, get bigger. Not so big, but
                                             seemed nearer than before.

                     8:29                   Second seen over sea - hovering at times.

                     8:35                   Another over Wadobuna village.


- page 17 -

UNCLASSIFIED

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
Air Attaché, AUSTRALIA

Report No. 1,403,022                Page 8 of 15 Pages

8:50    Big one stationary and larger - the original (?) Others coming and going through clouds. As they descend through cloud, light reflected like large halo onto cloud - no more than 2000', probably less. All UFO's very clear - satellites? "Mother" ship still large, clear, stationary.

9:05    Nos. 2,3,4, gone.

9:10    "Mother" ship gone - giving red light. No. 1 gone (overhead) into cloud.

9:20    "Mother" back.

9:30    "Mother" gone across sea towards Giwa - white, red, blue, gone.

9:40    Overhead UFO re-appears, is hovering.

10:00   Still there, stationary.

10:10   Hovering, gone behind cloud.

10:30   Very high, hovering in clear patch of sky between clouds.

10:50   Very overcast, no sign of UFO.

11:14   Heavy rain.

1 QA !!!

Data sheet of observation of UFO's 6:45 - 11:4 p.m.
June 26, 1959
Signed: [redacted]

Rough sketch of UFO as it appeared from position of observation:
[A hand-drawn sketch of an elongated oval/disc-shaped object with a "Shaft of Blue Light"]

Notes on sketch:
1 - 4 men clearly seen, appeared in this order at 7:10 p.m. (from waist up)
"men" illuminated.

Appearances of men 1, 2, & 3 at 6:55 p.m.

[Downgraded and declassification stamps at bottom of page]


- page 18 -

