There are no photographs present in the image you provided. Here is the text output from the document:

---
PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE  TIME GROUP                                       2. C (S) ATION
11 July L7    11/20A57                                         Black RivE Falls, Wisconsin
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1/2
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
Landed
8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes  Not in File
[X] No
10. CONCLUSION
Other (HOAX)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The observer phoned the Fifth Army, Chicago, and stated an
object had been found in the Black River Falls Fairgrounds/
A flying disk which was 16 in in diameter, 7 in in thickness,
silver-colored, made of plywood and cardboard, and mounted on
It was a motor propellor, shaft propellor and some radio c-ells.
Was later found out that the observer was charging admission to
see the object.

FTD SEP 63 0-3329 (TDE)
---
Please note that the text might contain errors due to the quality of the scanned document and the inherent challenges of OCR technology.

- page 1 -

There are no photographs present on this page to describe. However, I can provide you with the text from the document:

---
HEADQUARTERS
AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
MITCHEL FIELD, NEW YORK 23 July 1947

IN REPLY
REFER TO:
D333.5

SUBJECT: Flying Discs.

TO : Commanding General, Army Air Forces, Washington 25, D. C.
ATTN: AC/AS-2.

1. Inclosed herewith are the photographs of the reputed flying
saucer referred to in latter from Second Air Force, 333.5, subject,
"Flying Disc", 14 July 1947, with 1st Ind., from this headquarters,
22 July 1947.

2. This contrivance is patently a hoax and should not be digni-
fied by any further consideration from any Intelligence agency, nor
should any further government funds be spent in its transportation.

3. In the event you desire the original contrivance forwarded
to you, please indicate to this office your desiring, otherwise it will be 
held here for a reasonable length of time and then disposed of in the
nearest ash receptacle.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

/s/ [Signature]
R. H. SMITH
Colonel, GSC
Asst Chief of Staff-Intell.

2 Incls:
1-Photo.of "Fly-
 ing saucer"
2- " "
---

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. 

The text in the document reads:

```
Flying Disk.
D333.5 TD (16 Jul 47) 1st Ind.,
HQ AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, Mitchel Field, New York, 22 July 1947

TO: Commanding General, Army Air Forces, Washington 25, D. C.
ATTN: AC/AS-2.

1. Forwarded for your information and utilization.

2. Subject disk is being forwarded under separate cover.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

         [Signature]
R. H. SMITH
Colonel, GSC
Asst Chief of Staff-Intell.

Info Cyl:
AIG, Wright
Fld,Dayton,O.

1 Incl:
n/a
```

- page 3 -

The image provided is a black and white scanned page of a typed document. There are no photographs present on this page.

Below is the OCR text output from the document:

```
ADDRESS REPLY TO:
COMMANDING GENERAL, SECOND AIR FORCE
OFFUTT FIELD, OMAHA, NEBRASKA

ATTENTION:

HEADQUARTERS SECOND AIR FORCE
OFFUTT FIELD
FORT CROOK, NEBRASKA

16 July 1947

SUBJECT: Flying Disk

TO: Commanding General, Air Defense Command, Mitchel Field, N.Y.

1. At 1445, 1 July 1947, Colonel Sisbert, A-2 Division, Fifth
Army, Chicago, telephoned me and stated substantially as follows: A
Mr. E. H. Schaffer, Civil Air Patrol, Black River Falls, Wisconsin,
telephone 2368, had just telephoned Headquarters Fifth Army instead
that there had been found in the Black River Falls Fairgrounds a flying
disk, description of which was substantially as follows: 15 inches in
diameter, 7 inches in thickness, silver colored, made of plywood and
cardboard, and he had lent his was a motor propelled machine placed kind
some rado calls. I immediately contacted Colonel Dahord, Chiefs of Staff,
Second Air Force, and suggested to him that I telephone Mr. Schaffer and
have him ship collect to this Headquarters the flying saucer. Colonel
Dahord agreed and the call was placed to Black River Falls at 1500. About
a half hour later, the telephone operator informed me that Mr. Schaffer
had departed for Milwaukee and he could be located in that city after
1530 at Broadway 4121. I asked the operator to inform Mr. Schaffer
my (in Milwaukee as soon as it was possible, that day and the following
day (Sunday) our efforts to contact Mr. Schaffer were to no avail. At
about noon Saturday, I phoned the Chief of Police----
Riyer Falls and he stated that he, along with a few other people
in and near Black River Falls had seen the flying saucer, as it had been
on display and admission of 50¢ per person was being charged to view it.
Mr. Young told me that the disk was at the moment locked in the vault at
the local bank and could not be gotten to until, the vault was opened at
about 9.00 o'clock Monday morning, 14 July.

2. Mr. -------- stated that agents from the Federal Bureau of Inves-
tigation from Milwaukee had flown to Black River Falls in a chartered
airplane and inspected the disk, stated that in their opinion it was a hoax,
and had returned to Milwaukee.

The next day I placed a call to the Commanding Officer at the
575th AAF BU, at Wold Chamberlain Field, Minneapolis. Colonal Sanders
was not there at this moment, and I talked with Carney, the OP Officer
the Day, to whom I gave the salient facts covering the flying platter,
and told him of my conversation with Mr. Young, Chief of Police at
Black River Falls. I told Lt Carney to tell Colonel Sanders to try to
follow Flying Disks the following morning and carefully examine the object
arrangements and to communicate with me as to the possibility of its being
a second report on the sequence of disclosures ranging from practical joke
airplane one flying disk.
```

- page 4 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of a document with typewritten text. Below is the output of the text present in the document:

---
4. The disk has been examined by the Commanding General, Second Air Force, and members of his staff and is being sent under separate cover to you. Immediately upon receipt of the mail you were, I attempted to telephone Colonel Sanders (A-2, Fourth Army) who was in Milwaukee, but I did talk with Major Walton, Administrative Division, A-2, Fifth Army; told him that the flying disk was in my possession, was being sent to Commanding General, ADC, that I would furnish him a copy of this letter.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:
W. R. SWEEEEY
Colonel, GSC
Asst Chief of Staff, A-2

Incl:
Cy ltr dtd 14Jul47 fr
Lt Col E.J.A. Sanders Jr,
137th AAF BU to Col
Sweaney

91279
---

- page 5 -

The image provided is a scanned page from a document, but it does not contain any photographs. Here's the output of the text found in the document:

---

HEADQUARTERS
LYNNE AIR FORCE BASE, ADC
VPOD AFP 18 (3rd AF) 
WINNEBAGO 3, MINNESOTA

14 July 1947

Colonel William F. McKinely
Asst't Chief of Staff, M & OP
Headquarters, 8th Air Force
Office Field
Fort Crook, Nebraska

Dear Colonel McKinely:

In accordance with your directions (phone conversation between yourself and Lt. Trepoy, this Base, 1200, 10 July 1947), I flew down to Black River Falls, Wisconsin this date and acquired the general "Flying Disc" which was reported to have landed in that vicinity. The following facts connected therewith are presented:

1. Finder of the "Flying Disc".
2. Place: Jackson County Fairgrounds, Black River Falls, Wis.
3. Time and Date: 1150, 10 July 1947.
4. Witnesses to the finding: 

_____[Redacted]

Both of Black River Falls, Wisconsin.

5. According to Mr. _____, the Finder, the "Flying Disc" was reported down in Flim Gorge near Black River Falls at the morning of July 1947. That afternoon, Mrs. _____, while walking on the location given by _____, found what is believed to be a "Flying Disc" laying high in some brush and off the terrain. The two aforementioned witnesses were with him as the finding. None of these three state that they have ever heard the contraption in flight. It is interesting to note, particularly after examining the "Flying Disc", that Mrs. _____ is an electrician employed by the city of Black River Falls.

I will not attempt a description of the metal material of as its indication along with its airway is rather complicated. Around the manner not only at every model with the pieces found in the first seat all unweild wielded there many screws, stainless steel pins still lodged on one end bear in the city machine emblem that was stencilled with the color of one person were locked. inscribed by Younis. Chief of Belly, who contacted the 79th Test Section and should set out to look over the material.

EJC:ms
EJC:lj
BAS:ddh
BAS:lb

82773

---

This is a reproduced text from the image and should be verified against the original document for accuracy.

- page 6 -

There are no photographs in the image provided.

As for the text in the document, here is the transcription:

```
Ltr to Colonel William R. Sweeney, 14 July 1947.

I was unable to contact Mr. Young personally as he was out of town on 
business. The facts outlined herein were gathered primarily from Mr. ———
——— himself. A few comments were obtained by qssthing the ——— of the town 
people. All opinions were more or less the same, that is, it was the general
Mcarthy. I, for one, after examining the "Flying disc" and considering the 
source of most of the information on it cannot believe that follows that 
this ———— will ———— ———.

EDWARD R. SAUNDERS, JR.
Lt. Colonel, Air Corps
Commanding
```

- page 7 -

