There is no photograph present in the image provided. The document appears to be a form with several fields filled out, however, the image is very low-resolution and faded, impacting the ability to perform accurate optical character recognition (OCR). Here is the text I can discern from the document:

(C)[ILLEGIBLE]
(TYPE OF MESSAGE)
DATE OF INFO - JULY [ILLEGIBLE]
SOURCE
EVALUATION
DATE OF REPORT
PLACE OF INFO - ANCH[ILLEGIBLE]
NAME, TITLE AND AD[ILLEGIBLE]
[ILLEGIBLE] OR NN[ILLEGIBLE]
COLOR: [ILLEGIBLE]
SPEED MILES OR [ILLEGIBLE]
ALTITUDE LESS THAN [ILLEGIBLE]
LENGTH OF TIM OBSERVED: [ILLEGIBLE]
TYPE OF OBSERVANCE: [ILLEGIBLE]
MARKINGS [ILLEGIBLE]
[ILLEGIBLE] SERVICE: 793
----------
Preceding ATIC Form 329
(14 Jun 52)
--------------------------
UNCLASSIFIED
(REST Of CONTENT ILLEGIBLE)

Please note that due to the quality of the image, accurate extraction of the text is difficult. If there is specific information you need that I wasn't able to decipher from the image, having a clearer image would enable better assistance.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present on the page you have provided. The text in the document is quite faded and challenging to decipher entirely, but I will transcribe as much as I can discern:

```
UNCORR[ILLEGIBLE]        [ILLEGIBLE]/SECRET
[Illegible]
[Symbol or Letter]O [Illegible] July 47
[Illegible]
5[Illegible]
5X[Illegible]
BY [Illegible]
[Illegible]
[Illegible] B[Illegible]
CONDITIONS [Illegible]
C[Illegible] A [Illegible]
[Illegible]
[Illegible] offi[Illegible]
[Illegible]
October [Illegible]
ATE [Illegible]
[Illegible] 
[Illegible] L[Illegible]
NUMBER OF OBS[ILLEGIBLE]CTION
[Illegible]
MANEUVER [Illegible]
Objects moved [Illegible] [illegible]
One, distinct [Illegible] [Illegible]
Very high altitu[Illegible]
Fading distance [ILLEGIBLE]

[Illegible]                                                
```

Please note that the text is not complete and contains many illegible sections due to the quality of the scan and the faded condition of the document. If there are key sections you are interested in, having clearer images or scans may help in providing a more accurate transcription.

- page 2 -

There are no photographs present on this page, only text and redacted/blackened out sections.

The readable text from the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #2, 2a -- [REDACTED], California -- 8 July 1947

No astronomical explanation is possible for this incident.

The object's slow speed and apparent size suggest aircraft under unusual flight conditions, but the factors against this interpretation.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As requested, here is the transcription of the text from the document:

```
ARMY AIR FORCES
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT CHIEF OF STAFF, A-2
Intelligence

Hamilton Field, California

TITLE: Investigation of Flying Disc.

FILE NO. 200-203-

DATE 3 August 1947.

INVESTIGATION MADE AT Muroc Army Airfield, California

CONTROLLING OFFICE Air Defense Command, Mitchel Field,
PERSON RESPONSIBLE ------dtd 3 Aug, 1947.
CASE CLASSIFICATION Pending
STATUS OF CASE Pending

REASON FOR INVESTIGATION: Investigation initiated at request of Air Defense Command reference ltr Hq ADC, dtd 7 Jul 47, file D333.5 ID, subj Investigation of Flying Disc.

SYNOPSIS:

On 8 July 1947, approximately 1000 hours, two incidents occurred in the vicinity of Muroc Flight Test Base.

No further investigation of these incidents is being considered by this headquarters.

DISTRIBUTION      COPIES       APPROVED:
AF                  2           
AC/AS               1         DONALD L. SPRINGER, Lt. Col., AC
                 (Intelligence) 
6th Army            1           AG 333.5, dtd
PAL                 2           10 Oct 45, ltr5
PAC                 1
4th AF              1

UNCENSORED

T.D. 2-5-224, O.D. Form No. 110
(This form supersedes A. R. No. 5, Form No. 19, which
will not be used upon receipt of this revision)
```

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image you provided. The document appears to be a typed checklist from Project Blue Book regarding an unidentified flying object sighting. Here is the text present in the document:

```
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS                            Incident # 2a

1. Date 8 July 1947

2. Time Approximately noon

3. Location Muroc Army Air Field, Muroc, California.

4. Name of observer Col Gilkey to Capt Black

5. Occupation of observer Commanding Officer, Muroc Army air Field, Calif.

6. Address of observer Muroc AAF, Muroc, California.

7. Place of observation Ground

8. Number of objects one (1)

9. Distance of object from observer not stated

10. Time in sight not stated

11. Altitude not stated

12. Speed not stated

13. Direction of flight not stated

14. TacticsThe object Col Gilkey saw he stated he believed at the time to be
paper and of no significance or the object not important enough to be rep-
orted.
SOUND not stated
15. Size not stated

16. Color not stated

17. Shape not stated

18. Odor detected not stated

19. Apparent construction

20. Exhaust trails not stated

21. Weather conditions not stated

22. Effect on clouds not stated

23. Sketches or photographs none

24. Manner of disappearance not stated         UNCLASSIFIED

25. Remarks: The following is a statement given orally by Colonel Gilkey,
to Captain Harry D. Black, Intelligence officer on 11 August 1947.
Colonel Gilkey, stated that the object he saw, he believed at the time to be
paper and of no significance or the object not important enough to be repor-
ted similar clearance through channels, Task accumulation.
```

Please note that the original document includes some words that are partially cut off or illegible due to the quality of the scan or the age of the document. I have tried to reproduce the text as accurately as possible based on what is visible in the image.

- page 5 -

The image you have provided does not contain any photographs.

As an OCR system, I would output the text as follows:

```
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS           Incident # 2.

1. Date 8 July 1947

2. Time Approximately noon

3. Location Muroc Army Air Field, Muroc, California.

4. Name of observer Major Richard R. Shoop

5. Occupation of observer Employed in Office of Chief of Tech. Engineering Div
                                        Major -

6. Address of observer Muroc Army Air Field, Muroc, California.

7. Place of observation Ground

8. Number of objects One (1)

9. Distance of object from observer Five (5) to eight (6) miles.

10. Time in sight Eight (5) minutes

11. Altitude Fairly high altitude

12. Speed Slowly

13. Direction of flight North

14. The object moved from an intermediate altitude in an oscillating 
Tactics fashion, almost to the surface of the ground and then started
climbing again.

15. Sound not stated

16. Size pursuit airplane

17. Color aluminum colored surface

18. Shape unconventional shape

19. Odor detected not stated

20. Apparent construction apparently metallic

21. Exhaust trails not stated

22. Weather conditions not stated                    UNCLASSIFIED

23. Effect on clouds not stated

24. Sketches or photographs none

25. Manner of disappearance moved off slowly in the distance

26. Remarks: At approximately noon on 8 Jul 1947, Major Shoop, the
attention of Col. Gilkey, observed five (5) to eight (6) miles to the north
what appeared to be a thin metallic object. It appeared to be metallic
because the method in which it was flying, the sun was reflected from an
apparently aluminum colored surface.
```

Please note that some numbers in the text seem inconsistent, such as "Eight (5) minutes" for the time in sight and "five (5) to eight (6) miles" for the distance, which may be the result of errors in the original document or during the scanning process.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a photocopy of a typed document. Here is the text from the document:

```
2/Ltr from A/C
dtd 5 Jan l949  
Subj: Project  
"SIGN"  

1st Ind         21 Jan 1949

HZAQRS, AIR WEATHER SERVICE Andrews Air Forc Base, Wash-
ington 25, D. C.

TO: Commanding General, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson  
Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio  
ATTN: MCIAO

Investigations by this headquarters reveal that a synoptic 
weather balloon could have been at the location where sightings 
were reported in the following incidents. In compiling this  
list consideration was given to the wind direction and speed at 
the surface and aloft at the scheduled time of balloon release, and 
the location of the nearest weather station making balloon obser-
vations. 

   2       52        91       126
   3       72        93       145
   4       73        95       155
  25       78       105       166
  23       81       113       169
  36       87       115       172

                          FOR THE CHIEF AIR WEATHER SERVICE
-------------------------------------------------------------
2 Incls.                                  /s/ H. A. West
n/a                                         H. A. WEST
                                            Lt. Col., USAF
                                            Adjutant General
```

- page 7 -

The image provided is extremely faded and blurry, which makes it quite challenging to discern any distinct details. There is no photograph within the image; it appears to be a page of text or a form with lines and some handwritten annotations. Due to the poor quality and lack of clear text, I am unable to provide a transcription or accurately reproduce any text from the document.

- page 8 -

There are no photographs present in the document image provided.

The text of the document reads as follows:

With 12[XX] incidents thus eliminated, there remain thirty-four 
which contain some evidence but have no apparent reasonable explanation.
This statement is true only under the assumption that the evidence is
accepted as reliable and accurate. When psychological and physio-
logical factors are taken into consideration, all of these incidents 
can be explained rationally, as pointed out by Rand Corporation and
in. Fitts of Air Materiel Command Aero-Medical Laboratory (See Appendixes
"E" and "G").

Air Material Command Aero-medical Laboratory (Dr. Paul M. Fitts
212 Incidents considered)

There are sufficient psychological explanations for the reports of 
unidentified flying objects to provide plausible explanations for re-
ports not otherwise explainable. Those errors in identifying real
stimuli result chiefly from inability to estimate speed, distance, and 
size.

All of the remaining 34 incidents are treated in detail in this
report. These incidents form no pattern in regard to area of sighting,
type of object, or manner of operation. The reported details of si-ze,
color, that some sightings were influenced by earlier reports, and 
probably would not have been considered unusual or reported had there
been no publicity.

APPENDIX I

Project Grudge

Summary of AMC Evaluation of Remaining Reports

VII. Summary of A/C Evaluation of Remaining Reports

The remaining unexplained incidents (see Appendix "III") exhibited
few common characteristics. Two of them, by statements of the reporters,
would not have been made if the witnesses not read of the Mt. Rainier
incident (Incident No. 17). Most were distributed without pattern
throughout the United States. A few were outside the U. S. Two
descriptions of appearance or performance were exactly alike. The re-
ported sightings occurred at various times of day and year.

APPENDIX I

In the following section of this report, each remaining unexplained
incident is considered separately. It is not the intent to generally discredit
the character of observers, but the case has undesirable elements, and those
cannot be disregarded. The numerical designation is merely the categorical
order of the incident in the project files.

(..) 10, 17, 21, 29, 35, 37, 40, 51, 58, 62, 64, 68, 71, 75, 76, 77, 79, 84,
111, 122, 134, 135, 151, 152, 154, 162, 163, 176, 133, 136, 193, 207, 215, 236.

The text in the image is somewhat blurry and faded, making some parts difficult to read (indicated by [XX] or ellipses), but this is a transcription of the legible content.

- page 9 -

There are no photographs present in this image. It contains only text and what appears to be a border of some sort at the bottom edge. Following your instructions, I'll act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

---

Incident No. 1 — 6 July 1947, 0930 hours local, Muroc Air Force Base.
Four witnesses, all observed two silver disc like or spherical objects against
a clear bright sky. All witnesses estimated the size at about 300 feet, and
the speed between 300 and 1400 MPH. It is possible to estimate distance and
speed of an object within a fair degree of accuracy if the size is known. The
distance is judged in this instance (see and 2) upon on estimates of distance
plus angular change on the horizon (see figure B, and C). In this incident, no
size could not be known, owing to the fact that the object was not identified.
The time in sight and angular distance traveled were not given. However, the
First witness stated he sighted the objects at 0930, and the last witness said
he was called to view the objects at 1000. Time in sight is therefore assumed
to be at least one-half hour. The objects were reportedly traveled in a tight
line. Taking the median reported speed (350 MPH), the objects must then have
traveled 175 miles while in sight. If the objects were such proportions as
to be seen at that distance, it is believed that more details could have been
observed at the first sighting; i.e the actual shape, distortion of body caused
by thrust, etc, rather than the more general remark that two objects
are.

A few moments previous to the sighting, the first witness
was engaged in conversation, quoting the witness, "my part in this
conversation was as follows: 'Someone will have to show me one of
those discs before I will believe it.'"

The statements of the three other witnesses were made to
the first witness, all three agree almost identically with the first.
It is probable, therefore, that their evidence was influenced by
suggestion.

A/IC Opinion: This report is a result of misinterpretation of the
nature of real stimuli, probably research balloons.

---

- page 10 -

The image appears to contain a portion of a document with text and some markings or redactions. There's no clear photograph in the traditional sense within the image; however, there is a partially obscured object at the top that might be an attempt to depict something, although it's not discernible as a photograph due to the quality and presentation. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the output of all the text in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #1, lo, ld, le -- Maroo, California -- 3 July 1947

No astronomical explanation for this incident is possible.

It is tempting to explain the objects as ordinary aircraft
observed under unusual light conditions, but the evidence of the
"tight circle" maneuvers, if substantial, is strongly contradictory.
This incident must be judged with reference to other similar inci-
dents, which probably have a common explanation.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 11 -

There are no photographs present on this page, just some redacted parts.

Here is the text as an OCR would output:

```
D

UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #80 -- Arlington, Virginia -- 7 July 1947

There is nothing in the description of this incident
that contradicts an explanation of the object as a slow-moving,
bright meteor. Slow-moving meteors are generally observed before
midnight.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 12 -

The image provided is a scanned document page with significant fading, making much of the text difficult to decipher. There is no photograph present in this image. Below is the text that is readable and can be reasonably transcribed from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
1. Date: June 24,
2. Time: 0915
[...]
Electromagnetic effects on radio - static at 0857 & 0915 MST
[...]
5. Occupation of observers: Two- Eastern Airline Pilots
[...]
7. Place of observation: [...] County [...] 8. Number of objects: Three
[...]
10. Time in sight: 15
[...]
Altitude: Between 10000 & 6000 ft.
[...]
Speed: 550-600 M.P.H.
[...]
12. Direction of flight: Northeasterly
[...]
14. Shape: [...] or disc shaped.
[...]
Odor detected: None
[...]
From report confirmation:
Estimated scientifically impossible
[...]
Remarks: [...] Officer in charge of [...] Chance [...] Air Force (Base)
```

Due to the degraded quality of the document and the illegible portions of text, only snippets are provided here. Some sections are insets or fragments of words and phrases that cannot be confidently completed.

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a heavily blurred and distorted page of text, with no photographs visible. Due to the quality of the image, optical character recognition (OCR) would likely be extremely difficult for a standard system. However, I'll attempt to reproduce any legible text. Keep in mind that due to the condition of the document, much of the text might be missing or illegible:

---

[ILLEGIBLE TEXT]

---

Unfortunately, the quality of the image is such that the details are unreadable, and thus I am unable to accurately transcribe any text from the document. If you have a clearer image or need assistance with other documents or information, feel free to share and I'll do my best to help.

- page 14 -

The image appears to be a highly deteriorated, blurry, and faded page from a document. There is no clear photograph in this image; instead, it seems to be a text-based page. However, the text is mostly illegible due to the poor quality of the scan. I will attempt to transcribe any legible text, but please note that the poor quality may result in incomplete or incorrect transcription:

1. ?
2. OBS
3. Location: Muroc AAF Muroc, Calif
4. Date of obs... 1st, Lt. Joseph C. McHenry
5. Occupants of aircr... Military Observer: C George, Muroc AAF
6. Number of objects:
7. Time of obs... on or about _____ hours, ____
8. Number of objects: 2 at first, 1 sometime later
9. Distance of object from observers:
10. Length of obs... /5
11. Altitude about 8000 ft.
12. Speed... 300 MPH
13. ...
14. Headed: ...
15. Tactic: ...
16. Sound: ... /5
17. Color: _ /5
18. Shape: disc-like or spherical
19. Odor detected: /5
20. Apparent construction... /5
21. Exhaust trails... /5
22. Weather condit... /5
23. Effort to signal... /5
24. Source of eval... /5
25. [Signature or indication of confidentiality]

Due to the eroded nature of this document, significant portions of the text are missing or unreadable, and no definitive translations can be provided. Please treat this transcription with caution, as it may contain inaccuracies.

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a photocopy of a document, and there are no photographs present within the image. The text is exceedingly faint and not fully legible, but I will transcribe as much as I can decipher:

"...off to Redmond Hill... object to ground which was too high...
...that Captain... could hear... object, which was still in sight...
...darker... direct his vehicle... square-shaped object...
...the object was... phone... insisted on classifying it...
...flying saucer... distance was... of about 1000 ft...
...objectionable... between 500 to 1000 ft altitude of about 1500 to...
...could hear a... sound and is positive that it was not...
... because..."

"In view of good visibility and the competence of the observer this..."

Evaluation: Confirmed by radar contact.

UNCLASSIFIED

Given the quality of the scan, the above transcription is incomplete and gaps have been indicated by ellipsis (...) where the text is illegible. The context suggests it is a part of a report discussing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting, including a mention of "flying saucer," and that radar contact appears to have been used for confirmation. The word "UNCLASSIFIED" is clearly visible at the bottom of the page.

- page 16 -

The image you provided is a heavily redacted and faded document. There is no photograph visible, but there are numerous text fields, many of which feature redacted content. Below is the OCR output of the text found in the document, where legible:

1. Date: 8 Jul 47
2. Time: 1600
3. Number...: [redacted]
4. Location: Muroc Army Air Field, Muroc, Calif
5. [redacted]
6. Name of observer: [redacted]
7. Occupation of observer: [redacted]
8. Address of observer: [redacted]
9. Place of observation: Ground, Muroc
10. Number of objects: 3 – two the first time 1 later
11. Distance of object from observer: 7/8
12. Time in sight: 7/15
13. Altitude: About 8000 FT
14. Speed: 300 to 400 MPH
15. Direction of flight: North-west to ward telegraph cove
16. Tactics: First maintained straight horizontal course then aft
performed a tight circle
17. Sound: None noises heard on phone such as would come from any
aircraft
18. Size: 1/5
19. Color: Silver
20. Shape: Disc
21. Odor detected: 7/15
22. Apparent construction: 7/15 [apparent] machine
23. Exhaust trails: 7/15
24. Weather conditions: Slight
25. Route to weather: 7/15
26. Remarks: 1 altitude by [redacted] the di[stance]
27. Remarks: [redacted] sketched by [redacted] together with 7/15

The nature of the actual content, where visible, suggests it could be part of a report describing a sighting of unidentified flying objects with specific details about the observation. The numbers written as fractions (such as 7/15, 7/8) may refer to handwritten notes in the margin or a specific coding or rating system that is not explained in the visible portion of the document. The heavy redactions obscure much of the personal and potentially sensitive information.

- page 17 -

The image displayed does not contain any discernible photographs. It appears to be a heavily obscured or degraded document, and much of the text is illegible due to the poor quality of the scan.

Due to the nature of the image, performing OCR to produce an output of all the text found in the document is not possible as the text is not clear enough to be accurately transcribed.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a poorly scanned document with very faint text and some markings. Due to the quality of the scan and the faintness of the text, it is not possible to accurately transcribe the contents of the document as it is illegible. The only discernible text is the date marked in the top right corner, "20 July 47." If there is a better quality image or more context provided, I could attempt to provide further assistance.

- page 19 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is a scanned page with text and redacted sections. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #757 — between Nova Scotia and Newfoundland — 20 July 1947

This incident and #765, which occurred in the same vicinity just three days apart, do not fit into the usual description pattern. In both cases, information about is poor, and in both cases the meteoric hypothesis cannot be completely ruled out, yet the objects could have been rockets or even freak natural streamers or brush discharge from ionized dust clouds. In any event, it seems unlikely, although it is not impossible, that the objects seen in this incident were meteors. The even spacing of the flashes argues strongly against the meteoric hypothesis.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 20 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

As an OCR system, here is the output of all text found in the document:

```
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

1. Date 10 July 1947

2. Time 1700

3. Location Harmon Field, New Foundland

4. Name of observer 

5. Occupation of observer Pan American Airways

6. Address of observer Pan American Airways, Harmon Field, Newfoundland

7. Place of observation Between Harmon Field and Stephenville Crossing
                         coming over the hill

8. Number of objects 1

9. Distance of object from observer Not stated

10. Time in sight XXXXXXXXX Split Second

11. Altitude XXXXXXXXX Between 5000 to 10,000 Ft

12. Speed Normal rate

13. Direction of Flight North North East

14. Tactics Travelling horizontal

15. Sound Not stated

16. Size About the size of a 54 or a Constellation

17. Color Translucent

18. Shape Disk like a wheel

19. Odor detected Not Stated

20. Apparent construction disk

21. Exhaust trails Not Stated appears 15 to 20 miles Turn

22. Weather conditions Very clear and clouds very scattered

23. Effect on clouds Opposite the clouds as it went through the air.

24. Sketches or photographs none

25. Manner of disappearance 

26. Remarks: (OVER)
                                                      [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                      [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                      U-30776-A
```

The redactions and the illegible parts have been left as they appear in the document.

This text represents a standard reporting form used in the Project Blue Book investigations to document sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

- page 21 -

The image provided is a scanned document and does not contain a photograph; instead, it features two redacted sections that have been blacked out, preventing the visual content from being identified.

The visible text in the document is as follows:

"I did see one of the so called "flying disks" or other objects on
10 July at approximately 1700. we were coming back from a fishing trip, and
saw what I had between two cumulus clouds. This occurred over
a space between Walla Walla and the "trestro"/"trestle" over snake river.
The river was behind, it was very clear and the clouds were very scattered.
I did say the approximately altutude of the clouds was from 3000 to 10,000 feet.
The object appeared to be a translucent disk-like wheel traveling at a
terrific rate of speed and opened the clouds as it went through the air. The
disk was travelling horizontial. It appeared to be about the size of a 50 or
Centieilation. It cleared the clouds out abvout half mile. It cut a clear notch
right through one cloud. It left a trail dusky bluish in color similar to old
power lights. The trail was approximately 15 to 20 miles long."

Please note that certain words were difficult to decipher due to the scan quality, hence the uncertainty in transcription for words like "trestro"/"trestle".

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image.

As requested, here's the text contained in the document:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED
INTELLIGENCE OFFICE
1352nd AAF BASE UNIT (OSH) ADC
STEWART FIELD, NEWBURGH, NEW YORK
c/o Postmaster, New York, N. Y.

SUBJECT: Kodachrome Film of Flying Discs or Other Airborne Objects Trail.

TO: Commanding General,
Atlantic Division, ATC
Fort Totten, Long Island, N. Y.
ATTENTION: Lt. Col. James H. Brewster, Jr.
Assistant Chief of Staff, Intell.

1. Transmitted herewith three (3) rolls of Kodachrome Film belonging to [REDACTED] Pan American Airways.

2. Mr. [REDACTED] states that on one of the three (3) rolls there are two (2) pictures of a Flying Disc's or other airborne Object's trail, taken on 10 July 1947.

3. The Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Newfoundland Base Command directed that this film be transmitted to your Headquarters for processing and further disposition, and that T.I.C. have been dispatched giving further information from Headquarters, Newfoundland Base Command.

4. According to the statements of the observers, the object itself may not be on the film, but its trail, which is said to have been bluish black, or the object's effect on the cloud formations, will appear on the photographs.

5. Request that the rolls of film be returned to [REDACTED] after they have served their official purposes.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

WILLIAM H. SMITH
Captain, Air Corps
Intelligence Officer
```

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a document with text. Below is the text present in the document:

ROUTING AND REC☐D SHEET UNCLASSIFIAB☐AERIEL COMMAND
Use this form for inter-office correspondence. Use authorized office symbols to designate
addressee and addresses.
Place initials of dictator and typist, telephone
number and location to right of signature.
Use entire width of sheet, both sides. Number all comments consecutively. Separate comments by horizontal lines across page.

SUBJECT Pictures Taken ☐Incident #40
TO: C.1.0 FROM: W.T.A DATE 13 Feb 43 COMMENT NO. 1

1. Reference is made to AIC Weekly Intelligence Summary, dated 1 July 1947,
item 5, page 2, "Flying Objects", a copy of which is inclosed.

2. Referenced item states that Kodachrome pictures were taken of an unidentified
"Flying Object" by ☐ at Harmon Field, Newfoundland on 10 July 1947.

3. It is requested that the films or photographs be obtained for study. Also,
the inclosure should be returned for file.

N. C. LOEDING
Air Technical Assistant
Intelligence Division
DAY 25346
NIGHTS 65600 - 2144 - 11a

"If forwarded these pictures are due-
not in the group received forward
flying past #76"

UNCLASSIFIED

W-I14-16 JUNE 45 1 Mil

(CONTINUE ON OTHER SIDE)

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in the image you've provided; it is a text document.

Below is the text extracted from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

Extract from Weekly Intelligence Summary, AIC, 16 Jul 47

"FLYING OBJECTS REPORTS SUMMARY" The following is a digest of the only current reports that have been received through the Intelligence system of this Command concerning unidentified flying objects. On 10 June 1947, rumors were drifting into Budapest from rural areas in Hungary to the effect that "silver balls were flashing across the sky in a train." No accurate description or information of this report was obtained. A Newfoundland constable named ------ has reported to personnel of the 1300th AAF Base Unit, ATC, Newfoundland Base Command, how approximately 1300 hours local time (1200Z), he observed for a few seconds that one shiny object moving through the clouds followed by minutes later by a similar formation passed above the colored discs "in formation of three sails, very fast, and parallel to the ground, at an oblique course to the wind." The first four were in trail formation. The constable described the shape of these objects as being like "barrels on the edges" with "no pips on the top soil" but "leaving no smoke trail". The Newfoundland Saga Command reports also mentions a second unidentified observer of these objects, who described them as being "barrel-lead" in shape. A check of weather records reveals that CAP weather three-meal-in-the-day dispelling reports at the time these objects were reported as being seen.

------

Aircraft Control and Warning Officer for the defense area at Harmon Field, Newfoundland, reports that his radar lines and both stationed at Harmon Field, Newfoundland, report for Pan American Airways, both stationed at Harmon Field, Newfoundland, reports that on 10 July at l730 hours local time (2000Z), they observed over the installation a silver or aluminum wheel-shaped disc of sliver color which, at an estimated altitude of 10,000 feet, appeared to be of a size of a T-6 during the time of the observation "conditions on the weather map as reported by the weather station at Gander, distant occurred was clear with scattered cumulus clouds at an altitude of from eight to ten thousand feet. The sea was from reports that the disc was first sighted when it appeared about six miles SSW of Harmon: the two observers report that the disc seemed to "buffet on the water or sea, swerve onto an NW course leaving a "bluish black trail approximately fifteen miles long" which is described as similar in appearance to the beam seen for an instant after a high powered land-base light or searchlight had been switched off. Personnel of the Weather Reporting Unit, AOC, Harmon Field, observe no weather phenomena and state all air and sea traffic off the state that kodachrome pictures were taken of the WoodAFC's are now being developed, probably by Eastman Rochester, New York, and that ------ will forward the prints "as soon as received." On 11 July 1947, Col ------ and Major ---- of the 59th Airways and Air Communications Service Group, Elmendorf Field, Anchorage, observed an object resembling "a luminum colored balloon about 3 feet [1 diameter?" traveling at an estimated altitude "at a great speed" in a NW direction, ascending out of sight. On 12 July at 0830 hours local time (0400Z), Major ------ reported a similar unidentified object Aiding 0 degrees out of Wien Lake, Department of Seventh Army in valley some unidentified personnel of the military at Elmendorf Field, approximating 1700 following the contour of the mountains fifty miles away, "the object" was reported as "shining at an hour speed of 1500 miles an hour at times and at others only 200 miles per hour paralleling the courses the shore of Lake Wien 10 feet over water". 

A-2 Section, Alaskan Command in a summary other ------ summary item based on reports emanating from -----

---

- page 25 -

The image does not contain a photograph but seems to consist of text with some parts obliterated by heavy redaction marks.

Here is the text visible in the document:

"Observed from a bedroom window as a blob of light crossing at very high
speed estimated by observer at approx 1350 MPH. In color, the object
had the appearance of a reflected white light, a cool bright white light with
no red in it. like the moon on a clear night."

- page 26 -

The image provided is of a text document and does not contain any photographs. Below is the text contained in the document:

---
than to point out that these **Hungarian rumors were recorded fifteen days prior to the first times Flying objects, commonly called "saucers", were reported over various areas of the Zone of Interior, If it is anything known at this time this would rid one to believe the later reports, confirm earlier
criptions briefly presented in the Newfoundland reports. The brief texts gives rise to obvious doubts and questions that can be clarified only by an evaluation and further interrogation of the sources from whence these reports were derived. However, an analysis of the two radios that reported the Gander's sitings have led this Intelligence Officers of this Headquarters to point that the following considerations; It is very difficult to judge the size, speed and altitude of an object viewed at the reported distances of 12 miles. The actual size would just glimpse objects and to transmitted by planes in this regard it is noted that it is standard operating procedure for weather stations to release balloons every six hours daily - at 0400, 1000, 1500Z and 2200Z. It is pointed out that this release sighting approximates the time which hours of these daily pie ball is released. It is also pointed out that in the atmosphere, it is believed to be not uncommon for surface wind and winds at an altitude of 10000 feet or more to move in opposite directions.
Classification: UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED
--- 

*Note: The text in the document is partially unclear, and some words are followed by guesses indicated with [brackets] or are considered illegible due to the quality of the source document. I have transcribed the readable parts to the best of my ability.

- page 27 -

There are no photographs present in the document.

The text in the document is as follows:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS (Name) (Rank) (gb/sate)
Newfoundland Base Command, AAF, APO 862, c/o Postmaster, New York, N. Y.

28 July 1947

SUBJECT: Letter of Transmittal.

TO: Commanding General,
Atlantic Division, APO,
Fort Totten, Long Island, N. Y.
(ATTENTION: AC/S, Intelligence)

1. Transmitted herewith, as inclosures 1, 2 and 3, are Final
Reports of Sightings of "flying saucers" in Newfoundland and vicinity
listed as follows:

Final Report of Sighting: - 20002, 10 July 1947
" " " - 00032, 11 July 1947
" " " - 00152, 20 July 1947

2. Reference TWX = EN 18469, this headquarters, dated 121730Z
July 1947, regarding sightings of "flying saucers" by Constable
Newfoundland Constabulary, at Grand Falls, Newfoundland, on
the night of 9 July 1947, attached herewith, inclosure 4, is signed
statement of this sighting by Constable [REDACTED].

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

[Signature]
MARION C. MILLER
Captain, Air Corps,
AC/S, Intelligence.

4 Incl:
1. Final Rpt of Sighting, 10 Jul 47
2. " " " " 11 Jul 47
3. " " " " 20 Jul 47
4. Signed Statement - Const. [REDACTED]

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWN TO BOTTOM INVESI DECLASSIFIED
NS SSIFICATIO 
```

- page 28 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided.

Here is the text present in the image:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE DIV/FION LTRC, SUBJECT 20002 10 JULY 1947, OVER 
LANGER FIELD, DAYTON, OHIO, AT APPROXIMATELY 1030 CST, OBJECT 
WHICH NORTH HEAD PD WARREN'S CLAIM WAS ESTIMATED CIRCULAR AT 8-10000 FEET
PD CHARLES. SILVERY PD DISC WAS FIRST SIGHTED ABOUT 5 MILES SOUTH SOUTH 
WEST FROM FAIRBORN FIELD BY PD WAS REPRESENATED AND 
PD REPRESENTATIVE PD DISC APPEARED ABOVE THE SAME SPAN AS 
O-54 AT 10000 FEEST, WAS CIRCULAR IN SHAPE LIKE TAUCER TYPE, DISC
FAILED TO OUT THE CLOUDS OPEN AS IT PASSED THRU AND LEFT A SLIGHT BLACK 
TRAIL APPROXIMATELY FIFTEEN MILES LONG PD TRAIL WAS SIMILAR TO THE
TRAIL WHICH APPEARS AFTER A FLASH BURNS OUT OF WHICH LIGHT REFLECTED
IF PD KODACHROME PICTURES WERE TAKEN AND ARE BEING DEVELOPED STATE
SLIDES FR PHOTOS WILL BE FURNISHED AS SOON AS THEY ARE RECEIVED IN 
THIS HD

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that there are sections of the text that are redacted, denoted by the blacked-out portions, and this causes some sentences to be incomplete or their meaning unclear. Parts of the text are also cut off at the edge of the page, further contributing to the difficulty of deciphering the exact contents.

- page 29 -

There are no photographs present in this image. It is a textual document. Below, is the text as it appears in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

TS/AD/TSIDIN

Transmittal of Reports of Investigation

Commanding General
Army Air Forces
Washington 25, D. C.

ATTN: AC/AS-2
Colonel Roberts Taylor III

1. Transmitted herewith are two copies of a report on an
investigation conducted at Harmon Field, Newfoundland, by Colonel
H. S. Clingerman and Lb. Colonel I. S. Powell of this Command. This
investigation was accomplished in compliance with a verbal request
from General Schulgen at AC/AS-2 to Colonel H. H. McCoy of Head-
quarters, Air Material Command.

2. This letter may be declassified upon removal of the attach-
ed report, in accordance with paragraph 9b, AR 380-5.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

Encl:
Rpts of investigation
w/acols, (in dup)

U. S. NOYOT
Colonel, Air Corps
Deputy Commanding General
Intelligence (I-2)

RING FILE 26

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the quality of the scanned document, some words or characters may not be entirely clear.

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"UNCLASSIFIED
TWXAD/RMG/ALF

Submission of Reports

Commanding General
Newfoundland Base Command
Fort Pepperrell, Newfoundland
APO 862 c/o Postmaster
New York, New York

1. In compliance with Letter Orders No. L47530 dated 30 July 1947, Headquarters Air Material Command, Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio, copy of which is attached, there is herewith submitted for your information a copy of the report which was made as a result of the investigation directed by the attached order. Due to the exigencies of the situation and the short period of time involved, it was not practical to write the report while at Harmon Field.

2. Colonel William P. Sloan, the Commanding Officer of Harmon Field, was most cooperative and assisted the investigating officers with every means at his disposal, which contributed in no small manner to the successful conclusion of the investigation.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

2 Incls.
By ltr dtd. 8/2/47
By L.O. L47530 7/30/47
E. E. McCoy
Colonel, Air Corps
Deputy Commanding General
Intelligence (T-2)

1 INC FILE- 2b"

Please note that some parts of the text are not completely legible due to the quality of the document scan.

- page 31 -

The image displays a page from a document with text. There is no photograph present on this page. 

The text from the document is as follows:

```
1. Org.         125th AAF BU, ATC, AADC, ATC, Harmon Field, Newfoundland.
2. Sighting     Flying Disc or other airborne object.
3. Place        Approx six (6) miles SSW of Harmon Field.
4. Time         2200/10 July 1947
5. Altitude     10, 000 ft.
6. Weather      Clear, Scattered cumulus 8 - 10, 000 ft.
7. Heading      NNE on horizontal course.
8. Speed        Very high velocity.
9. Shape & Size: Circular like a wheel, estimated to be same size as a C-54
                 as seen from 10,000 ft.
10. Color       Translucent or Silvery, left a bluish black trail approx 
                 15 miles long.
11. Photograph: Ship shots of the trail.
12. Reported By: Mr. ----------------- and Mr. A. T. ---------------
                 PAA mechanic; said Mr. T. A. --------------------
                 the above facts to the Intelligence officer on 15 July 1947.
                 A Flash report was filed and; A heron copy forwarded
                 General, Iq. AC/AS, Intell., Asst. Chiefs of Staff, Intelligence.
                 Info copies: Com and Gen staffs ATC and SFC. No rec
                 No copies: Con and Gen staffs ATC and SFC. No rec
13. General     Stephenville Crossing to Harmon Field are the sites of the
                 sighting.
                 Stephenville Crossing is the first to see the Disc, it
                 appeared to rent or split the clouds thru which it passed
                 and left a Bluish Black trail approx. fifteen (15) miles
                 long behind it. The trail was similar to the afterglow of
                 a powerful landing light or search light being after it is
                 suddenly switched off. The object maintained a straight and
                 horizontal course according to Mr. -------------- and turned 
                 on a horizontal plane appeared to be on a presetted course 
                 North Northeast. Mr. Leidy says he took two (2) Kodachrome
                 photographs of the trail. The film has been transmitted 
                 to the Asst. Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Newfoundland
                 Base Command for processing.
                 
                 --------------------
                 CAPT.
                 Intelligence Officer
                 
--------------------------------(blacked out)--------------------------------
UNCLASSIFIED                 (Blacked out section)           UNCLASSIFIED

                                                                      Speci 1
```

Please note that parts of the text are redacted or illegible due to blacking out or poor quality of the image. The text within the dashed lines is consistent with that found in typical declassified government documents related to unidentified flying objects, especially from the era of Project Blue Book which was a series of systematic studies of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force.

- page 32 -

There are no photographs on this page. The text on the page reads:

This Case Includes
Four (4) 8"x10" prints.

- page 33 -

There are no photographs in this image. The image appears to be a scan of a map or chart with annotated text, lines, and markings. Below is the transcription of the text found on the document:

---

00 10 W
51 53 N

Lose in C[ILLEGIBLE]
Climb to 17[ILLEGIBLE]
00.04
(190[ILLEGIBLE])
085[ILLEGIBLE]
Bovingdon

Climb to [ILLEGIBLE]
00.0[ILLEGIBLE]

Luton

Climb [ILLEGIBLE]
Direction 17[ILLEGIBLE]
Speed Acceleration
0[ILLEGIBLE] mph
Slow to 210 mph

St.Albans

Hatfield

00 10 W
51 49 N

Uxbridge

Heston

CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

G.S.C.S. 4159
Scale: Half-Inch to One Statute Mile = 1/126720

---

Please note that the text is not completely legible, and thus some parts of it contain [ILLEGIBLE] where the text cannot be discerned accurately.

- page 34 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a report which includes a simple line drawing or track plot, rather than a photograph. Due to the quality of the scan, the text is difficult to read, blurred, and some parts are virtually illegible. There are some annotations and markers that suggest a route or trajectory, and a small inset with a plotted line and two points labeled "1" and "2" with times noted next to them. Here is an attempt to transcribe the visible and legible text, but please note that some parts may not be accurately captured due to the poor quality of the image:

```
[ILLEGIBLE MARKINGS]

...000' [Arrow indicating upwards trajectory?]
...ILES
...2000'...
...1000'...
[Rest of the text along the trajectory is illegible]

[In the Inset]
Contact #2
Time 1032

[Along the bottom part of the image]
UNCLAS [Presumably short for 'UNCLASSIFIED']
```

Unfortunately, many details are illegible in the provided scan, making a complete and accurate transcription difficult.

- page 35 -

The image shows a single photograph that appears to be rather unclear due to its quality. It seems to depict a trail of some kind, like a contrail or a streak, possibly in the sky, which is consistent with the kind of evidence typically associated with UFO sightings. The photo is of poor resolution and contrast, making it difficult to discern any detailed features.

Since the image is poor in quality and there seems to be no legible text, I am unable to provide an actual text output of this document as it would with clear, readable content. If there is text in the image, it is not discernible.

- page 36 -

The image appears to be a scanned photocopy of a page from a document, and it is of very poor quality, making details hard to discern. The top part contains text, but it is not very legible due to the quality and darkness of the image. There are no clear photographs that can be distinctly identified as such due to the poor resolution and quality of the scan.

Attempting to produce an OCR of the visible text yields the following, although due to the poor quality and legibility, it may not be entirely accurate:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR
25 JUL 1947

MEMORANDUM TO: ACG/AS-2 Counter Intelligence Branch

Information contained herein, and opinion or conclusions based
upon conversational data had subsequent by [REDACTED] of your office, pertains to certain phenomena connected with recent [REDACTED] of
flying saucers.

Approximately three weeks ago on or about 7 July 1947
[REDACTED] appears to be round size of 250 to 300 ft. [...] motion with
three objects of [UNKNOWN] size at [LOCATION] Virginia, with [...] instructions to [...]
shown the corner layout of the room occupied [...]
Illustration No. 1.
```

Please note that due to the heavy redactions and the poor quality of the image, much of the text could not be read with certainty, and some words or phrases have been indicated with placeholders like [REDACTED] or [UNKNOWN].

- page 37 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document with handwritten text and some typed text. Here's the transcription of all the legible text found in the document:

Made by Nor.
lend of period by
Col. Clingerman and
Hd. Qd. E.G. Fahrrell
A. order 9478350 dated 3-08/47

Clamra Camera
5" omr F-2 lens.
original can a 16 code name afprocen...

UNCLASSIFIED

Please note that some words are partially obscured or illegible, which has been indicated by "..." in the transcription.

- page 38 -

There is no photograph presented on this page of the document. Below is the text as if processed by OCR:

---
Negative By Mjr. [REDACTED] - Clamar Camera
5"mm F.-2 lens.
Original from a Kodachroner
frame

Photo is part of
photo by of[unclear] Col. Clingerman
and Lt. Col E.G. Metzell.
L. Order #71350 dated 30 July/47

UNCLASSIFIED
---

- page 39 -

The photograph shows what appears to be an image taken from the ground looking up towards the sky. There is a clear depiction of an airplane in the center, with its wings spread wide and a tail visible. Below and to the left of the airplane, there is a smaller, darker shape that could be another aircraft, but it is significantly less clear than the main plane in the center. The photograph is very grainy, and there are artifacts that may either be on the original photograph or the result of the scanning process. The rest of the image includes various blotches and scratches. There is no text within the image itself.

Unfortunately, since there is no visible text within the image other than what might be grain or artifacts, I cannot provide OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output for this particular document page. If there's any text outside the bounds of the image you have provided, I would not be able to see or transcribe it.

- page 40 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, with most of the text being faint or obscured. Here's the text that is legible from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
    
DATE 20 JUL 47
Nr. 270
LOCATION SE of Fairfield Suisun (Ham.)
SOURCE DX Sigint Comm. Lt..
DATE T/O [TO AIR]
TIME ON NAV. Orig. 0945 dst
SHAPE circular
SIZE Difficult 30" front <--> rear
STRUCTURE 
COLOR silv
RAD. INTERF.  
RO, [REMOVED]              
NOISE Slight whistling increasing in volume to a loud roar
PROPELLANTS 
REMARKS
Teletype ATEC Form 329
(Re. Jan 52)
NO PHOTO IN FILE
                         
UNCLASSIFIED
```

Due to the document's age and quality, some parts of the text are illegible, and others are redacted.

- page 41 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided. Here is the text as recognized from the document:

---

to see a "Unidentified Object" mystery 
"The report of what is believed to be the largest 
saucer over observed is revealed to the Airline 
Flying Saucer Bureau from Nairobi, East Africa. 
Eye witness, Mrs. A. M. King of P.O. Box 4122 
Nairobi writes:

"...Mr. Kinsey at the end of june- Cargo 
to S.S. Aandderay Castle on route to Cap-
town, and going through the Suez with on 
board about sixty passengers of various out- 
going and incoming flights stopped at 
12 pm. when we observed a particularly bright 
star. It was traveling very fast and approached 
the ship, suddenly a very bright appeared which 
flashed a strong beam of light on the water within 
2 yards to the ship. It described its nearest 
shortening, and became lighter again than 
the water and the next instant there was no more 
light, but an object appeared apparently made 
of steel and shaped like a cigar cut at the three 
end. It remained in the air about 25 ft. above the 
sea engulfed in the blaze and then rolled, end 
turning in the same direction.

"Causing a halo of speed, after a second or 
two the whole ship disappeared with a 
sound, from four flaring tongues flames which 
shot out to almost half the length of the object. 
It appeared that inside the hot substance there 
must have burned three times, but still we could 
bear no noise from the flames. No windows could 
be seen, only a band of metal around the entire 
thing, which, if it has been an airplane engraft-
ing, would have been certainly situated.

"The object was very large, about four times 
the length of the Aandderay Castle, and at a 
rough guess about four times as high.

"We had a wonderful view, but in a few 
seconds, it disappeared. No light was still on 
when darkness. It made very smart recovery up-
ward as it rose. For a while we thought we were 
the only ones on deck at that time...., but walk-
ing by the prow of the ship we saw the same siz-
zling star's effects were still a few Sundays on the 
the spray of whom had seen the same thing 
Whether it is recorded in the ship's log...

The story I related to my husband and 
friends, but without them showing any enthus-
iasm. I let the matter drop, and to my surprize 
read later of Captain Bicknell's experience over 
Mount Kilimanjaro in 1954, and saw to some 
shape an illustration of what I had seen and 
drawn previously for my husband and several 
friends.

"... Mr. Eogus does not shape recognized with 
notes of the object seen by Captain Bicknell and 
drawn over Mt. Kilimanjaro in February, 1951, 
but only probable differences belie a truth as 
there were peripheral shapes not possessed over the 
subject as Bicknell object: nor did it possess any 
seems that the seido enforcing band about its 
middle. The Bicknell object had several bands
---

Please note that due to the quality of the scan, there are several typos and words that are not clear or incomplete. Therefore, some parts of the transcription might not be accurate or complete.

- page 42 -

The image you've provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten page with several redacted parts. Here is the text from the document:

```
UNIDENTIFIED                25 JUN...., 1947 INCIDENTS
  
TIME     DATE        LOCATION          OBSERVER           EVALUATION
----     ----        --------          --------           ----------

        AUG
53       3 aug      Milan, Italy (C-2536113)     Civilian        Insufficient Data
                    Danforth, Illinois                            Weather (Balloon)
53       3 aug      Hackensack, New Jersey                        Insufficient Data
        4           Boston, Massachusetts                         Astro (Sun Dog)
        6           Bethel, Alaska                                A/C
56,70    6           Ephrata, Wash.                              A/C (Meteor)
70       7           Haver[REDACTED] Pennsylvania                   Astro (Meteor)
75       13          [REDACTED], Ohio                             Astro 
75       13          Salmon, Echo                                 A/C
67       13          Twin Falls, [REDACTED]                     Insufficient Data
135      14          S. Placerville, California                  A/C (Meteor)
67       15-20       Denver, Colo.                               Weather (Balloon)
64                   Twin Falls, Idaho                           Chair (Swedes)
64                   Late Aug            [REDACTED][REDACTED]  [REDACTED]False Targets
                    [REDACTED] 
                    [REDACTED]
        11 Aug       St. Louis, Missouri                         None

        SEPT.
51       3           Oswego, Oregon                              UNIDENTIFIED-
51,62    6           Logan, Utah                                 Other (Birds)
57       10          Pacific Ocean (Itinerary II.)               Other (Balloon)
72       17          Ft. Richardson, Alaska                     Army Officer
12       27          [REDACTED] Alaska                           Astro (Meteor)-
                    Toronto, Canada                               Other (-None-)
                    
[REDACTED]

177      Oct         San Francisco, California                   Not stated          Insufficient Data
                    Hollywood, [REDACTED] California             Civilian            UNIDENTIFIED
71       6 or 9      Las Vegas, Nev.                             [REDACTED] Good(sic)+]
        12          Lincoln                                     Astro (Meteor)-
        13          [REDACTED], Minnesota                       Astro (Meteor)-
37       14          Dayton, Ohio                                Civilian            UNIDENTIFIED-
37       20          Dayton, Ohio                                Civilian            A/C
27       20          Xenia, Ohio                                 None                None

[REDACTED]

        NOV.
2                    Houston, Texas                              None                A/C (Meteor)
3                    El Paso, [REDACTED]                         [REDACTED]
4                    L. A. - San Diego, Calif                    [REDACTED]
        15-17        [REDACTED]                                  [REDACTED] 

[REDACTED SECTION AT THE BOTTOM OF THE PAGE]
```

Due to the redactions, some of the information is obscured.

- page 43 -

The image provided is a scanned page from a document, and there is no photograph present. It is a text-based page with some stains and artifacts typical of old documents. Below is the text as it appears on the document:

---
c. Although I could not accurately judge the size, I-ecco_
nect the object as light and matallic [or] a couple telephone
bells, or the Liberty Bells, or slightly bigger. As it appeared
small the louder it went until applying the object through binver_
culars could compute its size I yelled, "It's a kite!" Then, as I
thorougly appeared more with the real asset of 1130 m nswer
and not the real asset until the real nose hovered straight ne
its now definite straight flight course while I observed it I did not
see it drop any low altitude.

d. I color, the object had the appearance of a "floating white
light" its oval, bright white light with no red lights like the mo-on on
black night. There was no star visible ton or in the area it descended
floor, or perhaps the mountains of cloud cloud, and our chaincode
through record of the bullettin in the chain could compute the cloud
consideration us cloud late had the object to be in motion my binoc
ulars ... to reckon on Rotating forecasts or to ... its satellite
motion uneven order that the bullets is uncertainly ... to, as
cont ... It is most have been impossible to see it near. I do not
personally remember the weather condition that the U.S. weather vis-
not blinking.

e. Although the time of this occurence, since not inclined to think of
it serious enough to note by Mr. Tim decide to later, on by my
memoirs, I mention several A.A.F. Aircraft ... thought conditions
from ... scientific glimpse I had as witness ... not correctly but
combined just in that it was come ... phenomenons can be but
surely the terms eyes provide too ... our cloud and our camera
more ... have come up until ... then appear to reflection of service,
only that can't a ... ... no manforce looks. (a) It is ..., but .. I did no
... above the cloudbase, & (I) could hardly have been opposite on
... since he would have lost stand in ... to spot ... last including
... not entering ... craft of ... imagine tion and (n) ... not quote time,
with ... at one place.
---

The text is fragmented and difficult to understand, likely due to the poor quality of the original document and the subsequent scanning process, which might have affected legibility. Some parts are illegible or cut off from the edges of the page.

- page 44 -

There are no photographs present in this image. It contains text and some obscured or redacted sections. Here is the text present on the document:

Observed from a bedroom window as a blob of light crossing at very high
speed estimated by observer at approx 1350 MPH. In color, the object
had the appearance of a reflected white light, a cool bright white light with
no red in it, like the moon on a clear night.

- page 45 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with text. Below is the text as best as it can be read from the image:

UNCLASSIFIED

than to point out that these Hungarian rumors were recorded fifteen days prior
to the first times flying objects, commonly called "saucers," were reported
over various areas of the Zone of Interior, there is anything known at this
time that would tie in one to the other. Until reliable, verifiable, firsthand
opinions briefly presented in the Newfoundland reports. The brief text gives
rise to obvious doubts and questions that can be clarified only by an evalua-
tion and further interrogation of the sources from whence these reports were
derived. However, an analysis of the two radios that reported the Gander
sightings have led this Intelligence Officers of this Headquarters to point out
the following considerations: It is very difficult to judge the size, speed,
and altitude of an unknown object at the reported distances of 8 miles. The
actual size od object(s) would thus tend to be at a very small in this
regard it is noted that it is standard operating procedure for weather stations
to release balloons every six hours daily - at 0400, 1000, 1500 and 2200.
It is pointed out that this release slightly approximates the time which one
of these daily pilots is released. It is also pointed out that in the approach
area, it is believed to be not uncommon for surface wind and winds at an al-
titude of 1000 feet or more to move in opposite directions.

Classification: UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 46 -

There is no photograph present in the document. Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS
Newfoundland Base Command, AFO-WYC
Fort Pepperrell, Newfoundland
APO 862, c/o Postmaster, New York, N. Y.

28 July 1947

SUBJECT: Letter of Transmittal.

TO : Commanding General,
     Atlantic Division, APO,
     Fort Totten, Long Island, N. Y.
     (ATTENTION: AC/S, Intelligence)

1. Transmitted herewith, as inclosures 1, 2 and 3, are Final
Reports of Sightings of "flying saucers" in Newfoundland and vicinity
listed as follows:

     Final Report of Sighting - 20002, 10 July 1947
                                 - 00302, 11 July 1947
                                 - 00152, 20 July 1947

2. Reference TWX = EN 184/9, this headquarters, date 121730Z
July 1947, regarding sightings of "flying saucers" by Constable
********** of the Newfoundland Constabulary, at Grand Falls, Newfoundland, on
the night of 9 July 1947, attached herewith, inclosure 4, is signed
statement of this sighting by Constable **********.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

Marion O. Miller
MARION O. MILLER,
Captain, Air Corps,
AC/S, Intelligence.

Incl
1. Final Rpt of Sighting, 10 Jul 47
2. " "" " " 11 Jul 47
3. " "" " " 20 Jul 47
4. Signed Statement - Const **********

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that certain information (indicated by asterisks) has been redacted in the original document for privacy or confidentiality reasons.

- page 47 -

There is no photograph included in the visible portion of the document. Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

F/UF INTELLIGENCE OF ONE FLYING DISC, ESTIMATED 20000 FT. OVER 
MANGES FIELD, NRUTHERLAND, AF APPROXIMATELY LOCATED AREA, OBSE 
WHEN NORTH EAST TO NORTHWEST COURSE WITH ESTIMATED DIAMETER OF 20-10000 FEET 
SEE CHAR.. ALTITUDE 20 FT DISC WAS FIRST SIGHTED ABOUT 6 MILES SOUTH SOUTH 
WEST FROM MANGE FIELD BY PAC REPRESENTATIVES AND 
PD RE PRESENTATIVE PD DISC APPEARED SAME THE SAME SPAN AS 
OY-2 AT 10000 FEET, WAS CIRCULAR IN SHAPS LIKE TOUCH HERE, DISC 
SEEMED TO CUT THE CLOUDS OPEN AS IT PASSED THRU AND LEFT A SLIGH BLACK 
TRAIL APPROXIMATELY FOUR MILES LONG. TRAIL WAS SIMILAR TO THE 
TRAIN MADE AFTER A JET HAD PASSED THRU ORANGE LIGHTS WERE ATTACHED 
IF PD KODACHROMES PICTURES WERE TAKEN AND ARE BEING DEVELOPED STATE 
SLIDES OF PICTURE WILL BE FARNISHED AS SOON AS THEY ARE RECEIVED BY 

UNCLASSIFIED

Saterauce tre of edentiai              Correspondence course input Tse 
Capt T-2 and Capt Dice                what place should this 
SO to Harman Lot of wounded, and active war Lincdn 
                                         ndpotency form 5-2153 
What bas Brunhell reported? 
7 July 1947 pictorial? 
E T Overton admies Che disabled are an asset to Armed forecs 
in some detailed
```

Please note that the text includes redactions and illegible sections, which are shown with lines or unclear words. It appears to be a report concerning a UFO sighting with details about its location, appearance, and trajectory.

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten document related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book. Here is the text presented in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

TS/AD/TSDIN

Transmittal of Reports of Investigation

Commanding General
Army Air Forces
Washington 25, D. C.

ATTN: AC/AS-2
Colonel Robert Taylor III

1. Transmitted herewith are two copies of a report on an
Investigation conducted at Harmon Field, Newfoundland, by Colonel
H. B. Clingerman and Lt. Colonel E. G. Fruin of this Command. This
investigation was accomplished in compliance with a verbal request
from General Schulgen of AC/AS-2 to Colonel H. B. McCoy of Head-
quarters, Air Material Command.

2. This latter may be declassified upon removal of the attach-
ed reports, in accordance with paragraph 90, AR 380-5.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

L. H. MCCoy
Colonel, Air Corps
Deputy Commanding General
Intelligence (I-2)

RING FILE 26

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 49 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text output from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

TS/DNI

3. Commanding General
   Newfoundland Base Command
   Fort Pepperrell, Newfoundland
   APO 852 c/o Postmaster
   New York, New York

1. In compliance with Letter Orders No. 477350 dated 30 July 1947,
Headquarters Air Material Command, Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio, copy of
which is attached, there is herewith submitted for your information a
copy of the report which was made as a result of the investigation direct
ed by the attached order. Due to the exigencies of the situation and the
short period of time involved, it was not practical to write the report
while at Harmon Field.

2. Colonel William R. Clingan, the Commanding Officer of Harmon
Field, was most cooperative and assisted the investigating officers with
every means at his disposal, which contributed in no small manner to the
successful conclusion of the investigation.

                                                   FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

2 Incls.
   Cy ltr dtd 8/2/47
   Cy LO 477350 7/30/47

E. B. LeBAILLY
Colonel, Air Corps
Deputy Commanding General
Intelligence (T-2)

INC FILE— 26
---

- page 50 -

There is no photograph included on this page of the document.

As for the text, here is the transcription:

```
                                           UNCLASSIFIED  

  1. Org.          135th AAF BU, ATC, AADC, ATC, Harmon Field, Newfoundland.
  2. Sighting      Flying Disc or other airborne object.
  3. Place         Approx six (6) miles SSW of Harmon Field.
  4. Time          2000, 10 July 1947
  5. Altitude      2-10,000 ft.
  6. Heading       Circular, Scattered cumulus 8-10, 000 ft.
  7. Weather       Clear on horizontal. Overcast.
  8. Speed         Very high velocity.
  9. Shape & Size: Circular like a wheel, estimated to be same size as a P-54
                   as sean from 10,000 ft.
 10. Color         Translucent or Silvery, left a Bluish Black trail approx
                   15 miles long.
 11. Photograph:   No photographs of trail.
 12. Reported By   Sgt _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  reported that he took two (2) Kodachrome
                   snap shots of the trail.
 13. General       PAA mechanic; and T/Sgt _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  PAA mechanic reported 
                   the above 'acts to the Intelligence officer on 15 July 1947.
                   A Flash Teport was fwd. to ; _ _ _ _ _ ; Acting air copy command 
                   General, Iq, AC, Attn. Asst. Chief of Staff, Intelligence.
                   Info copies: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and Generals _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
                   Stephen»ville Crossing to Harmon Field are the twins of the
                   sighting.
                   Stephen»ville Crossing was the first to see the Disc, it 
                   appeared to rent or split the clouds thru which it passed
                   and left a Bluish Black trail approx. fifteen (15) miles
                   long behind it. The trail was similar to the afterglow of
                   a powerful landing lights or search lights being after it is 
                   suddenly switched off. The object maintained a straight and 
                   horizontal course according to T. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _. It maintained course
                   on a horizontal planc; passed about in a curved course 
                   North Northeast. T. Ledy says he took two (2) Kodachrome
                   Photographs of the trail. The film has been transmitted
                   to the Asst. Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Newfoundland
                   Base Command for processing.

                                                           UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 51 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It consists of text, which I'll provide as follows:

```plaintext
This Case Includes
Four (4) 8"x10" prints.
```

- page 52 -

The image provided appears to be a map or chart. There are no photographs of any subjects within the image, such as people or UFOs, just graphical representations and annotations likely related to the UFO report.

Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
Luton
00:10W
51:53N

Climb 2000ft
Lost in Cloud
Climb 21000ft
Dive
18000ft

Lost in Cloud
St.Albans

0854
Climb 17000ft
0859
Bovingdon
0904 
Speed
Accerlation
Hatfield

00-40'W
51-40'N

Uxbridge
Heston

CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

G.S.C.S: 4159
Scale: Half Inch to One Statute Mile = 1/126720
``` 

The annotations on the map indicate altitudes and times, probably related to an object's observed movements. The bottom of the image contains a stamp marking the document as "CONFIDENTIAL" and "UNCLASSIFIED," along with what seems to be a reference number "G.S.C.S: 4159" and a scale for the map.

- page 53 -

The image shows a page that appears to include a hand-drawn map or diagram with some annotated text and numbers suggesting it might depict a trajectory or flight path. However, there are no photographs present in this image, only graphical representations and text. 

Below is the text captured from the document, noting that part of the text is not legible due to the quality of the scan:

---
UNCLAS
[ILLEGIBLE TEXT]

CONTACT #1
TIME 0912/3

[ILLEGIBLE TEXT]
CONTACT #4
TIME 0920

[ILLEGIBLE TEXT]
TIME 0920/4

[ILLEGIBLE TEXT]
---

Due to the poor quality of the scan, much of the text is not clearly readable, and only some portions have been successfully transcribed.

- page 54 -

The image appears to be of a page containing a photograph that is affixed to the paper. The photograph is black and white and is notably poor in quality, making specific details hard to distinguish. It seems to show a skyline or horizon with a long, somewhat diagonal contrail or trail of smoke in the air, typically associated with a passing aircraft or meteorological phenomenon. The lower part of the image also contains a segment that looks like it might be the edge of a desk or a similar wooden surface, suggesting the photo might have been taken at an angle where this additional element was unintentionally captured. 

Unfortunately, due to the quality of the image, I am unable to accurately perform an OCR function to produce text from the document. The photograph appears to be old and damaged, adding to the difficulty of discerning any text that may be present. If there is any text on the image, it is not legible due to the poor resolution and quality of the scan.

- page 55 -

The image provided is a black and white scan of a document with significant noise and some markings. The bottom half of the document appears to contain a simple diagram or sketch, possibly representing a layout or a schematic, but it is too faded and indistinct to describe the details accurately.

Here's the text from the document, to the best of my ability to transcribe it due to its poor quality:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
          OFFICE OF THE INSPEC-
          25 JUL 1947

MEMORANDUM TO: AC/AS-2 Counter Intelligence Branch

        Information contained herein is unclassified except
where shown redacted. Has been requested by [REDACTED]
of your office. It pertains to certain phenomena connected with project [REDACTED] Saucers-
Flying saucers.

        Approximately three weeks ago on or about 7 July 1947
personnel [REDACTED] to look around [REDACTED] at approximately 2330
hours. Sergeant [REDACTED] of [REDACTED] Airfield, [REDACTED], with [* * *] subordinates, were
shown the corner layout of the room occupied by the Flying
Discs Illustration No. 1.

[The rest of the document is either redacted, poorly scanned, or obscured by the scan's noise and quality.]
``` 

Some words and sections are redacted and not legible due to the quality of the document and the markings over the text.

- page 56 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs, but it does contain handwritten text. Here is the text as best as it can be transcribed from the image:

Made by Mov.
land of seald by
Col. Clingerman and
Hd. qr. E.G. Wardeill 
L. order 417350 dated 3 Jan 47

Clarke Camera 
5" camera F-2 lens.
original are a kc [ILLEGIBLE]
[ILLEGIBLE]

F16.6

[There are some illegible or partially cut off texts on the right side and bottom of the document. There is also some redacted or blacked-out text on the upper-left portion of the document.]

UNCLASSIFIED

(Note: The partially illegible or obscured parts of the text are indicated with [ILLEGIBLE], and some text such as serial numbers and stamped wording may not be transcribed accurately due to the quality of the image.)

- page 57 -

The image you provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a textual document. Here is the text extracted from the image:

```
Negative By Mr. ________ - Clarmea Contract _______
5omm F-2 lens.
Original For a Kodachrome
Frame
Photo is part of ______
______ by Capt. Clint _______
and Lt Col E.G. Metcalf.
L. order 471350 dated 38 July 47

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that parts of the text are illegible, and have been indicated with underscores. The blacked-out areas indicate redactions, where information has been obscured for privacy or confidentiality reasons.

- page 58 -

The photograph depicts an airborne object, appearing to be an airplane with a cross-like design on its body, probably indicating the type of aircraft or its affiliation. Below and slightly to the left of this airplane, there is a smaller, darker silhouette of what may be another aircraft, with its wings distinguishable against the lighter background. The photograph is blurry and details are difficult to discern, with various markings and spots that could be due to age or damage to the original material.

Unfortunately, I am unable to output text from this document as the photograph does not appear to contain any readable text. The image is primarily visual and does not have visible, clear text that I can transcribe.

- page 59 -

The image does not contain photographs. It appears to be a page from a report with various text entries and redacted information. Below is the text produced from the image.

```
( UNCLASSIFIED )
                                                         20/13457
                                                         20 JUL 47
AN TO. _______________________________________________________________
   
NO. __________________________________________________ I_______________

REPORT NO. _____________________________________________________________

ATC OF. ____________________________________________________________

TIME OF O_________0945 dst 

SHAPE_______circular

SIZE________Baseball 30' Front - agl

COLOUR______
 
NO. OF OBJ. __1________________________________________________________
 
NORAD NO. ____________________________________________________________
 
SOUND___a soft rustling, increasing in volume to a loud roar

DURATION OF OBSER.___30 secS_____________________________________________

 
TEMPORARY AFTC Form 329
(8  Jan 52)
(NO CARBON REQUIRED)
UNCLASSIFIED 
```

Most of the entries in this report are either incomplete or redacted, and due to the image's low resolution and quality some of the text is not clearly legible.

- page 60 -

The image appears to be a very faint scanned page from a document with no visible photographs present. Due to the low contrast and faded nature of the text, it is not possible to accurately transcribe the content of the document. The markings are mostly illegible, but there is a date that can be made out which reads "29 July 47". The word "UNCLASSIFIED" is visible on the top right side, though the rest of the text is not clear enough to transcribe.

- page 61 -

This document contains a single, black and white photograph or illustration of an unidentified flying object. It appears elongated, with a dark central part and a lighter round object at one end, suggesting a cigar-like shape with an attached disc. The photograph or illustration has the word "UNCLASSIFIED" below it, indicating its status.

As for the text, here is the entire content of the visible portion of the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #63 -- W of Helena, Montana -- 29 July 1947

With the exception of the color ["blue colored nickel"]
and the lack of statements concerning a trail, the object reported 
in this incident at very well have been a daylight meteor.
Bright meteors have been observed to glow in various colors. The manner
of disappearance ("melted into thin air") further supports this view. 
Time in sight and speed also coincide. In short, it is more likely that
this object was a bright meteor than that it was anything else.
```

The text at the bottom and along the right edge of the page is cut off and not legible.

- page 62 -

The image provided is a scanned document and there is no photograph present, only text content. Here is the extracted text from the image as requested:

```
[Top part of the document is largely illegible, with the text "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS" visible and the classification level crossed out]
1. Date [Illegible]
2. Time [Illegible]
3. Location The state of General [Redacted] while [Ollegible], direction [Redacted]
xxxx Avenue, [Redacted] 
4. Length of observation [Illegible]
5. Occupations of observer DuPont Plant Eng., E.I. Du Pont, M.I. & E Co.
6. Address of observer The Peace Ad[Illegible] E.I. Co.
7. Place of observation 25 ft. of Halcom ... house
8. Number of objects 1.
9. Distance of object from observer 2-3 miles
10. Time in Sight 15 seconds
11. Altitude 5,000 ft
12. Speed [Illegible]dous
13. Direction of flight E.
14. Tactics Reverse ... climb ... it came toward [Illegible] distance of some 50-100, then stopping to the 5 ... interval repeated.
15. Sound 75
16. Size 1 ft. in dia[Illegible] or 1  inch in th[Illegible] per seen from observer
17. Construction Apparently me[Illegible]
               like polished nickel
18. Shape circular
19. Odor detected [Blank space] / 75
20. Apparent construction like polished nickel
21. Exhaust trails [Illegible] / 75
22. Weather conditions M[Illegible] sky with scattered thin clouds, bright sunshine causing disc to gleam on sunshine side. Warm above. Effect or cloud [Illegible] / 75
23. Sketches or photographs None
24. Names of disapproving [Illegible] into this sect.
25. Remarks: (over)
```

Some portions of the text are illegible, indicated by [Illegible] or blanks in the transcription. The document appears to be part of an investigation report into an unidentified flying object, containing witness information, object description, and observation details, typical for Project Blue Book files.

- page 63 -

There is no photograph present in this image.

Due to the poor quality and legibility of the document, I can only provide a partial transcription, and some text may be inaccurately transcribed:

---
One was ___ light aircraft observed and followed in ____ ____. It descended ___ ___________ ___ aircraft to ____ to 100 ft from the ground on several occasions ________________ aircraft to maintain ____ speed __ needed. ____________ the top of one mountain it stopped to the 11 o'clock position, ____ _____ the ___________ __________ ___________ ______ ______ into the air ___ ___ miles at tremendous speed _____ ___ __ ___ position __ __ __ in ____ ____ _____ seconds. The L-5 _____________ ____ _______ _________ ___ ___ ___ ___ carefully checked reports from observers ground control 2 confirm __________ ____ ____ ___ ____ miles from the object.
---

The transcription is greatly hindered by the poor quality and readability of the document.

- page 64 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It is a text-based document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, here is the output of all the text found in the document:

```
Dr. HYNEK'S EVALUATIONS EXTRACTED FROM PROJECT GRUDGE REPORT.

EXCERPT INDEX

1. Astronomical

   a. High probability:
   #26, 27, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 48, 59, 60, 66, 69, 70, 94,
   97, 96, 97, 98, 101, 102, 103, 104, 116, 132, 136, 140,
   147, 148, 153, 174, 184, 185, 187, 197, 203, 204, 208, 216,
   219, 238.

   b. Fair or low probability:
   #1c, 20, 23, 24, 28, 35, 36, 46, 60, 63, 67, 80, 82, 93, 100,
   112, 120, 121, 129, 130, 144, 153, 163, 166, 167, 175, 192,
   199, 202, 205, 220, 230, 240.

2. Non-astronomical but suggestive of other explanations

   a. Balloons or ordinary aircraft:
   #3, 11, 22, 41, 42, 53, 54, 75, 81, 83, 91, 92, 113, 114, 115,
   126, 131, 138, 141, 145, 155, 156, 157, 159, 160, 161, 163,
   169, 171, 173, 178, 180, 182, 198, 190, 194, 195, 196, 193,
   200, 201, 209, 210, 217, 222, 238, 237, 239.

   b. Kookabits, flares or falling bodies:
   #4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 25, 56, 65, 70, 106, 107,
   108, 109, 133, 170, 211, 218.

   c. Miscellaneous (reflections, auroral streamers, birds, etc.):
   #39, 89, 123, 124, 128, 146, 164, 181, 189, 214, 221, 231, 234,

3. Non-astronomical, with no explanation evident

   a. Lack of evidence precludes explanation:
   #38, 44, 45, 47, 56, 57, 72, 86, 87, 88, 90, 99, 110, 117, 118,
   125, 127, 137, 139, 149, 150, 177, 179, 191, 206, 212, 213,
   229, 232, 233.

   b. Evidence offered suggests no explanation:
   #2, 10, 17, 21, 24, 27, 40, 51, 52, 54, 62, 94, 95, 71,
   75, 77, 79, 83, 95, 111, 122, 135, 151, 152, 154, 162,
   163, 172, 176, 183, 186, 193, 207, 215, 223, 224, 225, 226,
   227, 236, 241, 242, 243, 244, 134.
```

Please note that the OCR output is an attempt to transcribe the text as accurately as possible, but due to the image quality and any potential issues with OCR software, some characters may be incorrect or missing.

- page 65 -

The image you've provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document with text, but the text is very faint and mostly illegible due to the quality of the scan. I will transcribe what is minimally discernible, but please note that there may be inaccuracies due to the low resolution and quality of the image:

It seems that there is a header in the upper left corner, but I can only make out a few characters that look like "T C" followed by a sequence of numbers "9 29 23052". Below that, on the right side, there are clearer characters that say "29 July 47".

Beneath the date appears to be a column of text with various strings of text, but they are not clear enough to reliably transcribe.

At the bottom of the page, the word "UNCLASSIFIED" can be discerned.

I apologize for any inconvenience, but due to the poor image quality, I'm unable to provide a full and accurate transcription of the entire document.

- page 66 -

It appears that there is an extremely faint imprint or watermark of what might be a photograph at the top half of the document page, but due to the quality, light exposure, and the fading of the image, it is not possible to confidently describe any details from it. The text in the document is also largely illegible due to the quality of the scan.

I will attempt to reproduce some of the readable text fragments as accurately as possible, but please note that due to the quality of the image, much of the text is not deciperhable and therefore a complete transcription may not be possible:

"MY CLASSIFIED [...]
as [...] the [...] of [...] and or their [...]
to the [...] lying [...] and [...] gr [...] the [...]
remaining [...] of these [...] the possible [...]
tion [...]
ed [...] in shape [...] anittal [...]
speed [...] then in the distand [...]
and vivid [...] disappeard below the hor [...]
quickly [...] for [...] one photo [...]

Unfortunately, I am unable to provide a complete and fully accurate transcription due to the poor quality and legibility of the document presented in the image.

- page 67 -

The photograph in the document appears to show a rectangular object with a blurred or obscured central part. The object appears to have a relatively clear outline and seems to be suspended or in flight. The image quality is low, and specific details are difficult to discern.

Here is the text output from the document:

---

Incident #22, a -- Hamilton Field, California -- 29 July 1947

The objects observed here were almost certainly not astronomical, although their speed, size, and manner of disappearance might tend to the aircraft hypothesis. The lack of trail and the "tactics" pursued by the second object make the likelihood of that interpretation very slight; however, the possibility cannot be entirely ruled out if considerable allowance is made for looseness in reporting.

---

- page 68 -

The image provided is a scanned document page; there are no photographs on this page.

The text in the document reads as follows:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE COMMANDING GENERAL
HAMILTON FIELD, CALIFORNIA

AIDA
733.5/106

SUBJECT: Investigation of Flying Disc.

11 SEP 1947

TO:
Commanding General, Air Defense Command, Mitchel Field, N.Y.
ATTENTION: AC/AS-2, A-2

Attached 10970 for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

WILLIAM M. TURNER,
CWO, U.S. Army,
Asst. Adjutant General,

1 Incl
M070, Hubbard, dd 3 Sep 47.

1st Ind.

D 333.5 ID (11 Sep 47) 1st Ind.

HQ AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, Mitchel Field, New York. 13 September 1947
TO: Commanding General, Army Air Forces, Washington 25, D.C.
ATTENTION: AC/AS-2, Air Intelligence Requirements Division

R.H.S.

1 Incl.
m/o

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS
NOT AUTOMATICALLY DECLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED, IAW E012958, 8 JUL 977

SECRET

ADDITIONAL COPIES TO BE ISSUED BY DEPARTMENT AIR FORCE
```

Some parts of the text are censored with black bars, and the bottom right section features a decreed of declassification along with a classification that it is now "UNCLASSIFIED." There is also a "SECRET" stamp and a reference to additional copies to be issued by the Department Air Force.

- page 69 -

The document does not contain any photographs. It is a typewritten text with some words redacted. Below is the OCR output of the text from the document:

---
AF-1209-I
Incident
3 September 1947

RESTRICTED FOR THE OFFICER IN CHARGE

Berkeley, California, was interviewed 3 September 1947 at his place of employment, the Ernest Orlando Lawrence Radiation Laboratory, University of California, concerning flying objects he is reported to have seen on 29 July 1947 while in the San Francisco area of this 15th AAF District (AFI). 

states that on the 29th of July 1947 shortly after 12 noon he and [REDACTED] had just landed from a routine training flight when [REDACTED] called his attention to an unidentified flying object that was following a P-80 aircraft at a terrific rate of speed, and estimated the P-80 to be flying at approximately 250 miles per hour on a preliminary approach to landing at Hamilton Field. In his statement on the object he saw following, the P-80 maintained a speed only slightly less that the P-80's for approximately a 3-minute later a 180 degree turn and flew away from the field at a tremendous speed of perhaps 900 to 1,000 miles an hour. The 180 degree turn was described as a 24 aircraft’s maneuvers when accompanying heavier ships, or a left to right movement, over the object first slighted. [REDACTED] stated that his maneuvering continued until the objects were out of sight. He estimated the time to be approximately 15 seconds, the course approximately 120 degrees. [REDACTED] did not estimate the size of the objects nor actual altitude, although he did not hesitate then to say beyond six thousand feet. He indicated vertical type reverses being made by the object nor and unlike any conventional type aircraft he had ever seen. When questioned whether he was familiar with a Navy "Flapjack", [REDACTED] stated that he was, and that he was certain the objects he reported seeing were not of this nature.

ADVISORY NOTE: [REDACTED] is a former officer of the USAF AAF and a P-29 pilot of considerable experience. It would not convey the impression of being the kind of person who would rashly state having seen objects, nor has he any apparent reasons for publicity. [REDACTED], Berkeley, California.

#532

---

- page 70 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned document. The text on the document reads as follows:

```
COPY
INFORMATION UNCLASSIFIED BY
Indemn 1208-11
5 August 1947

MEMORANDUM FOR THE OFFICER IN CHARGE:

On 5 August 1947, this agent interviewed Captain █████ in the 415th AAF BU,
Hamilton Field, California, regarding flying objects in the
air. Captain █████ stated in substénce! He is an instructor pilot in
the 415th Training Unit. On 29 July at 1450, Captain █████ and a student,
1st Lt., █████ parked an AT-6 near the hangar, building 507 of the California, landed
and taxied
Walking From the hangar, Captain █████ observed 2 objects, 415th AAF BU, toward
Just over the senior 's P-80, at approximately 20,000 to 10,000 feet in alti-
tude, Captain █████ saw two flying objects traveling the same direction
as the P-80. He,█████, judged the solid, white, somewhat shiny objects
were approximately 15 to 25 feet in diameter. █████ stated that he
didn't call them discs due to the pliability in the objects, but none ro-
tatin in any w they were circular, like a ball with no sign to suggest its com-
pletely around, and were apparently metallic substance that those objects were not
airplanes.

The first flying object was traveling straight and level, whereas
the second was close behind the first, same altitude, only it seemed to
be going from left to right and right to left, more or less like a guard
in an aircraft formation. Captain █████ futher stated that the speed
of these two objects made a P-80 look as if it was motionless in the air.

The sky was clear, consequently Captain █████ and Lt. █████ watched
the two objects until they diииииppared in fiight, supposedly over Oakland,
headed toward the ocean.

Due to the noise of the P-80, no sound of any kind could be heard from
these flying objects.

These objects did not leasve any vapor, smoke, or any visible trsails
along their flight path.

Captain █████ informed this agent he had never told anyone about
these flying objects, fearing that people would think he was crazy.

AGENT'S NOTES: Captain █████ showed extreme sincerity throughout the
interview, answering all questions with caution and assurance,

JAMES A. NILSSON, Spec, Agt., CIC AAF
```

(Note: The redacted sections, indicated by █████, are where sensitive information, such as names, has been obscured in the original document.)

- page 71 -

There are no photographs present on this document page. Here is the text output from the document:

---

2/Ltr from A/C
dtd 5 Jan 1949
Subj: Project
"SIGN"

1st Ind 21 Jan 1949

AATS ISS

HEADQUARTERS, AIR WEATHER SERVICE Andrews Air Force Base, Wash-
ington 25, D. C.

TO: Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: MCIKAO

Investigations by this headquarters reveal that a synoptic
weather balloon could have been at the location where sightings 
were reported in the following two incidents. In compiling this 
list consideration was given to the wind direction and speed at
the surface and aloft at the scheduled time of local balloon release, and 
the location of the nearest weather station making balloon obser-
vations.

    2      52      91      126
    4      72      93      145
   25      73      94      155
   25      76     105      166
   26      81     113      169
   36      87     115      172

FOR THE CHIEF AIR WEATHER SERVICE

/s/ W. A. West
W. A. WEST
Lt. Col., USAF
Adjutant General

2 Incls.
n/o

---

- page 72 -

The image you provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page with typed text. Here is the text from the document:

```
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS 2

1.  Date                           29 July 47            UNCLASSIFIED          Incident # 52
2.  Time                           1130
3.  Location                       Hamilton Fld., Calif
4.  Name of observer               Capt William E. Ryherd
5.  Occupation of observer         Capt, USAF, - Assistant Operations Officer
6.  Address of observer            Hamilton Fld
7.  Place of observation           Hamilton, Fld., Calif.   38° 05' N 122° 31' W
8.  Number of objects              2
9.  Distance of object from observer observed from ground
10. Time in sight                  N/S
11. Altitude                       8,000 - 10,000 ft
12. Speed                          very fast - made P-80 look as if it were motionless
13. Direction of flight            Southward toward Oakland
14. Tactics                        1st object pursued horizontal flight; 2d object
                                    seemed to be going from left to right and right to left
                                    like guard in aircraft formation
15. Sound                          No sound heard
16. Size                           15-25 ft in diameter
17. Color                          white shiny
18. Shape                          circular like a bell
19. Odor detected                  N/S
20. Apparent construction          N/S
21. Exhaust trails                 None
22. Weather conditions             Clear
23. Effect on clouds               N/S
24. Sketches or photographs        None
25. Manner of disappearance        Disappeared in flight
26. Remarks:                       (over)              UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR
INTERVALS; NOT AUTOMATIC
DECLASSIFIED. RJ03 THE B
```

The rest of the text is obscured at the bottom.

- page 73 -

The image provided appears to be a black and white photocopy or scan of a document, and no clear photograph is present within the image. There seems to be smeared ink or some other form of dark, irregular markings at the bottom of the page, but these do not constitute a distinguishable photograph.

Below is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

---

Capt Ryherd saw two unidentified aerial objects at approximately 8,000 to
10,000 ft traveling above a P-80. He thought they were approximately 15 to
25 feet in diameter. In shape they were circular like a ball on the bottom
but not completely round. The first flew straight and level but the second
flying close behind the first at the same altitude seemed to be going from
left to right and right to left - more like a guard in an aircraft formation.
Due to the noise of the P-80, no sound could be heard from them. They did not
leave any vapor smoke or visible trail. The weather was clear and Captain
Ryherd and Lt Ward Stewart watched them until they disappeared in flight
presumably over Oakland headed toward the ocean.

NOTE: Capt Ryherd showed extreme sincerity throughout the interview

---

- page 74 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS Incident # 52A
1. Date 29 Jul., 47
2. Time After 1200
3. Location Hamilton Fld., California
4. Name of observer Ward L. Stewart
5. Occupation of observer 1st Lt., Air Res. (Former E-29 pilot)
6. Address of observer Hearst Mining Bldg., Univ. ov Calif.
7. Place of observation 38° 03' N 122° 31' W
8. Number of object's 2
9. Distance of object from observer N/S
10. Time in sight 15 seconds
11. Altitude 6,000 ft
12. Speed Approx 750 MPH
13. Direction of flight 120°
14. Tactics Similar to fighter a/c when accompanying heavier ships
15. Sound none
16. Size N/S
17. Color milk white
18. Shape N/S
19. Odor detected N/S
20. Apparent construction N/S
21. Exhaust trails None
22. Weather conditions N/S
23. Effect on clouds N/S
24. Sketches or photographs None
25. Manner of disappearance flew out of sight
26. Remarks: (over)
```
The text "UNCLASSIFIED" is visible at both the top and bottom of the page.

- page 75 -

The image provided appears to be a scanned document page with some redacted or obscured text at the top. There are no distinct photographs visible other than what seems to be random noise or artifacts from the scanning process.

Here is the text contained within the document:

---
Stewart's attention called to unidentified flying object by Capt Ryderd
Stewart estimates the P-80 at 250 miles on preliminary approach for
landing at Hamilton Fld. Object was estimated to be following P-80 at 
three or four times its speed. A moment later another object appeared and
flew a course described as something similar to a fighter's maneuvers when
accompanying a heavier ship, on a left to right movement, over the object
first sighted. The object continued this maneuvering until out of sight.
Size could not be estimated but not believed to be above 6,000 ft altitude.
Described as milky-white in color, and unlike any conventional aircraft seen.
---

Please note that due to the quality of the scan, there may be errors or omissions in the text transcription.

- page 76 -

The image appears to contain a text document without any photograph. Here is the text as requested:

```
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

MCIAO-3/2493/na
Jan 5 1949

MCIAO

SUBJECT: Project "SIGN"

TO: Chief, Air Weather Service,
Andrews Air Force Base,
Washington 25, D. C.
AV/11/ DDS

1. Project "SIGN" is responsible for the collection, investiga-
tion and interpretation of data relative to a sighting of unidentified
flying objects. Attached Incident Summaries 1 through 172 from the files
of Project "SIGN" are forwarded for study and recommendation as to
which of the incidents may be elimintated as balloons released on routing
synoptic ascents by the Air Weather Service, the Navy Aerological
Service or the United States Weather Bureau. The summaries attached
may be retained in your headquarters for working and reference purposes.

2. The Air Weather Service is the only agency of its type that
has been asked to assist in the accomplishment of Project "SIGN" except
that the United States Weather Bureau has provided information on ball
lightning. Research projects in which balloons and Air Force are
engaged or approved by the Army, Navy or industrial parties are 
conducted by the Intelligence Department of this Command. These checks 
should be made direct from the Project "SIGN" Office, MCIAO-3. These 
checks are distinct from the check of synoptic balloon flights made by 
weather service stations of the Air Force, the Navy and the Department 
of Commerce. (U. S. Weather Bureau) requested of Air Weather Service.

3. It is the opinion of this office that the balloon listed inci-
dents are those having the greatest possibility of being balloons. This 
list does not eliminate the possibility that many of the remaining
incidents are balloons.

2. 24. 50 91 115 155
25. 52. 92 113 156
25. 72. 95 153 157
11. 30. 73 106 154 159
16. 51. 67 105 151 163
11. 33. 57 107,8,9 155 167
22 33 59 112(3/22) 154 169
23 154

-3-31-3-
```

- page 77 -

The image shown is a photocopy of a textual document. There is no photograph present in the image. Due to the quality of the image, much of the text is illegible. Here's the text that can be reasonably made out:

"- 8 - At the time - these - - attempted was - - concerning the subject mentioned - - to the subject with quite a - interest - any other - - thought - - - that I had seen last summer - - - think that through the first observation we had been - - - they - miles course south in that direction the next summer. Before - - - in case of - shooting stars. I noticed that this - - - phenomena - - that the FAA had announced, probably, of course - - it - - I had just read in the course of - - amount of speculation and also publicity on the subject. The - - - light beams unannounced in the area which - - giving assurance in the press and thought that the air scouts themselves were - - - after I took out in that I took out a book - - - - - - of the occurrences - - - I saw - - - aluminum which looked - - - apparent size for a time which I dropped the subject and while - - - - - - we - supposed - - - - - - - range - found out later - over the country -

- 5 description of the light objects 7 times - possible, fine observations of the sun - - - - - - - object appeared to be at greatest proximity to the mountains, the position or - - - of mental calculations for possible to - - impression of condition of air at the time - - - Had no way of judging the - - - - speed except - - change perception - - - - - - by any chance not over 30 feet - - - - range of vision of object had cleared away approximately 4 to 5 miles - - description of the distance of the object it was - - - - in front or - - - toward that direction. At no time either - - - or - - - - - - - - - - that we had been contemplating the appearance of - - instant put the - - behind the - - - there were - - - if - of the particular and that - - - - possible to notice partial - - - limit of clarity of - - - dimensional effect Based upon our - - - - - to take care of astronomical - - - arrangements - - down the object from the time - - - - - - considerable size 500 feet - - - - bore approximate - over a distance of 30 to - - curve - - - - - - - became round out and - - - - - - the speed which - - - - would I could only perceive a - - - - blur - - - - - - - - - - - - - - on the basis - - - believed - - - to be - - the thread of a - - - - - phenomenon. I recall - - - to be - - - - - - much - - - - - cloud open would be heard - - - sounds which definitely did not - - - - - - - point he - - - - - - tell what her - - - - - - similar by - - - attitude and direction of travel it - - - - drive - - to notify - - - - about 5 of the - - - - - - - flying saucer - in a - - airplane in - - - - - 1½ miles.

3"

The text is fragmented and partially obscured, making it difficult to decipher the full content of the document. It appears to be related to observations and speculations about unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

- page 78 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document with typewritten text. Here is the transcription of the text found in the document:

```
HQ AMC, ChGO, Air Weather Service, Washington 25, D. C.
Subj: Project "SIGN"

4. The form used in interrogating witnesses to sightings is
viewed as a matter of interest. Comment as to possible improvement
of those "essential elements of information" in regard to routine
synoptic balloon flights is invited.

5. It is requested that correspondence be forwarded to the
Commanding General, Headquarters, Air Material Command, attention
MCIAO-3.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

2 Incls.
Summaries 1-172 incl.
"SIGN"

Copies Furnished;

AFOIR, Hq. USAF
Capt. Trakowski, Geophysics Lab
Major Foud, MCIAASP
Colonel Haal, MCIAIS

/s/ W. R. Clingerman, Col, USAF
for I. H. McCoy
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Dept.
```

- page 79 -

The image provided is a text document without any photographs. Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
DR. HYNEK'S EVALUATIONS EXTRACTED FROM PROJECT GRUDGE REPORT.

CIRCULAR INDEX

1. Astronomical 
   
   a. High probability:
   #26, 27, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 43, 48, 49, 59, 60, 66, 69, 70, 94,
   99, 96, 97, 98, 101, 102, 103, 104, 116, 119, 132, 136, 140,
   147, 148, 158, 174, 184, 189, 197, 203, 204, 208, 216,
   219, 238.
   
   b. Fair or low probability:
   #10, 20, 23, 24, 28, 35, 36, 45, 46, 50, 63, 67, 80, 82, 93, 100,
   112, 120, 121, 129, 130, 144, 153, 163, 166, 167, 178, 192,
   199, 202, 205, 220, 230, 240.

2. Non-astronomical but suggestive of other explanations
   
   a. Balloons or ordinary aircraft:
   #1, 11, 22, 41, 42, 53, 54, 73, 81, 83, 91, 92, 113, 114, 115,
   125, 131, 138, 141, 145, 155, 156, 157, 159, 160, 161, 163,
   169, 171, 173, 178, 180, 182, 188, 190, 194, 195, 196, 198,
   200, 201, 209, 210, 217, 222, 235, 237, 239.
   
   b. Kookots, flares or falling bodies:
   #4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 25, 55, 65, 78, 106, 107,
   108, 109, 133, 170, 211, 213.
   
   c. Miscellaneous (reflections, auroral streamers, birds, etc.):
   #39, 80, 123, 124, 128, 146, 164, 181, 189, 214, 221, 231, 234.

3. Non-astronomical, with no explanation evident
   
   a. Lack of evidence precludes explanation:
   #38, 44, 45, 47, 55, 57, 72, 86, 87, 88, 90, 99, 110, 117, 118,
   126, 127, 137, 139, 149, 150, 177, 179, 191, 205, 212, 213,
   229, 232, 233.
   
   b. Evidence offered suggests no explanation:
   #2, 3, 10, 17, 21, 29, 37, 40, 51, 52, 58, 61, 62, 64, 68, 71,
   75, 76, 77, 79, 84, 105, 111, 122, 135, 151, 152, 154, 162,
   163, 172, 174, 183, 185, 193, 207, 215, 223, 224, 225, 226,
   227, 236, 241, 242, 243, 244, 134.
```

- page 80 -

The image provided appears to be a scanned page from an old document, but it does not contain any photographs. It contains only text. Here is the transcribed content of the document:

---

"The extraordinary Celestial" mystery
The report of what is believed to be the largest
saucer ever observed reached the aasssstant
Flying Saucer Bureau from Nairobi, East Africa
Eye witness, Mrs. A.M. King of P.O. Box 4112,
Nairobi, writes:

       I was sitting at the end of June.
to S.S. Aamodtborg Castle en route to Cap-
town, and going through the Suez on or
about the sixth, sighting flying ships was out
of question since low peasant is at approximately-
12 p.m. when we viewed a particularly bright
star. I was traveling very high and appeared which
this with suddenly a searchlight appeared which
flashed a strong beam of light on the water within
25 yards to the ship. It described its nearest
shortening, and beamed lighter than its beam
the water and the next instant there was no more
light, but an object appeared apparently made
of steel and shaped like a cigar cut at the rear
end. It resulted in the altitude 20 ft. above the
sea remained on the air above the Castle, and
moved in the same direction.

       Culting b made its speed, after a second or
two the whole shape disappeared without a
sound, from our fiss rightgone flames which
shot out to almost half the length of the might,
I happened that there since big silence was a
boiling fire inside the ship. No-second Cloud
began to rise from the flames. No windows could
be seen, only a band of metal around the entire
thing, which, if it has been an employed cigar-
shape would have been certainly situated.

         The object was very large, about four times
the length of the aaroddborg Castle, and at a
rough guess about four times as high.

         We had a wonderful view, but in a few
seconds, it disappeared. No sight was had for
what causes is it is made and remains solely, ex-
cept its form. For a while it sighted usot was
the only one on deck at that time, but watoh-
ing the prows of the ship we saw some one did
not to slip off well with a fw Nsiavs . thus the
quite party of whom had seen the same thing
Whether it is recorded in the ship’s.

Note.
       The story I related to my husband and
friends, but without them showing any enthus-
iasm. I let the matter drop, and to my surprised
read letter of Captain Bicknell's experience over
Naples of similar15015, and saw to a shape similar
such hint an illustration of what I had seen and
drawn previously for my husband and several
friends.

       I saw this from a common response with
sighs of the object seen by Captain Bicknell and
Others over Mt. Kilimanjaro in February, 1953.
But only portibible differences being that the
was one principal off object and passes it over his
side and Bicknell; other nor did it possess any
sound but on the side, emitting burnt steam is
visible. The Bicknell object had several bands

---

Please note that the quality of the original document is poor, making some parts of the text difficult to discern accurately. Some words or lines might not be transcribed correctly due to the illegibility of the original scan.

- page 81 -

The image provided is a scanned black and white document with text and a table, but there are no photographs present.

The text displayed in the document is partially obscured by redaction marks. However, I will produce the unredacted text as requested:

```
MMST PROJECT 1947 SIGHTINGS

CODE   DATE    LOCATION    OBSERVER    EVALUATION

AUG
66  3 Aug Milan, Italy (CIV. ILLUSTR.) Civilian   Insufficient Data
DR 143  3 Aug Danforth, Illinois   Civilian   Weather (cloud)
83  3 Aug Hackensack, New Jersey          Insufficient Data
50      4 Aug Boston, Massachusetts        Astro (Sun Dog)
59  4 Aug Bethel, Alas.                   N/C
69,70       6 Aug Philly-Sandy, Pennsylvania      Astro (Meteor)
     7 Aug Hiller Swandale, Ohio          Insufficient Data
76      13 Aug Simon Dts., Idaho           Astro
75      13 Aug Twin Falls, Idaho           Insufficient Data
67      14 Aug S. Placerville, California          Astro (star)
135     15-20 Aug Denver, South Dakota          Weather (cloud)
64      19 Aug Twin Falls, Idaho           Chair (birds)
      Late Aug Holloman_ary, New Mexico            Other (False targets)
      11 Aug St. Louis, Missouri           N/A

SEPT
51      3 Sep Oswego, Oregon              UNIDENTIFIED -
51,62       6 Sep Logan, Utah              Other (birds)
57      10 Sep Pacific Ocean (Stoker I.)          Military Air
59      12 Sep Ft. Richardson, Alaska         ARMY Officer          Astro (astro.)
72      17 Sep           ISO, mhcd
19      22 Sep Toronto, Canada             Other (hoax.)
...
```

Please note that some text is illegible due to redactions and the poor quality of the scan. The entries in the table appear to describe UFO sightings, their locations, the observer's classification (such as Civilian, Military Air, ARMY Officer), and the evaluation of the sighting (e.g., Insufficient Data, Weather (cloud), Astro (Sun Dog), N/C for No Comment, UNIDENTIFIED, etc.).

- page 82 -

The image is a scanned page of a document, and it contains no photographs. It appears to be a text document with a significant amount of text degradation, making it difficult to discern the contents. Below is the text I can decipher from the image:

---
e. Although I could not accurately judge the distance, I know
ings the object is light and metallic of a couple thousand
feet with the object, several times applying the object completely,
course, requiring a more or less projectile such as escaping a
air control, conducted with in a yet non this object might however
it the object to move at such speed. The speed of the object
disappeared from time with the rest of various reports and assume
no definite to shift course while I observed it. It did not
reportedly lose altitude.
 
f. ... color. the object had the appearance of flat-rimmed white
light. it. No red ... might with light with no red ... The rim mo on on
light night. ... the motion it visible to at ... the course 
black lines from the ... to the red circle end in four or discarded
floor, or perhaps the structure of the ... and could be followed
through record ... the building ...The objects to immediately d cloud
conditions or our local Ruttan Radar Hill. 
there ... in broken clouds at that time of inclination, or
tod ... to track on or suitable conditions and must ... 
mediate vicinity at the time that seems ...
not ... Since it does have been impossible back therefore. I do not
personally remember the weather conditions that the T. ... radar
not blinking. 

g. Although the date of this occurrence is not inclined to think of
it as usual, enough to make my ... Mr. ... describe ... to her, nor by any
... shout it make an occasion service as I passed without considerable
from the ... fleeting glimpse I had of similar ... Add in the outer bur
considered just the that it could come ... the phenomenon at cause being
... of his brother Captain one ... 2500 hours, outside and perhaps
rarely behind come it ... routine ... the action ... by reaction and speed
...
only the that can ... as ... meteorological ...
... above the cloud-base ... go on could hardly ... before ... long as
... since he would have at least shared in ...
... not entering ... result of imagination, and ... lend not genuine,
which fell in one place. 

---

Please note that due to the poor quality of the document, parts of the text are illegible or missing, and therefore, a complete and accurate transcription is not possible. The text appears to be describing observations of an unidentified flying object with specific details about its appearance, movement, and conditions at the time of the sighting.

- page 83 -

