The image provided is a scanned page, and it appears to contain no photographs, only text and redacted parts. However, due to its low-resolution and significant portions of content being redacted or illegible, accurately extracting all the text presented in the document is not possible. I can provide an approximation of what I can discern:

```
                [REDACTED]
                ( Fall 1949
[ILLEGIBLE]
[REDACTED] 
discs...
Head of lecture... 20-30 ft...
...ANY...

[REDACTED] [ILLEGIBLE] seemed...not alarmed...

...AT 3 MIL...
```

Keep in mind this is not an accurate transcription due to the document's condition, and some of the text may be misinterpreted or incomplete.

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph; it is a page from a document. Here is the text from the document as per your request for OCR output:

```
ICLASS/GWT/asw
                  17

REDACTED

Vineyard Haven, Mass.

Dear Mr. REDACTED

Receipt of your letter dated 6 May 1949, is acknowledged.

Your action in reporting this matter to the proper author-
ities is appreciated.

                          Sincerely yours,

                          T. T. CRULL
                          Colonel, USAF
                          Chief, Analysis Division
                          Intelligence Department
```

- page 2 -

The image contains no photographs; it is a scanned page of a typewritten document. I will now provide the text as an OCR output:

---
Technical Intelligence Division,
Air Material Command,
Wright-Patterson Field,
Dayton, Ohio.

VAN RYPER

VINEYARD HAVEN, MASS.

6 May 1949

Gentlemen - This is a report of an observation made at Vineyard Haven, Island of Martha's Vineyard, before dawn on a day last Fall, I did not make a note of the date but it co-incided closely with the arrival of a squadron of jet planes at Otis Air Base, Camp Edwards, Cape Cod.

The observation was made from a large second floor window facing northeast toward the Cape about 8 miles distant. The weather was stormy.

I went into the room with the northeast window without turning on the light as I wanted to look out over the harbor to see how the storm was developing.

Beyond this window, seemingly over the Cape, I saw in the sky chains of luminous discs moving in swift evolutions.

The individual discs in the chain had the appearance of being about the size of the head of a safety match, and the chains about the length of a match-stick.

In color the chains were faint shades of blue, lavender, pink and green.

My first reaction was of incredulity. I turned away from the window, went to a dark corner of the room to make sure my eyes weren't playing tricks on me, then returned to the window.

The display was continuing. The chains soared, dipped, and swerved, - each chain was rigidly straight-line, there was no haphazard, looping, bending, I did not get through the above a dozen of them but did not attempt a count because the movement was so rapid and intricate. In general the pattern was concentric, but some chains rose outwardly in fountain-like rings and single down, again into the pattern.

Opposite the window was a divan, I sat down, lighted a cigarette, and watched the aerial manouvrings, The chains 

---

[The text cuts off at the end and is incomplete.]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. Here is the transcription of the text:

```
2.

swept up, glided and dived, interweaving as they traced their
their paths. Movement was co-ordinated and there was no feeling
that the chains would collide.

The chains did not have the appearance of strung beads,
but gave the impression that the discs over-lapped slightly,
like fish scales, as if the discs were set obliquely to the axis.
It was this positioning which produced the effect or the elements
of the chains being discs with the flat surface presented to the
observer rather than spheres.

I thought at first that what I was seeing had something to
do with the Jet planes which I knew were scheduled to arrive.
Against this was the fact that the storm was blowing so hard that
it was impossible flying weather for pre-jet planes. Also the
movement of the chains was so swift and involved and concentrated
that I couldn't imagine planes going through such manouvers.

I thought of exhaust gases or tracer-flares, but the chains
appeared to be self-propelled and guided. They were luminous and
with a faint haloization, but there were no comet-tails or streams or
swishes of light.

Attempting to find a relative descriptive of what I was
seeing, I thought of the back-ground pattern of Disney's "Fantasia".

I remembered, too, Fourth of July fire-works. The trajectories
the chains were like the bursts from "Flower-pots" and the chains
themselves reminded me of star-chains from exploded rockets, but
with two essential points of difference:
     (1) They appeared to be propelled, not floating.
     (2) In general they were horizontal, sometimes up-tilted,
          but never vertical.

I judged the chains dipped to not less than 3000 feet above
the Cape and rose to several times that hight.

As daybreak began the display diminished. There were fewer
and fewer chains and finally none. I had been watching for from
five to ten minutes.

That morning when the crew came to work at the shop, I said
nothing, for I felt that others must have seen this occurrence and
there would be reports of it. There were none, either then or
subsequently. In mid-morning I told my wife what I had seen, and
we agreed to say nothing, believing there would be other accounts.
There have been none.

It was not dis-associated, and I forgot I was sworn to a half
promised Air Force probablility that it had steem as of the trail
of some Air Force experiment, it made almost no mention of the
circumstances except telling Mrs._____ and two nights later
her father and mother. In the intervening months the incident was
virtually forgotten until the re-renewed publicity given the subject
of discs last week.
```

- page 4 -

There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Text Output:
```
3.

One statement I believe should be added is that, having often
seen the Northern Lights, the display that I witnessed had nothing
to do with that phenomenon unless in a black storm it was trying
out a new performance.

I hope this information may be of use to you.

Yours truly,
[REDACTED BLACKED OUT AREA]
```

- page 5 -

