The image does not contain an actual photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with text and two redacted sections. Below is the text visible on the document as if being read by OCR:

```
(INFORMATION REDACTED) Incident #163
DATE_________      21 July 1948
 (LOCATION REDACTED)             Van Nuys, Calif.
                  Ord. Reserve Officer
SOURCE_______
DATE OF REPORT____________       TYPE OF OBSERVATION_       TIME OF OBSERVATION___
                One hr. before dark   Both Luminoueness like fluorescence
SHAPE__________Round tending to spherical              and shining which gradually changed to
TYPE OF WEATHER BALLOON AT 2,000'______    
COLOR______   E to W                                         a body at about 15,000' to
ALTITUDE_______
NO. IN GROUP_   1                                             TIME OF OBSERVATION_____About an hour
                                                Ground
SPEED_______________
                                            Involved a vertical arc of
DURATION_________
                                                about 25ø or more.
SECURITY INFORMATION
(IC COMM) ATRC Form 30½
(2 Jan 52)
```

Please note that due to the redacted sections, some of the information is missing or obscured, and there may be inaccuracies due to the quality of the document and the limitations of OCR technology.

- page 1 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text from the document:

---

Ltr, FTD, to CG, AMC, Subj: Analysis of Proj. "Grudge" Reported Incidents

4. It is believed that certain of the items in the questionnaire -- Checklist-Identification Flying Objects -- produce insignificant and unreliable data from an observer. These are: 9, Distance of object from observer; 11. Altitude; 12. Speed; and 16. Size. For any unfamiliar object beyond the focal range of the human eyes (about 60 ft.), these four factors are mutually inter-dependent and therefore indeterminant unless at least one of them (and some observed angles) are known. Directly asking an observer about these indeterminants not only gets unreliable data but induces wild answers because the observer is led into making a statement about quantities for which he has no basis in fact. He will unconsciously assume knowledge of some one of these factors and so give incorrect information on all. The people (many of whom should know better) still absurdly give fantastic evaluations on significant figures on these questions, which really cannot be answered at all, is proof of the unreliability of their information.

5. It is suggested that these four items on the questionnaire be replaced by questions which will yield answers possible of being independent facts in terms of the observer's best estimates of angles and time. From such data given by observers of the same object at two different places, a reliable ocular triangulation could be made of the object's size, altitude, speed and path. These data should include:

a. An estimate of the angular size of the object. A quick but reasonable estimate can be made by comparing this angle subtended by the index finger held at arms length. The finger (at 25" wide) of an average man is a 2'6 20' to 30' (arc) length fully suff edged an angle of appoximately two degrees. In this way angular size from about 1/2 to about 50 can be estimated.

b. The range of the object's flight in terms of the angle subtended by the ooserved path. If the object moves in a reasonably straight course it is important to observe the position at the beginning and end of its course. After this flight has been completed a person can extend his arms toward the two points and also at 90 o or 120 o and by comparison estimate the angular extent of the flight. It is also important that information which will determine those directions relative to a compass point be given. If the angular course is associated with objects on the horizon, with roads, with the sun (if the time of day is also noted) or by the north star, this orientation can be rechecked at any later time.

c. The time required for the object to traverse this observed course. This is probably the most DIFFICULT estimate to make. Timing items as such is the most satisfactory, but an observer is seldom prepared to do so. Seconds can be counted with good accuracy by saying, 

---

(The last portion of the text is cut off in the image provided.)

- page 2 -

The image does not contain photographs; it is a scanned page of text from a document.

The text in the document reads:

---

Ltr, ERH, to CG, AJC, Subj Analysis of Proj. “Grudge” Reported Incidents

"At a flying saucer; two flying saucers, three flying saucers" ----etc., or more relaxing speed. On the other hand it is not easy to count seconds and at the same time make all the other desirable observations, It must be remembered that when a person is excited his estimates of time are apt to be rather inaccurate.

d. Estimation of the elevation angle of the object. Almost all persons will overestimate elevation angles. This tendency can be reduced by the observer extending one arm vertically and the other horizontally to observe a 90° angle. The vertical arm can then be lowered to point to the observed object. In this way the observed angle can be compared with a 90° angle and a more accurate estimate obtained.

6. It is realized that it might not be possible for an observer to perform the operations suggested in the preceding paragraph, during the period the object is sighted. If he would immediately reconsider what he saw and then estimate such measurements, he should be able to give quantitatively answers accurate to at least 25%. In interrogating observers, they should also be asked to reconstruct the observations and then estimate them as soon as possible. It is suggested that instructions for making such quick and estimated observations be given to weather observers, control tower operators, civil pilots, forest and fire . rangers, and other such people who might have good chance of seeing unidentified flying objects. If any information concerning unidentified flying objects is given to the public, instructions for reliable observations should be included.

7. This organization will be pleased to be of any further assistance required in connection with this matter.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER; 

/s/ A. C. Trakowski, Jr.
A. C. TRAKOWSKI, JR.
Captain, USAF
Director, Base Directorate
for Geophysical Research

Incls
1. List of balloons launched (in trip)
2. 8" x 10" photo print of plastic balloon
3. 5" x 7" photo print of plastic balloon

---

The document appears to be discussing methods of observing and estimating the characteristics of unidentified flying objects and provides instructions for improving the accuracy of such observations. It also mentions attachments to the letter which include lists of balloon launches and photo prints.

- page 3 -

The image provided is a black and white scanned document with text only. There are no photographs present within the image. Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
CHECK-LIST - UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
Incident # 153

1. Date 22 July 48
2. Time Hour before dark
3. Location Van Nuys, Calif
4. Name of observer Capt. ———————— & wife
  (Confidential)
5. Occupation of observer Ordnance Reserve Officer
6. Address of observer ———————— Ave., Canoga Park, Calif
7. Place of observation Van Nuys, Calif.
8. Number of objects 1
9. Distance of object from observer ————— overhead
10. Time in sight ————— about an hour
11. Altitude great height
12. Speed 1/3
13. Direction of flight toward the sun from the East or ———— 
                                           3 to W
14. Tactics ———— traveled a vertical arc of about 25° or more
15. Sound 1/3
16. Size of weather balloon at 2000 ft
17. Color brilliant luminescence like fluorescent lamp which gradually 
      changed to orange color at dusk
18. Shape round tending to spherical
19. Odor detected 1/3
20. Apparent construction 1/3
21. Exhaust trails 1/3
22. Weather conditions CAVU ground temperature 70-75°
23. Effect on clouds 1/3
24. Sketches or photographs None
25. Manner of disappearing snapped off like a lamp when you throw switch
26. Remarks: (Over)
```

The text contains redactions marked with a series of dashes, presumably to remove sensitive information such as the names and addresses of the observers.

- page 4 -

The image you have provided does not contain a photograph; it is a page of text. Here is the text output from the document:

Object appeared round and probably spherical. At first looked 
similar to weather balloon at about 2000 ft but there was no 
characteristic bobbing. The wind was blowing the ground with 
fair strength and gusty yet the object was quite steady. In the 
time it was under observation (about an hour) it traveled thru a 
vertical arc of about 25° or more. After watching the object for 
a while the observer concluded that whatever it was the thing was 
at great height but not a star, It had a bluish luminescence like 
a fluorescent lamp and as the sun set the color gradually changed to an 
orange color at dusk and finally snapped off like a lamp when the 
switch is thrown. The outline was clear and sharp and symmetrical (no 
fuzziness or blurring), the air clear with visibility unlimited. 
Direction of travel from East directly toward the sun.

- page 5 -

The image displayed does not contain a photograph. Here is the text from the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED
Canoga Park, Calif.

G-2
Air Materiel Command
Wright Field, Ohio

Gentlemen:

REPORT OF STRANGE OBJECT IN FLIGHT

On the evening of 22 July 1947, my wife and I were having dinner in the 
patio of an open air market in Van Nuys, California. We arrived there
about an hour before dark. Our attention was attracted by other patrons
to a strange object in the sky almost directly overheard.

Description. It appeared to be round and probably spherical. At first
it appeared to be a weather balloon at about 20,000 feet but there was none
of the characteristic bobbing. The wind was blowing on the ground in
rather strong and gusty. The object was quite steady, hence we watching
it a while I concluded that whatever it was it was at a great height but not
a star. It had a bluish haze or luminance like a fluorescent lamp and as the
sun set the color gradually changed to an orange color at dusk and finally
snapped off like a lamp when you throw the switch (at which moment I was
looking right at it). In about an hour that I had been observing it, the
object had travelled through a vertical arc of about 5 degrees or more.
The outline of the object was clear and sharp and symmetrical (no fuzziness
or blurring); the air was very clear with visibility unlimited; ground
temperature about 70-75 degrees dropping to about 60 degrees an hour after
dark (two hour time lapse); direction of travel was from East directly
toward the sun.

Very truly yours,

Capt. Ord-----


DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image you've provided. It contains text from a document. Here is the reproduced text as requested:

---
UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO
L/CLAD-3/EWS/ew
8 September 1948
SUBJECT: Project "SIGN"

TO: Chief
Los Angeles Procurement Field Office
1206 Senest St.
Box J & Jg, Terminal Annex
Los Angeles 54, California
ATTN: Mr. William C, Sproull

1. This Command is currently engaged in an intelligence investi-
gation of all reported sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena.

2. Reference is made to inclosed letter from 
Yuriel Ave., Canoga Park, California, to Air Material Command, 13 Aug
1948, concerning an object observed in Van Nuys, California.

3. It is requested that Mr.  be interviewed and that a signed
graphic statement be obtained. This statement should indicate the follow-
ing salient factors: location, date and time of sighting, weather condi-
tions at the time, names, occupations and addresses of witnesses, pho-
tographs or sketches, construction, number, shape, size, color, speed, in
what part of the sky first observed, direction, manner of disappearance,
apparent altitude of object, altitude and azimuth of any aircraft objects
on clouds, diagram of flight pattern (if any), whether luminous, or effect
on clouds, or missile(s), altitude (if any), exhaust trail, odor, impact
condensation or if the object(s) appeared to be carrying lights.

4. In connection with this investigation, request that 

a. Local teletype sequence of weather conditions and the Winds
Aloft Report at the time of the sighting be obtained.

b. Local flight schedules of commercial and military aircraft
flying in the vicinity at the time be checked.

c. Possible releases of testing devices sent aloft by Ordnance,
Navy, Army, Air Forces, Weather Bureau, Research Organizations, or any
other, in the vicinity, be investigated.

5. It is realized that personnel be convinced of the necessity
of avoiding publicity in relation to this investigation and that the
considered "Confidential".

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DRP 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
---


Please note that I have redacted the name of the person referred to in the document as "Mr. —" since identifying individuals from such documents goes against the usage policy.

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph; it is a page from a document. Here is the text from the document:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED

AMC
Subject: Project "SIGN"

6. All material will be forwarded directly to Commanding General,
Hq, AMC, Wright-Patterson AF Base, Dayton, Ohio, attention: MCI, in
accordance with USAF letter dated 26 February 1948.

BY COMMAND OF GENERAL McMARMY:

James R. Scarlett
W. N. CLINGERMAN afc AFSC
Colonel, USAF
1. lcl:
l. Cy ltr
dtd 13 Aug 48
Chief, Technical Intelligence
Division
Intelligence Department

Subj: Project "SIGN"
(Same as ltr dtd 5 Sep 48)

1st Ind.
(ID)2501 I/737:mb

3rd-District 5F OSI, (IG), Western District at PFO, 2-C. 0. Box 3519, Term-
inal Annex, Los Angeles 54, California, 30 September 1948

TO: Commanding General, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base, Dayton, Ohio, ATTENTION; MCIAO-3

1. Report of investigation transmitted herewith.

2. Request this office be advised whether further investigation is
desired in this case.

F. J. VOSHELL
Lt. Col., USAF
Acting Chief
531-District Office 5F

Incl:
Cy ltr dtd 13 Aug 48
1 withdrwn
Report dtd 29 Sep 48 (Dpl)
2 added

"DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

2 UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL
```

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from an official document titled "REPORT OF INVESTIGATION" related to Project Blue Book. There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
"HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCINTELLIGENCE
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS 
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
DATE 30 September 1948

"REPORT MADE BY William A. Spaulle
POST, NASSEN DISTRICT AF PROCUREMENT Office
PERIOD 17, 21, 22, 23, 27, 28 September 1948
OFFICE OF ORIGIN FJ!DSJ, Western District. AF Procurement Office

STATUS CLOSED

PROJECT "SIGN"
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT

SPECIAL INQUIRY
REFERENCE (_.-: None, this is an initial report

SYNOPSIS

Investigation requested by Commanding General, Air Materiel Commad.
Aerial object sighted six 21 July-19515-was viewed by qualified
astronomical observers, through 3”, 6” and 12” telescopes at Griffith
Observatory, Los Angeles, California, and Mount Wilson Observatory,
Pasadena, California. Aerial object described as a ribbed, pear-
shaped balloon of latex color, with bright rectangular disk suspended
from lower portions of balloon. Diameter of balloon approximately
twenty-five (25) feet.

DISTRIBUTION
OSI, Ia... 2
CC, AMC(MCXLO-3) 2
711a 2

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
CC, AMC (MCXLO-3)

FILE STAMP

APPROVED
DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS 
DOD DIR. 5200.10

L. F. TOYNILL
Acting

AFOCI FORM 1
23 JULY 1948
(REV. 3-1057. 12-2)

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 9 -

The image provided is a scanned document page and there are no photographs present on it. I will now act as an OCR and provide the text output as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. This investigation was requested by the Commanding General, Air
Material Command, through COLONEL T. Z. CHYNOWETH, Chief, Technical Intelligence
Division, Intelligence Department, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson Air
Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, per letter dated 3 September 1948, Symbol MONLO-J-3,
letter contained report of sighting unidentified aerial object over Van Nuys,
California, 22 July 1948, by MR. [REDACTED].

2. On 17 September 1948, MR.[REDACTED], Power Consultant, of
[REDACTED] Vanal Avenue, Canoga Park, California, was interviewed regarding sight-
ing of unidentified aerial object on 22 July 1948. [REDACTED] referred to the
letter of 13 August 1948 which he addressed to Air Material Command, Wright-
Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, report of observation of objects ques-
tion. His statement was substantially the same. [REDACTED] additional re-
marks made and information given by him are: 1. Included in sighted observa-
tions, a "balloonist's theodolite" or kindred item was spotted. Same re-
search in question is this type of aeronautical apparatus. 2. Observed two
objects in question the short subject was spherical in shape and reflected a
bluish color luminescence, seen as an internal lam.

3. On 17 September 1948, MRS. [REDACTED] housewife, of [REDACTED]
Avenue, Canoga Park, California, was interviewed regarding sighting of aerial
object over Van Nuys, California, on 22 July 1948. MRS. [REDACTED]'s statement
is substantially the same as MR. [REDACTED]'s of the same date, statement is attached to
this report marked as Exhibit II. Her description of the object in question was: The
object appeared to be spherical in shape, metallic in substance, reflecting
the colors of yellow and orange and a deeper hues such as purple, 

4. MR. and MRS. [REDACTED] both stated the object in question
was sighted on 22 July 1948. However, during the course of the interrogation,
it was revealed by both MR. and MRS. [REDACTED] that it was on a Wednesday evening
that the object was observed. The date, therefore, would have correctly been
21 July 1948 that the object was observed instead of 22 July 1948.

5. On 21 September 1948, DR. [REDACTED], Solar Observer,
Mount Wilson Observatory, Pasadena, California; home address, [REDACTED]
[REDACTED] Avenue, Pasadena, California, was interviewed. DR. [REDACTED]
interrogated concerning his observation of unidentified aerial object which
he observed through a 3" and 6½" telescope at Mount Wilson Observatory between
hours of 1900 and 2030 on 21 July 1948, DR. [REDACTED] described the object
as quite dim and consisting of a thin, transparent outer envelope. This outer
sphere at the top kept the whole of the object having the shape of a pear and
beneath the pear-shaped assembly, a square yellow disk attached by cords,
a signed statement was obtained from DR. [REDACTED] giving all pertinent facts
and is attached to this report as Exhibit III. DR. [REDACTED] stated that his
information which was released to the Los Angeles newspapers in regard to the
object in question was relayed to him immediately at Mount Wilson Observatory,
The information released was erroneous and was given on snap judgment. DR.
[REDACTED] replied that he never heard the statement that "the object, the aero-
naut in the telephone and heard the assistant state to the newsmen that the

DOWNGRADED AT 3-YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that for privacy reasons, certain pieces of information such as names and addresses have been redacted from the document.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the image you provided. It is a page of text from a document. I'll now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and provide you with the text found in the document:

```
DETAILS: UNCLASSIFIED
1. This investigation was requested by the Commanding General, Air
Material Command, through CGM, T. 2. CITZBACH, Chief, Technical Intelligence
Division, Intelligence Department, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson Air
Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, per latter dated 3 September 1948, symbol HOMJAC-3-
4749, containing report of sighting unidentified aerial object over Van Nuys,
California, 22 July 1948, by MR. XXXXXXXX and MRS. XXXXXXXX, Canoga Park,
California, and requested attempt be made by this office to identify the object.

2. On 17 September 1948, MR. XXXXXXXX, Power Consultant, of
8531 Variel Avenue, Canoga Park, California, was interviewed regarding sights-
ing of identified aerial object on 22 July 1948. MR. XXXXXXX referred to the
letter of 13 August 1948 which he addressed to Air Material Command, Wright-
Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, stating description of object as the
"size of a man's three XXXXX". During the interview about 50 additional ques-
tions, based on interrogation by this agent, is included in a signed statement
which is attached to this report as Exhibit I. MR. XXXXXXX's impression of the
object in question is that the object was spherical in shape and reflected a
brilliant aluminumness, much so as a razor blade.

3. On 17 September 1948, MRS. XXXXXXXXXX, housewife, of
8531 Variel Park, California, was interviewed regarding sighting of aerial
object over Canoga Park, California, on 22 July 1948. MRS. XXXXXXX's statement
is as follows in the case of MR. XXXXXXXX. A signed statement is attached to
this report as Exhibit II. Her impression of the object in question was that
this appeared to be spherical in shape, metallic in substance, reflecting
the colors of yellow and orange and deeper hues such as purple.

WITNESS MR. and MRS. XXXXXXXXXX both stated the object in question
was sighted on 22 July 1948. However, during the course of the interrogation,
it was revealed by both MR. and MRS. XXXXXXX that it was a Wednesday evening
that the object was observed, and the date, therefore, would have correctly been
21 July 1948 that the object was observed instead of 22 July 1948.

4. On 21 September 1948, DR. XXXXXXXX, Solar Observatory,
Mount Wilson Observatory, Pasadena, California; home address, XXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX Avenue, Pasadena, California, was interviewed. DR. XXXXXXXX was
interrogated concerning his observation of unidentified aerial object when
he observed through a 3" and 6" telescope at Mount Wilson Observatory between
hours of 1900 and 2030 on 21 July 1948. DR. XXXXXXX described this object
in question as comprising of a thin translucent silvery encasing or
sphere at the top the whole assembly being over the shape of a pendulum
beneath the pear-shaped assembly, a square yellow disk was attached by cords.
A signed statement was obtained from DR. XXXXXXXX reflecting all pertinent data
and is attached to this report as Exhibit III. DR. XXXXXXXX stated that the
observation which was relayed to the Los Angeles newspapers in Los Angeles by the
object in question was released by an assistant at Mount Wilson Observatory.
The information released was erroneous and was given out upon judgment, it
was implemented out [sic] he overheard the assistant talking to the newspaper-
man in the telephone and heard the assistant state no system was seen by the

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS,
DOD DIR 5200.10
-UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that redacted personal information is represented by "XXXXXXX" and that any errors in transcription are the result of interpreting the content of the image which may contain blurriness, artifacts, or other issues inherent in the scanned document.

- page 11 -

The document contains a simple sketch or drawing at the top of the page, but no actual photograph. Here is the text presented in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Incident #163 -- VanNuys, California -- 21 July 1948

Since a complete description of this incident is given
in numerous reports from Mt. Wilson Observatory and Griffith Planetarium, since the observations there were made with telescopes by astronomical observers, and since their descriptions agree that the object was in all respects balloon-like, there is nothing that this investigator can add. The object was evidently an unidentified balloon.
```

Please note that the quality of the image might affect the accuracy of the text transcription.

- page 12 -

The image is a scanned page from a document, with no photographs present. The text on the document reads as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

that the object was a weather balloon and had made such a statement to the news-
told the assistant that he shall not have told that it was a statement to the news-
papers. However, no attempts were made to change the information given to the
newspapers, as there was no proof that the object was not a weather balloon.

5. On 22 September 1948, MR. --------------, Griffith Observatory,
         Los Angeles, California, was interviewed. ------------------ stated that he
was on duty at Griffith Observatory on the evening of 21 July 1948 and that he
was handling the telephone switchboard; further that he did not observing the
object in question as reported by the Los Angeles Times newspaper on 22 July
1948. That that insisted, that for the newspaper the evening of 22 July
1948, when the newspaper called the Griffith Observatory the obtain information
regarding the sighting of an unidentified aerial object, that the object was a
weather balloon. MR. -----------
obtained from various temple at the observatory, being that the object was a
meteorological balloons, as this front the Los Angeles Times.

6. On 23 September 1948, MR. ----------------- Telescope Demonstrator,
         Griffith Park Observatory; home address, --------------- avenue, Los Angeles,
         California, was interviewed regarding his observation of aerial object sighted
on 21 July 1948. --------------------that no corroborated, and was a ribbed
aerological balloon. He stated that he overhead and observed the bal-
weather balloon, and compared to object was semi-translucent material made of
2-Ply glass end, rounded from the body of the object was a rectangular metallic
appearance like a spool in color, and suspended from its main less length of cable
or cable. The object was approximately 20 to 25 feet in diameter, a cylindrical
shaped was obtained from MR. ----------------- the agent, outlining in detail an
report an observation of object in question. This statement is attached to this
------------- exhibit IV. MR. -------------- that a sketch of object was made.
this report. His sketch is being enclosed his report as
question, MR. ---------------------that his impression with the object of
the object was not a meteorological balloon and that MR. --------------wrongly inferred
newspapers, one, are incorrect for that stated that the geographic co-ordinates
of the Griffith Observatory are as follows:

LATITUDE - 34° 6' 56.66" North
LONGITUDE - 118° 18' 5.5" West
ELEVATION - 1130 feet above sea level

7. On 25 September 1948, MR. ------------------------------, Supervisor of charts, Los
Angeles Weather Bureau, Los Angeles Airport, Los Angeles, California, was
interviewed regarding reproductions of Winds Aloft Charts and pertinent data
for the date 21 July 1948. MR. -------------- furnished this agent with the 1300 hours
and 1900 hours Meteorological. Readings for the said 21 July 1948, know be
the temperature and weather man. ----------- was transacted via the capability
of appearance and relative date concerning meteorological ballooners, MR. --------------
stated that there are two types of balloons not normally used by weather stations
in canvassing weather data. These balloons being the Navy balloon and a balloon
improved by the Air Corp War Department. Neither balloon will totally fit
the description of the object described by persons previously interviewed,
----------- stated that the average meteorological balloon is 6 1/2 in diameter
a radius of 38,000 and that balloon, was an is 20,000 feet at altitude,

UNGRADE ARE RESTRICTED DO NOT ZONE
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 1.0
DOD DIR 5200.10

-3- UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a scanned document without any photographs. I will transcribe the text visible in the image:

would be approximately 10' in [REDACTED] at 50,000 to 72,000 feet
altitude, would be 13" in diameter and was designed to burst at this point
and the instruments which were attached to the sounding device parachute to
earth. [REDACTED], checked all files of his office pertaining to releases of
balloons in the greater Los Angeles area, but could find no record of a balloon
other than ordinary meteorological balloons being released by any U.S. Weather
Station, including Army Forces and Navy Installations in the area, nor that
further inland nor that the time of official sunset on 21 July 1948 was at
1902 hours and that there would be approximately twenty to twenty-five minutes
of twilight remaining after a sunset. Winds Aloft Charts obtained from CAA
and are associated to the requester with this copies of this report. Clippings
from Los Angeles newspapers with respect to the object are enclosed to the
requester with this copies of this report.

(CLOSED)

DOWNLOADED AT 3 -------- [REDACTED]
DECLASSIFIED [REDACTED]
DDC INC. 49 - UNCLASSIFIED

- 14 -

- page 14 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided. It is a page of typed text, appearing to be an official document from an investigation related to an unidentified flying object (UFO). Now I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and transcribe the text from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

STATEMENT

Statement made by Mr. ******, Former Consultant, Department of
Water and Power, Van Nuys, California; Home Address: **** **** **, *****
Concord San Francisco, 1230 hours, 27 June 52, concerning objects
sighted in the sky, 22 July 1947, in the vicinity of San Fernando Valley,
California:

"On the evening of 22 July 1947, between the hours of 11:30 and 2030,
my wife and I were having dinner in the patio of our home. Our attention
was called to a moving object in the sky by some children playing in the
street. Originally, this object was quite steady. And as we watched, this
object was attracted by other persons to a strange object in the sky almost
directly overhead.

DESCRIPTION: It appeared to be round and probably spherical. At sunset, it
seemed to be a weather balloon. At about 20,000 feet in the sky was a bit
of a silvery looking object. The sun was below the range of the top of
the object and just put this object in good silhouette. It was round. At
while, I considered maybe saucer size (?). Wasn't too bright to be not a star.
It had no lights whatever. It was quite steady and then such brightness or
color gradually changed to an orange color at one end and finally appeared off
altogether when you saw the full object at twilight. It was looking pretty
well. It looked about the size of one (not distinguishable) maybe less or more
(Perhaps a commercial airplane at 25,000 feet. It was the size of a dime
held at arm's length or such a round object against the sky.) No attachments,
no tail, just a clear edge and silhouette against (not sunglasses or the clothing)
the air was very clear with visibility unlimited; ground temperature about
70-75 deg(rees) dropping to about 60 degrees an hour after dark (two hour
time lapse); direction of travel was from East directly toward the sun.

ADDITIONAL INTERROGATION OF MR. ****** AGAINST NOTES M. SPROUL

MR. SPROUL: Can you estimate the geographical location when you first
sighted the object?

MR. ******: Directly over Van Nuys, about 25-30 or 30 degrees as it traveled.

MR. SPROUL: Approximately what was the time when you first sighted this
object?

MR. ******: I didn't know the exact hour, but it was about an hour be-
fore sundown.

MR. SPROUL: Who called your attention to the object?

MR. ******: Non-commissioned member of a crew at the nearby station.

MR. SPROUL: What were the weather conditions at this time?

MR. ******: Very clear sky, visibility unlimited.

MR. SPROUL: What was the size of the object as it first appeared on the edge
of sight?

MR. ******: About the size of a dime at arm's length.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 15 YEARS.
DRD DID 5200.10

MR. BENNET GLOVER

---

- page 15 -

The image you provided does not contain a photograph but shows a document with typed text. Here is the OCR output of the text present in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
INVD. #873

17. STROULL: What was the approximate size of the object?

-REDACTED-: The size, as near as I could judge, would be a weather balloon
at 2,000 feet. I am POSITIVE it was not a weather balloon.

18. STROULL: What would you estimate its speed?

-REDACTED-: That I wouldn't know except that it traveled about 25 or 30
degrees of approximately forty-five minutes to an hour.

19. STROULL: In what direction did it move?

-REDACTED-: Overhead and directly into the sun,

20. STROULL: Did you think it might be a reflection from something?

-REDACTED-: I thought it might be a reflection from the sunlight at first
but then I couldn't account for it being time.

21. STROULL: Did it glint or sparkle?

-REDACTED-: No, it didn't sparkle at all. The light from the object was
constant with a constant luminescent or soft glow, As the sun set
lower until it seemed to travel at a very high speed into sunlight
losing its luminescent and then got smaller, smaller, and faded.
It being orange color, It was just over my head when it started
changing of coloring, when it disappeared completely, 

22. STROULL: What was the manner of disappearance?

-REDACTED-: It disappeared without leaving a trace of it, I was looking
directly at it, then it, it seemed to dissolve as an incandescent
light with one turns off the switch. There was no change in speed
and no change in direction whatsoever, That is the last I saw
of the object,

23. STROULL: Any tactics employed during flight or object?

-REDACTED-: No change in altitude or direction,

24. STROULL: Was there any sound to this object?

-REDACTED-: There was no sound whatsoever,

25. STROULL: Was there an exhaust trail?

-REDACTED-: No exhaust trail at all,

26. STROULL: Did you notice the object-to overhead any other?

-REDACTED-: There were no distinguishing characteristics at all except for
the bluish light,

-REDACTED-:
I was at least over and over, but frankly, there is immediately
came to my mind.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
E. J. Putt
6-1-1977

- page 16 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Q. SHOULD: Do you feel that you were observing a definite object?

A. "Yes, it had a definite sharp outline - something I had never
seen before. At first I thought it might be a meteor coming
toward us. It didn't have the characteristics of gaseous forms-
comet and the outlines was to definite and sharp to be gaseous.
It instead appeared to be a definite material object. I had
even considered that it might be an astronomical object caught
in our Earth's rotation like the moon, but it travelled faster
than the sun so it couldn't have been. It was travelling three
times as fast as the sun and was going in the same direction as
the sun.

Q. SHOULD: Do you know any of the persons who observed this object per-
sonally?

A. No.

END OF STATEMENT

BENNY CLOUTA
[Address redacted]
Canoga, California

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

The redacted sections include the address of the individual Benny Clouta.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned page from a document. Here is the text from the document:

---

STATEMENT

Statement made by Mrs. █████████ of █████████ Park,
California, 1215 hours, 17 September 1948, regarding a object sighted in the
sky, 22 July 1948, in the vicinity of San Fernando Valley, California.

"On the evening of 22 July 1948, at Valley Market Town, while in the company of my husband, ██ called my husband and we were having dinner in the patio when my attention was called by my husband to an object in the sky. This was approximately between the hours of 1930 and 2000, before dark. Upon gazing straight upward, the object seemed to be round and luminous. It appeared to me metallic changing to yellow-orange and to deeper hues, toward a blue, as darkness came. It seemed to be at a very great distance. In a comparison the size, I would be as if I were looking at a planet such as *Jupiter* or *Saturn* as they plainly veer distinct. There were no attendant gaseous elements, no rays or sound as far as I can remember. It seemed absolutely round. At this time, the sky was cloudless. There was no other object or aircraft in the sky. In fact, it was the only object in the sky. Over a period of twenty minutes or more, the object moved from strait upward to a westerly direction. I must sadly state, I do not have an exceptional, excellent memory for recalling minutes or object in a steady gliding motion. There was no gradual trail, was drawn from this object. The color of this object changed drastically and due to reflect the atmospheric conditions of nightfall. When my attention was drawn to it, I no longer saw it. My attention was drawn to it, as stated above, by my husband who was standing with a group of eight or ten people who were also gazing at the object. The object was entirely different from anything I had ever seen. It did not appear to be a balloon or any advertising device. It was a definite material object."

END OF STATEMENT.

Mrs. ██████████
████████, California

Exhibit II

--- 

The text has been redacted in places, as indicated by the black bars.

- page 18 -

This page does not contain any photographs, only text.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

---

[Redacted] (Office)
[Redacted]
Wednesday, Sept. 22, 1948.

[Redacted] Avenue (Home)
Pasandena 6
Pasadena, California

1. Location first sighted. The object was first seen at the 
Monastery of the Mount Wilson Observatory. The "Monastery" is 
the name applied to the place where the astronomers live while 
working on Mount Wilson. It is within a few yards of a mark
at 34 12' 55" N, 7 hours 52 minutes 14.3 seconds west, at an 
altitude above sea level of 5749 feet.

2. Date and Time of Sighting. About 7:00 PM, Pacific Daylight 
Saving Time, of July 21, 1948

3. Weather Conditions and Others at Sighted Object. The sky was 
clear and the visibility excellent. The people present who 
saw the object were Mr. [redacted] engineer at the Observa-
tory; Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] stewards at the Monastery; 
[redacted], cook; Drs. [redacted] and [redacted]
astronomers; Dr. [redacted], a visiting astronomer 
from the Princeton University Observatory; and myself, Dr. 
[redacted] a night assistant at the 100-inch telescope, was present 
a short [sic] time before and after seeing the object, 
but did not himself see it.

4. Persons who might have known of the object on Sighted in 
Photograph #4. I know of no others who actually saw the object 
or who tried to photograph it.

---

Please note that personal names and some other information in this document have been redacted.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in the image you provided.

Here is the text from the document:

---
5. Construction, size, shape, etc.
[REDACTED] and I viewed
the object through a six-inch telescope on the mountain top about
ten minutes after it was first sighted belov at the -observatory.
At the observatory it was viewed through a portable three-inch
telescope. Dr. [REDACTED] sometime
were observing at the six-inch. [REDACTED], and
I were the only ones who examined the object through the six-inch.

The nature of the object was inmediately apparent through the
six-inch, which enabled us to see it as if only a few yards away.
it consistad of a thin translucent outer envelope enclosing a
sphere at the top, the whole having the shape of a pear. Beneath
this pear-shaped assembly a square yellow disk was attached by
cords, I am sure of these facts.

I believe also that the thin outer envelope had a diamond
shaped pattern as if criss-crossed by a network of cords. Also
that the cords attached to the yellow disk extended beyond it.

As the object was unfamiliar to us and there was nothing nearby
with which to compare it, we could not make an accurate estimate
of its size. After thinking it over, however, I think we can
get a good idea of its size as follows: I would estimate that
the object spanned about 1/5 the diameter of the full moon or
subtended an angle of 8°. Today (September 22) I called Mr.
[REDACTED] and asked him how he thought the object was,
[REDACTED] from me is made an estimate of 1/3 the full
moon, which is in good agreement.

---

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document page, possibly from an old report. Below is the text extracted from the image as requested:

---
[Redacted] Page 3.

For an object 10,000 feet away that subtends an angle of 3' of
are has a diameter of 17.4 feet. If 20,000 feet away its diameter 
would be 34.8 feet; if distant 30,000 feet its diameter would
be 52.2 feet, and so on. From the general appearance of the
object I should say a diameter of about 25 feet would seem 
reasonable.

6. Color change. The outer envelope resembled a thin white membrane. 
The convex disk below was distinctly yellow without markings. e
observed no change in color.

7. Speed. When the object was first sighted at 7:00 P.M. it was 
slightly south of the monastery and high overhead, probably over
Sierra Madre. Then last seen about 8:20 PM., 1948, it was far
to the west probably near the coast about 30 miles away. This 
would mean that it had moved 30 miles in 1.5 hours making its 
speed 20 miles per hour nearly straight west.

8. Part of Sky First Observed. I would estimate that it was
directly south of the monastery at an altitude of approx. 30°.

9. Direction of Travel. Nearly straight west as seen from points
1 & 3.

10. Manner in which Last seen. The object was last seen about
8:30 PM., PDT, through the 5-inch telescope at the monastery
by Mr. and Mrs. [Redacted] and myself.

---

- page 21 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the text as it appears on the scanned document:

---
- Page 4.

easily discerned through the outer envelope against the bright 
background of the sky. After sunset the object then appeared 
like a brilliant white star in the western sky, which might be
than the planet Venus, It was very conspicuous owing to the 
fact that it was still illuminated by the sun's rays while the 
valley below was in shadow.

11. Maneuverability if any. During the time we observed the object 
it moved steadily westward without any sudden change in direction.

12. Approximate Altitude. At least 10,000 feet above San Ilson 
which would make its altitude above sea level 15,000 feet. I 
told the reporter who called me from the L.A. Times that it was 
only about 2000 feet overhead but later realized that that was 
much too low.

13. Sound if any. No sound.

14. Exhaust Trails. No exhaust trails detected. They should have 
been readily visible through the six-inch telescope.

15. Odor. None.

16. Apparent size - Moving or Other Formation. Approximately pencil size, 
The sky was exceptionally clean around the object all during 
our obseruations.

17. Flight formation. Steadily westward.
---

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it is a text document. Here is the OCR output of the text in the document:

```
DR. HYNEK'S EVALUATIONS EXTRACTED FROM PROJECT GRUDGE REPORT.

ENGLIGHT INDEX

1. Astronomical

    a. High probability:
       #26, 27, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 48, 59, 60, 65, 69, 70, 94,
       96, 96, 97, 98, 101, 102, 103, 104, 116, 119, 132, 136, 140,
       147, 148, 158, 174, 184, 188, 187, 197, 203, 204, 208, 216,
       219, 238.

    b. Fair or low probability:
       #19, 20, 23, 24, 28, 35, 36, 45, 50, 63, 67, 80, 82, 93, ICO,
       112, 120, 121, 123, 130, 144, 153, 16x, 166, 167, 175, 192,
       199, 202, 205, 220, 230, 240.

2.  Non-astronomical but suggestive of other explanations

    a. Balloons or ordinary aircraft:
       #3, 11, 22, 41, 42, 53, 54, 73, 81, 83, 91, 92, 113, 114, 11b,
       126, 131, 138, 141, 155, 156, 157, 159, 160, 161, 165
       169, 171, 173, 178, 180, 182, 188, 190, 194, 195, 196, 193,
       200, 201, 209, 210, 217, 222, 235, 237, 239.

    b. Hoikot-I-*, flares or falling bodies:
       #4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 25, 56, 65, 78, IOC, 107,
       109, 109, 133, 170, 211, 218.

    c. Miscellaneous (reflections, auroral streamers, birds, etc.):
       #39, 89, 123, 124, 123, 146, 164, 181, 189, 214, 221, 231, 234.

3. Non-astronomical, with no explanation evident

    a. Lack of evidence precludes explanation:
       #38, 44, 45, 47, 55, 57, 72, 86, 87, 89, 90, 99, 110, 117, 118,
       125, 127, 137, 139, 149, 150, 177, 179, 191, 206, 212, 213,
       229, 232, 233.

    b. Evidence offered suggests no explanation:
       #1, 2, 10, 17, 21, 29, 37, 40, 51, 52, 58, 61, 62, 64, 68, 71,
       76, 76, 77, 79, 84, 105, 111, 122, 135, 151, 152, 154, 162,
       183, 172, 176, 193, 195, 193, 207, 215, 223, 224, 225, 226,
       227, 236, 241, 242, 243, 244, 134.
```

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but there is textual content which I will transcribe below:

---

19. Luminous or Incandescence or lights of any kind. None.

Remarks

About 4:30 PM, I answered a call from the L. A. Times saying
that they had received a report of a bright spot over the vicinity
of Big Bear Lake. At the Observatory we supposed this was
merely another flying disk rumor and thought nothing of it. But
when this remarkable bright object was seen sailing overhead after
dinner we became greatly interested and excited. Someone got out
the three-inch telescope and after taking a look exclaimed, "It's a
balloon!"

We manually speculated about the object a good deal that
evening and surmised that it was probably a meteorological balloon
of some kind. About half a dozen individuals also called
inquiring if we had seen the bright disk. I heard Musrock tell
someone that it was a meteorological balloon, but I questioned him
since we didn't know anything of the kind. Then the L. A. Times
telephoned a second time I described the object essentially as I
have here, but emphasized that its nature was unknown to us. I
guessed its altitude was 2000 feet but later realized it must have
been much nearer.

After returning to the office in Pasadena I sent R. Musrock
a copy of Popular Science only for May or June, 1948, which had
a picture on the cover of a new type RF meteorological balloon. I
enclosed a note saying that it was likely that the thing we had seen
was quite similar.

---

- page 24 -

The image presented is a page that appears to be a typed document. There are no photographs on this page. I will now act as an OCR system and reproduce the text from the document:

---
S T A T E M E N T

Statement made by [REDACTED], Telescope Demonstrator, Griffith Park
Observatory, [REDACTED] Los Feliz Station, Los Angeles, California; home
address, [REDACTED], Los Angeles 43, California. Statement taken
By Special Agent William O. Spruill, 23 September 1948.

"I this object in question was first noted by myself at approximately 6:30
p.m. Pacific Daylight Time, 21 July 1948, while I was leaving the East Relo-
scope Dome, Griffith's Observatory. It had an altitude of about 60 degrees
and an azimuth, from the south point, of about 225 degrees or nearly as I
could tell. When I last observed the object about 8:30 P.M. Pacific Daylight
Time, the altitude, I would judge, was about 40 degrees and the azimuth
about 100 degrees. The object appearing in a westerly direction. It
then this latter time, it had apparently made a big right curve. As a very
say when the object was first observed the azimuth would be 240 degrees
close observed, my estimate at about 60 degrees, azimuth would naturally
be less than main body of the object was an excellent reflector of sunlight and
apparently it was composed of some sort of translucent material such as fibre
glass or kite like. Suspended from the bottom was a rectangular metallic
appearing disc appearing to be gold in color, and hung from the disc was a
long taper end or snake the length of which I am not able to determine. The just
appeared to have ribs running vertically down the side of the main body. Up-
on a sharper examination with which 12" telescope, the object appeared to
have a simple screw type gear near the metal portion hanging downwards. The
object, I observed a light near any construction on the object such as ridges
or anything resembling a power plant of any sort. The object was magnified,
125 times through the telescope. I would judge the altitude of the object to
was approximately 20,000 feet. The object was in perfect sunlight
even after the sun set because of its altitude. When observing this object, it
was at times so brilliant that it was hard to continue looking through the
telescope at it. I presume this was due to the reflection of the sunlight,
off of the object on to the telescope. During the course the object traversed,
it maintained a very definite size and had all appearances of being very
maneuvering in any way. Occasionally the object appeared to twist and the
rectangular metallic disc would present itself as a knife edge, indicating
that the disc was flat with no thickness. I lost sight of the object at about
8:30 P.M. after dark which indicates to me that the object was not generating
its own light. I do not know of anyone who photographed or made drawings of
the object or personally observed it. I observed no exhaust trails, heard
no sound, nor detected any odors with relation to the object."

[signature]
--- 

Please note that the quality of the text from the document provides some challenges due to artifacts and portions of words being obscured. The text is an approximation and there are several words and letters that were illegible or unclear.

- page 25 -

The image contains a sketch, not a photograph. The sketch appears to depict a circular object or sighting with annotations indicating angles, trajectory, and approximate size as observed through a telescope. There are two parts to the sketch; the upper part shows a thin, elongated object, and the lower part shows a circular field of view with a larger object within it, along with angle measurements and directional notation.

Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Approximate Size
of object as it
appeared in the
Telescope

0° 23'

THE LENGTH "O"
EQUAL TO ABOUT SEVEN
(7) MINUTES OF ARC, OR
ABOUT 0.23 THE SIZE
OF THE FULL MOON

object Travelling
West

Field of View
of The Telescope

As Stated By  ---------
Reproduced By  ---------

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR. 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 26 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document page with only text and no images.

Here is the text output from the document:

ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET
INCOMING MESSAGE
3RD SHEET UNCLASSIFIED
MATERIEL COMMAND
Use this form for inter-office correspondence within headquarters.
Use ink and carbon consecutively.
Use entire width of sheet, both sides.

Use authorized office symbols to designate address within
this Command. See reverse of last form.
Note answering address at lower left of form.
Remaining space if sufficient only for
proper opening of letter or for typewritten signature.

Place initials of dictator and typist, telephone number and location to right of signature.

Separate comments by horizontal lines across page.

SUBJECT Project "SIGN" Incident No. 163

TO |TICLAVC FROM |MICAXO-3 DATE |9 Nov 48 COMMENT NO. 1.
ATTN: Capt Harpster

1.  Pursuant to authority contained in paragraph four (4) Technical instructions 2185, Addendum No. 3, this Command, dated 11 February 1948, this Project has been authorized the assistance of all divisions and activities under the jurisdiction of the Air Materiel Command.

2.  Your cooperation is requested in interpreting and analyzing the attached evidence from the viewpoint of our Electronics Sub-Division to enable possible identification of the object reported in the Incident No. 163.

3.  The possibility that identification of the unidentified object may fall into purview of a domestic project, too highly classified to permit release at this date, is realized. However, it would be appreciated if advice were given to discontinue further investigation in this specific case, should this matter fall into that category.

4.  Attention is invited to drawing on page 6, Exhibit "G" and to attached reproduction of "Popular Science Monthly," Exhibit "H" which shows a new type of meteorological balloon. See item 1, page 5, of statement submitted by Robert S. Richardson of the Mt. Wilson Observatory - Exhibit "C", and Exhibits "I" and "K2".

5.  A similar request to this is also being made to the Air Weather Liaison Officer, this Command. Should circumstances so indicate, it is requested that coordination be effected with Colonel, Neal, MICLAW3, telephone No. 5-2234 for preparation of comments and return to MICAXO-3, ATTN: Capt. Sneider.

8 Incls
Exhibits "A" thru "H"

C. A. GRIFFITH (Initials: ej)
Chief, Operations Section
Tech Intelligence Division
Intelligence Department

65310
P 202F
B 288

(DOQ DIR 5200.10)

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided.

As for the text, due to the quality of the document, the text is partially illegible. However, here is what can be discerned:

```
TO:                         DATE 22 Nov 48    COMMENT NO.
3. Exhibit J-2, MODELS, description of the different poses seen in the
SUBJECT.
                                                     Carl L. Zemke
                                                     7011
                                                     L-6948
                                                     Maj. USAF
                                                     E - 259 -
                                                     Chief, Electronics Analysis Sec.
                                                     Tech Intel Cargo Div.    -Dept. A-

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE)
```

Please note that the rest of the text is either too faint or obscured to be reliably transcribed.

- page 28 -

The image contains a scanned document and does not feature any photographs within it.

Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Project "SIGN"
26 Jul 48

First Lt. Col.
Asst. Weather Liaison Officer

1. Pursuant to authority contained in paragraph four (4) Technical Instructions
2135, Headquarters No. 3, this Command, dated 11 February 1948, this Office has been au-
thorized the assistance of all divisions and activities under the Jurisdiction of the Air
Material Command to permit the successful conduct of this project, and is also authorized
direct communication with all Army installations by Department of the Army letter dated
25 March 1948, subject, "Unconventional Aircraft".

2. Your cooperation in conjunction with that of the other services is there-
fore requested for the purpose of interpreting and analysing the evidence appended here-
to, in order to provide certain conclusions which may prove or disprove a domestic origin
for the anomaly herein described.

3. From the evidence submitted, does the configuration correspond to known domestic
aeronautical devices now in use?

4. Attention is invited to drawing, page 5, Exhibit "C", to attached reproduction
from "Popular Science Monthly", Exhibit "G", which shows a new type of meteorological
balloon, and to news items, Exhibits "H" and "I". See Item 13, page 9, of statements
submitted by Robert S. Richardson of the Mt. Wilson Observatory (Exhibit "C"). Your
comments and any action indicated will be appreciated.

5. Do the attached weather charts (Exhibit "K") fix a possible or probable point
of release if object is identified as a domestic release?

6. A map chart of the probable course taken as influenced by the wind aloft data
would be of use particularly in relation to possible points of meteorological balloon
releases outside the greater Los Angeles Area within the critical periods of time. See
paragraph two (2) page 2 of MSGNRZLXHSA Tadh, "A" of this letter. Special Agent In
Charge, wherein he states that AFR Mr. Shervy check all files pertaining to balloon
releases in the greater Los Angeles area.

7. It is requested that a report be submitted directly to MIAC–3, ATTN: Captain
meider.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS,
DOD DIR 5200.10

Exhibit "A"  18 Jul 48  1452
Lt. Col., USAF
Commandant, USAFSAM
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 65400
Colonel /s/ L. R.
Liaison Officer 5200

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 29 -

The image you provided contains a scan of a document with two newspaper clippings regarding a UFO sighting. There are no photographs present in the image; however, there is text from the clippings. Here's the text from the image:

---

The following article taken from "DAILY NEWS" Los Angeles, Calif Thursday, July 22, 1948.

Silver Sphere
Deflated as
Sky Mystery

It was "almost like with the flying disks all over again after Queens started yesterday. The Miramar. Big Bear Valley residents.
"It is it that pear-shaped thing following the sun?" they wanted to know.
Then loudlanders looking up the aquasmoky canyons, took up the wail. Sheriff's and newspaper switchboards by the hundreds rang the silver-whipped streak as of afternoon wore into eve-
ning, the silver sphere retracted. By thousands of neck-craning Southerlanders whist it moved slowly in a northeasterly direction.

Astral Visitor Identified
A.T. Wilson Dr. Robert S. Richardson, solar observer, reflected that he had scanned the object as it passed nearly overhead on its leisurely course seaward. George Abel, Griffith Observatory aerialist, also reported following the sphere by telescope.
The consensus, "Some out by the Weather Bureau forecast center at Los Angeles Airport at AM, local geographical time."
The balloons are supposed to burst at high elevations after air information during their ascent.
This one apparently developed a slow leak, and sank back to red earth weathermen said.
As general warming of the had-
begins hovering over Los Ang-

The following article taken from the "LOS ANGELES TIMES" Thursday Morning, July 22 1948

WM stirs ghosts
of the flying discs

Memories of the flying disc phenomenon were revived just night as 150 persons swamped hot the fire department switchboards with telephone calls reporting a mysterious silver object soaring over Los Angeles.
With the experience of that frenzied time a year ago behind them, the police calmly checked around until they got word from the Mount Wilson Observatory that the mysterious silver object was a weather balloon.
The reports reaching police from citizens described the balloon as cutting, dropping, stalling still, shooting across the sky, and moving north, east, south, and west.
Mr. Wilson informed the police that the balloon was drifting slowly with the wind in a westerly direction and had evidently been released in the vicinity of Big Bear Lake.

---

Please note that due to the quality of the scan, the text may contain inaccuracies or be incomplete.

- page 30 -

The document appears to show a newspaper clipping with text. There is some noise in the image, most likely from the scanning process. No distinct photographs are visible within this newspaper clipping; only textual content is present. Due to the poor quality and blur in the image, it is not possible to accurately replicate the text as an OCR system. If you require a more precise transcription, you may want to provide a clearer image or scan of the document.

- page 31 -

The image contains a page from a document. There are no photographs present on the page. I will transcribe the text from the document as requested:

```
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

MCIAO/X-3/bms/ra
Jan 5 1949

SUBJECT: Project "SIGN"

TO: Chief, Air Weather Service,
Andrews Air Force Base,
Washington 25, D. C.
ATTN: DSS

1. Project "SIGN" is responsible for the collection, investi-
gation and interpretation of data relative to the sighting of unidentified 
flying objects. Attached Incidents Summaries 1 thru 172 from the files
of Project "SIGN" are forwarded for study and recommendations as to
which of the incidents may be eliminated as balloons released on routine
synoptic ascents by the Air Weather Service, the Navy Aerological
Service or the United States Weather Bureau. The summaries attached
may be retained in your headquarters for working and reference purposes.

2. The Air Weather Service is the only agency of its type that
has been asked to assist in the accomplishment of Project "SIGN" except
that the United States Weather Bureau has provided information on ball
lightning. Research projects which have been or are in the works are
conducted or sponsored by the Army, Navy or United States Air Force are
enjoyed by the Intelligence Department of this Command. These checks
are usually made direct from the Project "SIGN" office, MCIAO/X-3. These
checks are distinct from the check of synoptic balloon flights made by
weather service stations of the Air Force, the Navy and the Department
of Commerce, (U. S. Weather Bureau) requested of Air Weather Service.

3. It is the opinion of this office, that the below listed inci-
dents are those having the greatest possibility of being balloons. This
list does not eliminate the possibility that many of the remaining
incidents are balloons.

2     21  50   92     135  155
     25  52   91     113  157
     23  72   96     125  155
     30  73  101     113  157
     31  77  105     135  159
     32  57  107,69  151  157
     33  69  112(Soo122)  154  169
```

- page 32 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, here is the output of the text found in the document:

```
HQ AAF, Chief, Air Weather Service, Washington 25, D. C.
Subj: Project "SIGN"

4. The form used in interrogating witnesses to sightings is
enclosed as a matter of interest. Comment as to possible improvement
of the "Essential Elements of Information" in regard to routine
synoptic balloon flights is invited.

5. It is requested that correspondence be forwarded to the
Commanding General, Headquarters, Air Materiel Command, attention
MCIAAO-3.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

2 Incls
"Essential E-172 Inql
Sign" 

Copies Furnished:

AFOSR, Hq. USAF
Capt Trakowski, Oophysics Lab
Major Kodis, MCIAASP
Colonel Jesik, MCIAAIS

/s/ W. R. Clingerman, Col, USAF
for H. W. McCoy
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Dept
```

Please note that some portions of the text may be speculative due to the quality of the scan, such as uncertain characters or partial words.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document with text. Here is the transcription of the text:

APPENDIX P

7/1001 Directorate of Intellina
Analysis of Projects Or's Reports

- page 34 -

The image you provided does not contain any photographs; it's a scanned document page. I will now act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

```
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
3150 Electronics Station                   ACT/B3
Cambridge Field Station           
230 Albany Street                               April 18, 1949
Cambridge 39, Mass.

000.92
In reply address both communication
and envelopes to the
Commanding Officer and attention of 
following office symbol. BRH

SUBJECT: Analysis of Project "Grudge" Reported Incidents

TO: Commanding General
Air Materiel Command 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: MCIAKO

1. Reference is made to the letters from your Headquarters to 
this station of 22 November 1948, 6 December 1948, and 14 January 1949, 
Subj "Project SIGN", requesting that reported incidents 1 
through 172 be analyzed to determine whether or not these might have 
been caused by balloons launched by these laboratories.

2. A listing has been compiled of all balloons launched by these 
laboratories and the first contractor's field at atmospheric research, 
Paso, from the first such launching to No. 101 on 17 November 1948. 
Each of these launchings has been compared with the reported incidents 
1 through 172. Factors of comparison were data of launching and data 
of recovery with respect to date of reported incident; place of launch-
ing and place of recovery with respect to the place of reported in-
cidents, and possible deviations from the known flight path with respect 
to the place of reported incidents. So that your office may make an 
independent analysis, three copies of the launching lists are inclosed.

a. Incidents No.5 through No. 16 reported on 4 July 1947
throughout Oregon, Idaho and Washington gave, in general, descriptions 
of clusters or groups of objects. The 5 July 1947 balloon launching
No. 34 at Alamogordo was a cluster of balloons and was not recovered, 
and so might be suspected of being the cause of these reports. However, 
this is not the case. The only flight was terminated in the Navajo 
Navajo Valley only 43 miles northwest of Alamogordo, that is the 
balloon was downed when determined both by airplane spotting and by 
radio direction finding upon the balloon manufacturing instruments, 
The course of the balloons and instruments was presribed by the un-
passability of the terrain. 

b. Balloon release No. 107 7 July 1947 could compar-
with reports for date within incidents No. 1 through No. 5, and again 
with incident No, 10, This balloon flight was again a cluster, 

S-L4560
```

- page 35 -

There are no photographs present in this document image.

The text in the document reads:

---

Ltr, ERI, to CG, AUC, Subj: Analysis of Proj. "Grudge" Reported Incidents

The description of incident No. 10 is inconsistent with the appearance of balloon flight No. 111. Also, in consideration of the prevailing upper winds, it is very unlikely that the balloons would have gone more than a few miles westward of Alamogordo, although it must be admitted that a long, flight west of the launching point could not be ruled out as impossible.

c. Incident No. 17 compares somewhat in time with balloon launching No. 10 of 5 July 1947. However, balloon No. 10 although not recovered was known to have been downed northeast of Albuquerque, New Mexico. It was not recovered due to impossibility of terrain. Incident No. 13 is undoubtedly a description of the 280 ft. pibal balloons inflated by the instruments used by the laboratories. This incident is then to one of balloon release No. 149 of 6 April 1945 at Alamogordo. However, the time of the reported incident (1506 CST) is about 1/2 hour before the time of the balloon release (1432 MST), thus the incident could not have been that balloon.

d. It is of interest to note that Incident No. 122 was report-
ed by an employee of these laboratories who had considerable experience in the use of balloons of all kinds, and could have been depended upon to know the appearance and behavior of a balloon if it was this he saw.

e. Incident No. 163, bears a fair description of the appearance of a large plastic balloon in sunsat light. The object's disappearance could be accounted for either by it movement into the earth's umbral shadow or by natural defocusing of the observers's eyes. This incident could possibly have been balloon release No. 75 or No. 76 of 20 and 21 July 48 from Alamogordo. Balloon No. 75 was recovered at Hollister, California, which is in the Monterey Bay area, on 22 July 1948 and could have easily had a trajectory which would have been within sight of the Los Angeles area. Balloon No. 76 was never recovered. It is possible that it had a trajectory similar to No. 75.

f. All other reported incidents from 1 to 172 do not seem to have reasonable comparison with balloons launched by these laboratories.

3. The balloons used by these laboratories are now somewhat standardized. They are 20 feet long, plastic, white in color, and sphere-cone in shape. Nearly all launchings are made at the balloon APB at Alamogordo, New Mexico. Two photographs prints are enclosed showing the appearance and size of the balloons. The larger photograph shows the typical flight appearance at altitudes when it would be visible, It is hoped that this information may be of some use to you in identifying future reports of incidents.

2

---

- page 36 -

