The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned page of a document with text and markings. Due to the quality of the scan, the text is not very clear and is largely unreadable or illegible. However, the word "UNCLASSIFIED" can be clearly seen printed at the top and bottom of the page. There also appears to be a signature or handwritten note at the bottom right corner of the page, but it is not clearly legible.

Since the majority of the text is not clear, I cannot accurately reproduce all the text as an OCR system would do on a high-quality image or document scan. If you have a clearer image or require more detail from a specific section of this document, please provide that, and I will do my best to assist you.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it is a scanned page of a textual document. Here is the text from the document:

---

MCIAA/S [CUT/Paste]

20

DETAILS

[Redacted] 
St. Petersburg, Florida

Dear [Redacted]

Receipt of your letter dated 6 May 1949 is acknowledged.
Your action in reporting this matter to the proper authori-
ties is appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

W. H. CLINGMAN
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Analysis Division
Intelligence Department

---

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a single photograph. The photograph is of poor quality, but it seems to show an object with a teardrop or balloon-like shape, suspended in a medium that has an overall grainy texture. The object has a semi-transparent circular base or bottom part, and a thinner elongated part is extending upwards from it.

There is no additional distinguishable text or clear context to give more detail about the content or background of the photograph. If there is text outside the photograph that you wish to have transcribed, it is not visible in the provided image.

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It's a page from a written report. Below is the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text found in the document:

```
May 5, 1949

Technical Intelligence Division
Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

The May 7th issue of the Saturday Evening
Post has at last provided me with a likely ad-
dress to forward such information as I have on
"one of those things in the sky"; as the Post
termed it in an article titled "What You Can Be-
lieve About Flying Saucers."

On December 1st, 1948 between 10:30 and 11:00
at night my husband Dr. [REDACTED] and myself
were returning from Tarpon Springs to St. Peters-
burg. As than [that?] time I saw what I can only term as
a propelled glint of light. It being night, I had no
way of determining exactly how far it was from us.
Several miles I would guess, As to its altitude
I can only say that it was clearly visible across
the upper quarter of the windshield as viewed from
a normal sitting position in the front seat of an
automobile. I believe it couldn't have been over
three seconds that this lighted object showed
themselves as I first sighted them directly ahead
through the passenger's side of the windshield.
Taking that at zero, I have SRO to figure the lights
crossed dead front not more than a sixty degree angle
two to three seconds later. A small wonder that its
transitions speed reminded me of the meteors one
sees shooting through the sky! However, it dawned
on me that it wasn’t a meteor a hundred times mag-
nified (they seem about the size of the full moon
when it is over head) because it wasn’t falling.
It was going at this terrific speed parallel to the
faint horizon made by the lights of a town. I don’t
know what direction it or we were going. The only
clue is faint as that is this: I immediately leaned
over the dashboard and looked up & the stars for a
familiar constellation.
``` 

Please note that any inconsistencies or errors in the text are due to imperfections in the original document or the OCR process. The text "[REDACTED]" indicates that personal information has been redacted from the original document for privacy reasons.

- page 4 -

The image provided is a scanned document page with text content. There are no photographs present on the page. Here is the text output from the document:

---

-2-

Directly above and to the left about eleven o'
clock I saw the constellation of the man with the
sword in his belt. The Spaceship was bisecting
our Autobahn from left to right. I saw space
ship fade, only because the speed that thing was
traveling it would take the outer space to maneuver
it.

To describe the thing itself; The first to
appear—and it did just that, all of a sudden in
full brilliance, was this moon-like object of the
same or little whiteness as a theatre spotlight
simultaneously a long, long white or almost
transparent tail. Again I can only compare it to the tail
on the shooting stars. Then appeared, with an in-
creasing intensity of color, another round body
right in front of this white one. This one was a
brilliant cherry-red. This white one was actually
swinging to red one along in front of it. They both
stayed apparently round. I was struck by the fact
that the tail only showed a curvature very much
off the conjunction and then I noticed that the red
cell was a noticably bit smaller in circumferences
than the white one. In reverse sequence the lights
disappeared, the red one faded out first. The big-
ger white one just plain went out like a come on-
arbitrarily. In this detail I am a bit hazy in memory
but I believe the long tail faded out. It was this
light I saw through the windows of the one street up so
I can be positive. However, a burning smell and
odor, in fact it never occurred to me to roll down
the window to hear it as it must have been several
miles away and I instinctively assumed that anything
going that fast you wouldn't hear nayway.

Now that I have told you what I saw with my eyes
may I tell you what I felt; I was over-
awed at the potential for destruction in "it." Suppose
if that 2-some hadn't of our governments making
who's good duck! Tall big boss! in the shuffle.
The tentpondous speed or that thing! My that's bril-
liant red! Why didn't his red one flatten out a bit

---

- page 5 -

The photograph at the bottom of the document shows what seems to be an abstract or blurry image. It's not clear what the image depicts due to its low resolution and quality issues. There are three separate elements or smudges within the image that appear darker against a lighter background.

Here is the text from the document:

-3-

being pushed like that? Why the difference in
size of those two spheres? Oh why wasn't I
born with brains so I could have been a scientist
so I would know about such things!!!!!!!!

I didn't contact the newspaper here because I
didn't want the probable attendant publicity. I
hadn't the slightest idea who to contact but I felt
certain that somewhere in these United States there
were so me men to whom these bits of information
would mean something. I believe it was Dr. Tomp-
bury that gave so little real help save a form with a list
of sun, moon, stars. Fabulous prevost could have had
their name and address in connection with expryimental
work on rockets or space ships. . . no response from them.
Then a few weeks later I thought of contacting an
F.B.I. Agent here by the name of Al cot Furdy to tell
him the story and perhaps he would know the proper
source to relay it to. . . . Only trouble was the about
going to his office and leaving word for him to tel-
ephone I got cold feet because it would sound so
ridiculous to say to a perfect stranger, "I saw a
spaceship." Who could I contact.

This week's Post put an end to such timidity and
Dr. Irving Langmuir's qujou gowed me into action.
That a spaceman meeting atomic power are top secret
wit our government, fine, let's keep it that way.
But on the other hand, if such knowledge is not ours
for heaven sakes let's not just twiddle our thumbs
and down that their existence ouuauae we don't happen
to have yet figured out how it is accomplished.

Yours

[Signature or Name Redacted]

- page 6 -

