There are no photographs visible in the document image provided. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

                                                         PROJECT ------
AN/C NO. --------                 DATE OF RPT  24 July 1948
AF NO.              --------                 LOCATION  Altoona, Pa.
MONTH NO. --------                SOURCE  Tacker
EVENT NO. --------                RATE OF TO AN/C  -------
END OF RPTNO. 00245
TIME OF SIGHTING  0245
HOW?                              
SIZE                              
COUNT             38
NO. IN GROUP  1
SOUND  swishing
UNCLASSIFIED

SECURITY INFO FORM 329
(2 Jan 52)
```

- page 1 -

The image contains text but no photographs. Below is the text as requested:

---
'Flying Disk' Seen
At Yakima, Wash.

Airport Men Twice Sight
'Moon-Sized Blob'

YAKIMA, Wash., July 25 (UP).—Hundreds of telephone calls flooded the Civil Aeronautics Administration office here today from persons who had seen "a silvery, moon-sized, flying-silob-shaped-thing" cross the sky above the city.
The apparition, termed "another flying saucer" by the C. A. A., was observed by two control tower men at the Yakima Airport, both of whom agreed as to its general description. For "Buzz" Riggs, airport traffic controller; Eugene P. Arnold, aircraft communicator, said they saw it wheeling west of the city about 2 p.m. today. They saw it again at 4:20 p.m.

"At first I though it was the plane Venus had Mr. Bunch, a veteran of six years with the C. A. A. "But when I checked, I knew that the planet couldn't be seen in our vicinity at this time of year." Mr. Robinson said when he saw the silvery, flashing ball it looked as if it had "blisher lights, something like an airliner's fog lights."

But both agreed that it couldn't have been an airliner because there are not that time and they know it wasn't a weather balloon because he was bucking the wind. Mr. Riggs, who was one of the first to see the object, said, "I make my living by looking at the sky, but I've never seen anything like this."

Tells of Sky Monster—
ATLANTA, July 25 (UP)—Two Eastern Air Lines pilots who reported seeing a huge, flame-shooting sky monster near Montgomery, Ala., yesterday; maintained stoutly today that what they saw was a "man-made gadget." Capt. C. S. Childs, of Atlanta, and Co-Pilot John Whitted, of Huntsville, Ga., said they saw "the apple-shaped" object — with stuff four times the circumference of a B-29 fuselage, during an Eastern Air Lines trip from Houston, Tex., early yesterday.

In New York, Captain E. J. Smith, pilot of another A. L. plane, said he and his co-pilot, R. D. Bacer, had seen what appeared to be "a rocket trail going a west-east direction, in a narrow zigzag horizon." Captain Bacer said visibility was excellent. He said his co-pilot was a Naval veteran and a rocket expert, but had never seen anything similar to the trail.
---

- page 2 -

