The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of text from the document. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and provide the text output from the document:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. ( ) Incident #253
DATE OF TIU__ 6 Feb. 49
LOCATION: 12° 30'N - 81° 10' W Carribbean
SOURCE: Ship's crew
DATE TI TO ATIC:
TIME OF SIGHTING 1630 to 1700 local
COLOR Silver to yellow to red
NUMBER Single
SPEED -----
12" - 14" Diameter
ALTITUDE -----
310° - N/S - 20°
LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED -----
3 Separate
TYPE OF OBSERVATION Visual - Sea
None
MOVEMENTS S and E
Remarks: Could have been balloons from two Soviet ships in area.
SYNOPTICS -----
REFERRED ATIC Form 329
(Jan 52)
```

Please note that some text is unclear due to the quality of the scan, and OCR might not be perfect in such cases.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph but rather a map. It appears to be a historical maritime map showing parts of the Indian Ocean, Australia, and the South Pacific Ocean, with lines that may represent ocean currents, wind patterns, shipping routes, or another form of nautical information.

However, given the low resolution and quality of the image, it is not possible to accurately perform an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) analysis and transcribe the text contained within the document. The text is not clear enough to be read or transcribed accurately. If a higher quality image or additional context about the text you need was provided, I might be able to assist further.

- page 2 -

The image you've provided does not contain a photograph, but rather it appears to be a map with various lines and markings. The map indicates geographical areas such as CHINA, INDIA, NORTH PACIFIC OCEAN, AUSTRALIA, and SOUTH PACIFIC OCEAN. There are also references to specific places like the Caroline Islands, Philippine Islands, and Admiralty Islands.

There is no distinct textual content that is legible in the image provided for OCR processing, possibly due to the low resolution or quality of the scan. The text that is part of the map, indicating locations and possibly ocean currents, cannot be read clearly enough to be accurately transcribed.

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a map rather than a photograph. It shows a section of the Earth's surface with geographical features such as the outlines of continents and various markings that could represent topographical information, ocean currents, atmospheric conditions, or navigational information. There's no distinct text that outlines a narrative or report, so I'm unable to provide OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output as the text is largely map labels and geographic coordinates, which are standard on these types of maps.

- page 4 -

The image contains text leading from a document but there are no photographs visible.

As an OCR output, here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS CARIBBEAN AIR COMMAND
OFFICE OF THE COMMANDING GENERAL.                              D-21
                                                                                     ALBROOK AIR FORCE BASE, C.Z.
                                                                                     44 FEB 3 1949
IN REPLY
REFER TO: 373.2

SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Objects Vicinity of San Andres Islands,
               Caribbean Sea

TO:               Commanding General,
                      Air Material Command
                      Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
                      Dayton, Ohio
                      ATTN: MCI

1. In accordance with Restricted letter, Hq USAF, subject, "Report-
ing of Informations on Flying Discs", 26 February 1948, the following
report is submitted.

2. At 2030 hours on 8 February 1949, Captain *** of the S.S.
Antigua, a United Fruit vessel, berthed at Cristobal Pier area, Canal
Zone was interviewed regarding three aerial objects sighted by officers
of his ship on voyage to Canal Zone from New Orleans, Louisiana.

3. Captain *** stated that the first object, which appeared to
be a disc, was sighted at 1630 on 6 February 1949 at latitude 12 degrees 30
minutes north latitude, 81 degrees 10 minutes west longitude, in the close
vicinity of the San Andres Islands. The S.S. Antigua's course was 152.3
degrees at 16 knots. When sighted, the object was at an altitude of 60
degrees from the horizon as determined by ast ships sextant in the direc-
tion of 122 degrees. As it passed directly over the ship, several officers
described it as a round, silver-colored sphere. Although *** had
difficulty in determining its height, he estimated the diameter as 12 to
14 inches. As it passed overhead, bearing 310 degrees, it changed in
color from silver to yellow to red and went out of sight in the dusk at
an altitude of 22 degrees. The wind at the time was estimated at Force
Four; approximately 29.

4. At 1700 hours on the same date two more objects were sighted,
one off the port bow at an altitude between 50 and 60 degrees, and the
other, off the starboard bow bearing 201 degrees at an altitude of 47 de-
grees. Both disappeared again in the dusk. None showed any luminosity
or motivating power.

5. The circumstances described suggests a strong possibility that
these objects are some type of weather balloon. However, it is improb-
able that any weather balloons released from central or South American
ties to this position due to the prevailing winds on these dates. The

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Please note the redaction of the captain's name with asterisks (***). The information provided should be used for historical research and understanding, acknowledging the privacy and confidentiality of individuals mentioned in historical documents.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph in the document provided. The text from the document reads as follows:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Ltr, Hq CAIRC, Albrook A.F.S., C.Z., dtd 9 Feb 49, subj, "Unidentified Aerial
Objects Vicinity of San Andrés Islands, Caribbean Sea"

changing colors of the object can probably be attributed to the reflection
of the setting sun.

6. On 7 February 1948 two Russian 300-ton sloops (Omar and Blask) 
arrived at Colon, Republic of Panama, from St. Thomas, Virgin Islands, en-
route to vladivostok via Honolulu, Hawaii. This aroused computation of
wind and course and point of sighting lend a possibility that the objects 
were in the flight path release from these two ships which followed a 
direct course from St. Thomas to Colon. Th;so two vessels were presentley 
awaiting repairs at Colon, and two others of the same type are presently 
in St. Thomas undergoing repairs. Any further developments will be prompt-
ly reported.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

[Signature Block]
LARSON E. GEHRKE LT
COLONEL, USAF
ASS'T CHIEF OF STAFF

1 incl
Navigational Chart

D/I, USAF
D/T, C/S
D/T, CC
DIO, 15th ND

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but it is a scanned document. Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
FOLD3 NO.  253-

1. Date of Observation:  6 Feb 49 Date of Interview 
2. Exact time (local): 1630 to 1700 -----------Feb-49
3. Place of Observation: 12° 30' N 81° 10' W
4. Position of observer: Vicinity of San Andreas Islands, Caribbean Sea
5. What attracted attention to object: -
6. Number of objects: 3
7. Apparent size: 12 to 14 inches in diameter
8. Color of object: silver changing to yellow to red
9. Shape: Sphere
10. Altitude: 1st: 600'[?] horizon; 2d: Between 50 and 60°; 3d: 47° 
to 22°
11. Direction from observer: -----
12. Distance from observer: ------
13. Direction of flight of object(s): 1st: 310°; 2d: N/S; 3d: -----
14. Time in sight: ----
15. Speed: ----
16. Sound and Odor: ----
17. Trail: ----
18. Luminosity: None
19. Projections: ----
20. Maneuvers: ----
21. Manner of disappearance: Disappeared in the dusk
22. Effect on clouds: ----
23. Additional information: Thought to be some type of balloon
released f/two Russian 300-ton sloops (Omar & Elsask)
afterwards.
24. Weather conditions: ----

(over)

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD IDIR 5200.10
```

- page 7 -

There is no photograph in this image; it contains only text. Here is the output of the text in this document:

---

Page 2 UNCLASSIFIED
Name and address of observer:

Occupation and hobbies: .................. Merchant Marine Captain

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

HYATTSVILLE, MARY. First object which appeared to be a disc was sighted 
at 1630 on 6 Feb 49 at 12° 30' north latitude and 81° 10' west latitude 
in the close vicinity of San Andres Island, a Colombian outpost 500 
miles off the coast. When sighted the object was at the island's course 
from the horizon as determined by the ship's sextant in the direction of 
120°. As it passed directly over the ship, several officers described 
it as a round, silvery-colored sphere. Although *** had difficulty 
in determining its height he estimated the diameter as 12 to 14 inches. 
as it passed overhead on a bearing of 310° it changed in color from silver
to yellow to red and went out of sight in the dusk at an altitude of 22°.
Wind at the time was estimated at force four, approximately 29. At 1700 
hours 2 more objects were sighted one off the port bow at an altitude 
between 50 and 50° and the other off starboard bow bearing 201° at an 
altitude of 47°. Both disappeared abeam in the dusk. None showed any 
luminosity or motivating power. Objects thought to be some type of 
weather balloons. However any balloon released from the Canal Zone would 
scarcely float to this position due to prevailing winds in this area. 
However, backtrack computation of two Russian 300-ton sloops with respect 
to wind, courses and point of sighting land a possibility that the objects 
were in free flight after release from these 2 ships which followed a 
direct course from St Thomas to Colon where they are presently awaiting 
repairs.

UNCLASSIFIED

---

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a note regarding the contents of a case file. The text in the image reads:

```
This case includes
one(1) negative of
CARIBBEAN SEA 8"X10"
```

- page 9 -

The image shows a map with various lines and annotations plotted on it, but there is no clear photograph of any object or phenomenon that can be described as a photograph of an actual scene or event. Instead, it appears to be a graphic representation or schematic and is not a photograph in the conventional sense.

The text on the document is faded and barely legible due to the quality of the scan or the condition of the original document. As a result, it is extremely difficult to accurately reproduce the text as an Optical Character Recognition (OCR) system would. Therefore, I am unable to provide a text output of the document.

- page 10 -

The image presented is a monochrome map displaying various geographical features. There are no photographs present within this image.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

---
STREAM DRIFT

RED LINES INDICATE WARM STREAMS
BLUE LINES INDICATE COLD STREAMS

UNION OF SOVIET SOCIALIST REPUBLICS
---

Please note that due to the resolution and quality of the image, certain parts of the text might not be legible and therefore are not included in the transcribed output.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a map. As per your request, I will provide the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
OF THE WORLD

DAVIS OF
UNITED STATES TERRITORIES

GREENLAND

ICELAND

UNION OF SOVIET SOCIALIST REPUBLICS
```

- page 12 -

