There are no photographs in this document. The text in the document is as follows:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD
  
1. DATE-TIME GROUP : 20 Aug 49 0200C-0302- 
2. LOCATION : Llano, Texas
6. SOURCE : Civilian 
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS : One
8. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION : 2 1/2 hours 
9. TYPE OF OBSERVATION : Ground visual 
10. COURSE : South
b. PHOTOS : 
☐ Yes
☐ No 
12. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE : 
☐ Yes
☐ No
10. CONCLUSION : Astro(XXXX)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS : Object described as being 25 feet high and three feet wide, containing lit quarter moons 6 inches in diameter, C object was copper color, and gave off sufficient light to cast shadows. Object rose straight up 250 feet in 15 minutes, stayed at this height and moved south 1500 feet in two hours. Other witness stated that she saw the object and she thought it was the moon.
```

Please note that some parts of the text are obscured or incomplete and some letters are represented as 'X' to denote illegible/uncertain text.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present on this page, so I will proceed with providing the text as an OCR system would:

---

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

TITLE
Sighting of Aerial Phenomena on
20 August 1949 at Llano, Texas, by
Mr. [REDACTED]

REFERENCE
SPECIAL INQUIRY - UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT

SYNOPSIS
None, this is an initial report.

Investigation predicated upon information from Air Provost Marshal, Randolph Air Force Base, Texas and instructions from District Commander, District Office #10, Kelly Air Force Base, Texas, in accordance with AFRSI Letter No. 85. On 22 August 1949, Mr. [REDACTED] telephoned Randolph Air Force Base that he had seen a "flying saucer" between 0300 and 0530 hours, Central Standard Time, on 20 August 1949. Mr. [REDACTED] contacted at Llano, Texas, stated he had seen an object flyin (15) feet high and three (3) or four (4) feet wide, containing eleven (11) quarter moons, six (6) inches in diameter. Object first sighted rising over edge of mountain, one and two-tenths (1.2) miles NE of observer's house. Object was copper colored and gave off sufficient light to cast shadows. Object rose straight up to height of 250 feet in two (2) minutes, stayed at this height about two South 1500 feet in two (2) hours. There were no clouds. Object made no sounds. Observer had no information on method of support, propulsion, air ducts, exhaust or manner of disappearance. Only other witness was Mrs. [REDACTED] who stated she saw object, but thought it was moon. Mr. [REDACTED] rancher, 54, is apparently sound in health except for cataract over left eye. Observer appeared somewhat eccentric due to claims that Milky Way, Big and Little Dipper are currently out of position, and that his ranch contains extensive deposits of uranium, diamond dust, graphite and iron. Mr. [REDACTED] had article on flying saucers in newspaper day before reporting incident.

DISTRIBUTION
CG, AMC, Wright-Patterson 1
HQ, OSI 2
FBI (info) 2
G-2, Fourth Army (info) 1
File 1

APPROVED
[Signature]
R. E. LUNDSEN
Lt Colonel, USAF
DISTRICT COMMANDER

C-1556
UNCLASSIFIED

FILE NO.
24-946
REPORT MADE BY
ROBERT E. CASSADY, SA
REPORT MADE AT
DO #10, Kelly Air Force Base, Texas
PERIOD
23,26 August 1949
OFFICE OF ORIGIN
OSI, USAF
HQ
STATUS
CLOSED

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
AMC
Commanding General
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: MC1AXO-3

FINAL DISPOSITION AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

AFCSI FORM 1
23 JULY 1948

---

(Note: Redacted portions in the document are indicated with [REDACTED].)

- page 2 -

This page does not contain a photograph. It is a textual document with information on a UFO sighting. Below is the text from the document:

```
DETAILS

1.  This investigation is predicated upon information received from the Air 
Provost Marshal's Office, Randolph Air Force Base, Texas, and instructions from
the District Commander, District Office #10, Kelly Air Force Base, Texas, in
compliance with AFCSI Letter No. 85, 12 August 1949.

2.  At approximately 1030 hours, 22 August 1949, a telephone call was re-
ceived by the Air Provost Marshal's Office, Randolph Air Force Base, Texas, from
Mr. ________ living on ________ to the efffect that on the morning of 20 August 1949, at
about 0300 hours, Central Standard Time, he, Mr. ________ an age fifty-four (54),
a rancher living on ________ Llano, Texas, had seen an unidentified aerial
object about fifteen (15) feet high and two (2) or four (4) feet wide, rising
from behind a mountain, one and two-tenths (1.2) miles from his home.  The object
was copper colored and appeared to contain eleven (11) quarter moons, points up.
The object slowly rose up to a height of about 250 feet in fifteen (15) minutes
time, and then moved South for a distance of 1500 feet, staying at a height of
250 feet above the ground.  This horizontal movement was very slow and took about
two (2) hours.  The observer did not see the object disappear, as he went into the
house for breakfast at 0530 hours.

AT LLANO, TEXAS

3.  Mr. ________ ________ gave the following specific details covering this
sighting:

    (1) Date of sighting
        20 August 1949

    (2) Time of sighting
        0300 hours to 0530 hours, Central Standard Time.

    (3) Where sighted (observer's position)
        
        Observer first sighted object while he was standing in the back
        door (on north side) of his house.  During the time the object was
        in sight, the observer moved around in his yard, outside the house,
        on the north and east sides of his house.

        The object, when first seen, was just rising over the edge of the
        mountain, one and two-tenths (1.2) miles NNE of observer's house.

    (4) Number of objects.  Formation type (if any), sketch if possible.

        There was one (1) object which appeared to contain approximately
        eleven (11) smaller objects which were shaped like quarter moons.
        (For sketch see 8b)

    (5) Observable celestial phenomena or planets that may account for the
        sighting.

        None known.                                      UNCLASSIFIED

    (6) Distance of object from observer.

        (a) Laterally or horizontally
```

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn illustration resembling a series of connected shapes or symbols rather than a photograph. Below is the text as requested, outputting like an OCR system:

---

DETAILS (Contd)                                   UNCLASSIFIED

(f) (6) Distance from observer.
       
       One and two-tenths (1.2) miles.

(b) Angle of elevation from horizon.
       
       About ten (10) to fifteen (15) degrees.

(c) Altitude.
       
       250 feet above ground.

(7) Time in sight.

       Two and one-half (2½) hours.

(8) Appearance of object

(a) Color

       Copper colored, like setting sun. Looked like bright red
       fire.

(b) Shape

       Semi-rectangular, with corners rounded to resemble partial
       ovate. This object resembled a large box kite with two (2)
       quarter moons on top and two (2) quarter moons on bottom.
       There were about seven (7) or eight (8) quarter moons between
       top and bottom. It appeared as if there were two (2)
       quarter moons side by side on each side of what should have 
       been a center shaft, but the observer could see nothing in
       this area. Each quarter moon was about six (6) inches across,
       but they did not appear to be connected in any way.

(c) Apparent construction.

       Observer had no information of material substances of ap-
       parent construction of objects.

(d) Object approximately fifteen (15) feet high and three (3)
       or four (4) feet wide.

(9) Direction of flight.
       
       Object rose straight up to an altitude of about 250 feet, and then 
       moved in a straight line South for a distance of approximately 1500
       feet.

UNCLASSIFIED

---

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a report. I will now transcribe the text as if I were an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

---

DETAILS: (Contd)

AGENT'S NOTE: Due to the fact that there is an inclined slope in the mountain at this point, the object must have continued to rise slowly in order to maintain its relative position of 250 feet above the ground.

(10) Tactics of maneuvers.

There were no observed tactics or maneuvers. Object moved in a straight line in ascent and in as horizontal movement.

(11) Evidence of exhaust.

There was no observed evidence of exhaust or sound.

(12) Effect on clouds.

This was a clear night and there were no clouds.

(13) Lights

(a) Reflected or attached.

(b) Luminous

The object causing a brilliant light, red as if from a fire. The object was so bright that it hurt the observer's eyes to look at the object for any length of time. It gave sufficient light to cast shadows of objects against the buildings.

(14) Support

The observer could not see any visible means of support.

(15) Propulsion

No method of propulsion was seen.

(16) Control and stability.

There were no visible stabilizers, although all movements were in a relatively straight line.

(17) Air ducts.

No evidence of air ducts or slots.

(18) Speed - M.P.H.

Vertical speed was slow, covering 250 feet in approximately fifteen (15) minutes. Horizontal speed was even slower, covering approximately 1500 feet in two (2) hours.

(19) Sound

No sound was heard from this object.

UNCLASSIFIED

--- 

End of the transcribed text from the document.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

DETAILS (Cont'd)
The manner of disappearance UNCLASSIFIED
The observer did not see the object disappear. It was still in sight approximately 250 feet above the mountain when the observer went into the house at approximately 0530 hours.

The following information is furnished relative to the observer

(1) Name of the observer
[redacted]

(2) Address
[redacted] Llano, Texas

(3) Occupation
[redacted]

(4) Place of business
[redacted] Llano, Texas

(5) Pertinent hobbies.
Geology and astronomy.

(6) Ability to determine.
This observer was in a position to see the object as set forth above. Mr. [redacted] has a cataract over his left eye and has been under treatment for some time. Mr. [redacted] stated that the vision of his right eye is normal.

(7) Reliability of observer.
1st Lt JOHN E. BOVENS, Air Provost Marshall's Office, Randolph Air Force Base, Texas, contacted Miss [redacted] 23 August 1949, who is employed in the Office of the Fourth Army Chief of Staff, Fort Sam Houston, Texas, and she stated that Mr. [redacted] is subject to spells of illness occasionally, although she reasons sure that he is not mentally affected by these spells. She stated further that he is trustworthy and reliable as far as intentions, but knows nothing of any effects of his imagination. Miss [redacted] further stated that Mr. [redacted] had a cataract affecting his eyes, but she did not know whether it affected one or both eyes. Miss [redacted] also stated that she is very well acquainted with both Mr. and Mrs. [redacted].

(8) Notes relative to observer on
UNCLA[redacted] Sightings in general

This is the only aerial phenomenon sighted by Mr. [redacted]

- page 6 -

There are no photographs present in this text document. I will now act as an OCR system and provide the text found in the document:

```
DETAILS: (Cont'd) UNCLASSIFIED

Mr. █████████ called to the attention of this agent that
during the period, 16 August 1949 to 25 August 1949, his
radio had been subject to unusually strong static and in-
terferences. This was noted from 100 KC through 170 KC.
Mr. █████████ also stated that he had noticed the Milky
Way too far North and running too much East and West, and
"that the Big Dipper and Little Dipper were out of place
being in the Northwest in the afternoons, shifting to due
East in the early mornings". Mr. █████████ has no compass,
and all directions are based on the local belief that his
house faces due South.

(b) Mr. █████████ stated that he had been awaken on the morning
of 20 August 1949 at approximately 0210 hours, Central
Standard Time, by the sound of his son coming home from a
date. Not being able to go back to sleep, Mr. █████████
got up and started out of the house to smoke. While he
was standing in the back door of his house, which is on the
north side, he saw what appeared to be a large moon rising
NNW of the house. Mr. █████████ knew that this was not
possible, since it was the dark of the moon. In order to
get a better view of this object, Mr. █████████ went out-
side of his house and moved around in his yard to a position
where he could see the object through openings in the trees.

(9) Witnesses

Mr. █████████ went inside and got his wife up at approximately
0315 hours; however, Mrs. █████████ looked at the object and
stated that it was only the moon, and she was not interested in
observing the moon at that hour of the morning at her age. Mr. █████████
stated that he had checked with various neighbors in 
the vicinity and none of them had seen this object. When inter-
viewed, Mrs. █████████confirmed her statement. 

(10) Comments of interrogator regarding the intelligence and character
of person interrogated.

This agent believes that MR. █████████ is a reasonably intelli-
gent and honest person; however, it is believed that he becomes
carried away on certain subjects and, therefore, tends to either
exaggerate or imagine that ordinary items are something strange
and unusual. This belief on the part of the agent is based upon
the following unusual allegations made by Mr. █████████:

(1) That the Milky Way and Big and Little Dippers are out of
place.

(2) That there is located on Mr. █████████'s ranch deposits
which contain uranium, diamond specks, pure graphite and
iron. Mr. █████████have these great rock samples supposedly
containing all of these mineral products.

(3) There has been unusual static interferences between 100KC

UNCLASSIFIED
```

(Note: Redaction bars have been represented with "█████████" in the OCR output to indicate blacked-out text, as present in the document.)

- page 7 -

There are no photographs on this page.

The text of the document is as follows:

```
DETAILS (Contd)                                     UNCLASSIFIED

and 170 kc, especially around 120 kc, where the sound is like
a drill or an electric motor.

(4) Mr. -------- did not report this aerial phenomena until af-
ter he had read an article in the Austin American Newspaper
for Saturday, 20 August 1949, entitled "USAF Discovers Two
Forerunners of Flying Saucers".

5. Relative to Radar Sightings

Not applicable.

6. General

(1) Possible releases of testing devices in vicinity sent aloft by
Ordnance, Navy, Air Force, Army, Weather Units, Research Organi-
zations or any other.

There are no Air Base Units in the vicinity of this sighting
from which information of this nature may be obtained.

(2) Sketches of the object and surroundings, signed statement of ------
------ and newspaper articles from the Austin American on
"Flying Saucers" are on file at District Office #10, Kelly Air
Force Base, Texas.
                             
                             CLOSED

UNCLASSIFIED

   - 7 -
_____
```

- page 8 -

