The image provided is a document page and does not contain any photographs.

Below is the text extracted from the document as requested:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE + TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
5 JUL 49 06/03/ Alexandria, Louisiana
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground, Visual
7. COURSE
Northeast
8. PHOTOS
o Yes
x No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
o Yes
x No

10. CONCLUSION
BALLOON

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object appeared to be light in color with a luminous center;
of bright yellow. The shape of this object, according to the
observer, was round, flat on the edges, and thick in the center;
The object disappeared behind trees and a building.
```

The bottom line text is partially cut off and slightly obscured, but it refers to the form ID and possibly a directive about the usage of the form:

```
FTD SEP 63 O-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.
```

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned text document. Below is the text output from the document:

---

ESSENTIAL ELEMENTS OF INFO (ITION

(Re Sighting(s) of Unidentified Aerial
Object(s)

PROJECT "SIGN"

1. Date of sighting  5 July 1949

2. Time of sighting  Approximately 2100 hours
   (Local by 24 hr clock)

3. Where sighted.  The object appeared to be passing directly
   over the observer who was at her residence at
   [Redacted], Alexandria, Louisiana.
    
   a. Ground
      (1) City, town

      (2) Distance and direction from city or town,
         road, intersections, etc.

      (3) From building (story), yard, etc.

      (4) Map coordinates (if feasible) showing
         latitude and longitude

   b. Air
      (1) Type aircraft, speed, altitude, direction of flight

      (2) Distance and direction from city, town or known landmark

      (3) Clock position of object from observer's aircraft

      (4) Latitude and longitude

   c. Sea
      (1) Latitude and longitude

      (2) Proximity to land
          (Name city, country, etc.)

4. Number of objects  One (1)

   a. Formation type (if any) (Sketch if possible)

5. Distance of object from observer

   a. Laterally or horizontally

   b. Angle of elevation from horizon  Directly overhead

   c. Altitude  Approximately 2000 feet.

UNCLASSIFIED

[Redaction]

8-3801-TC

---

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. Here is the text output from the document:

```
Page 2
Essential Elem. ts of Info
Project "SIGN"

6. Time in sight Approximately three (3) minutes.

7. Appearance of object

  a. Color - appeared to be light in color, with a luminous center 
     of bright yellow.
  b. Shape (sketch if possible) round, flat on the edges, thick in
     the center.
  c. Apparent construction (translucent)
  
  d. Size

     (1) Estimated size
     (2) Size as it appeared from observr's view approximately the 
         (Compared to known object) size of an automobile wheel

8. Direction of flight northeasterly direction.

9. Tactics or maneuvers object traveled in a horizontal line throughout
   observation and seemed to be just floating along.
   a. Vertical ascent or descent, horizontal, oscillating,
      fluttering, evasive, aggressive, erratic, etc.

10. Evidence of exhaust None

   a. Color of smoke

   b. Length and width

   c. Odor (if any)

   d. Rate of evaporation

   e. Does trail vary with sound? (spurts)

11. Effect on clouds Object did not travel through any cloud formations.

   a. Opened path thru clouds
   
   b. Formed cloud or mists
   
   c. Reflected on cloud
   
   d. Shown thru cloud

12. Lights

   a. Reflected or attached Light appeared to be attached to center
      of object.
   b. Luminous
  
   c. Blinked on and off in relation to speed UNCLAS

8-3801-TC
[Redacted black lines]
```

The redacted portions are represented by a black line, and no information can be derived from them.

- page 3 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided. Below is the text extracted from the document as if by an OCR system:

```
Page 3
Essential Elem,...ts of Info
Project "SIGN"                       UNCL...TED

13. Support None observed
   a. Wings
   b. Aerodynamic lift of fuselage
   c. Vertical jst
   d. Rotating cylinder or cone
   e. Aereostatic lift (balloon or dirigible)

14. Propulsion None observed
   a. Propellor or jet
   b. Rotor
   c. Aerodynamic vanes (flapping or oscillating)
      (Kutta/Joukowsky effect)
   d. Visible exhaust or jet openings

15. Control and stability None that could be observed
   a. Fins
   b. Stabilizers (horizontal or vertical)
      (1) Size
      (2) Shape
      (3) Location

16. Air ducts None observed
   a. Slots
   b. Duct openings

17. Speed - M.P.H. Approximately 100 MPH

18. Sound None
   a. Continuous whine or buzz
   b. Roar, whistle, whoosh
   c. Intermittent

UNCLA...TED
```

Please note that there are portions of the text that are not fully legible due to redaction or poor quality of the document, indicated by ellipses (...) and partially obscured words.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
Page 4
Essential Elements of Info(Report)              UNCLASSIFIED
Project "SIGN"

19. Manner of disappearance

   a. Explode
      (1) Possibility of fragments
      (2) Other physical evidence

   b. Faded from view

   c. Disappeared behind obstacle: Object disappeared behind a heavy
      wooded area. Relative to the Observer

8. Name of observer: Mrs. [redacted]

9. Address: [redacted] Alexandria, Louisiana

10. Occupation: Dressmaker and former school teacher

11. Place of business

12. a. Employer or employee

13. Hobbies: None

     a. Time engaged in hobby (experience)
        Is observer amateur astronomer, pilot, engineer, etc.:

14. Ability to determine Mrs. [redacted] wears glasses only while employed
     as a dressmaker.
     a. Color
     b. Speed of moving objects
     c. Size at distance

15. Reliability of observer.

     a. Sources
        (1) Neighbor X
        (2) Police Dept X
        (3) FBI records
            Employer

                                              UNCLASSIFIED

      8-3801-TC
```

- page 5 -

There are no photographs in this image. Here's the text from the document:

Page 5
Essential Elements of Info
Project "Sign"

UNCLASSIFIED

8. Notes relative to observer on

   a. Sightings in general

   b. How attention was drawn to object (s)
      (1) Sound
      (2) Motion
      (3) Glint of light object.

9. Witnesses

   a. Addresses
   b. Occupation
   c. Reliability

10. Comments of interrogator re intelligence and character of person interrogated Mrs. ------ appeared to be above average intelligence and it is not believed that this report was given to obtain publicity. Relative to Radar Sightings

1. Re radars now operating on ground

   a. Observations of range, speed, altitude and size of target

   b. Does target execute any turns? If so, what angle (l'rO°), etc., and what radius of turn. If radius of turn is not observable, how long did the target stay in the turn and what was its speed?

   c. Note particularly any separation of distant- target into separation of a distant target into several targets upon approach. Track all if possible.

If airborne when object sighted

   a. Were there any radar inductions or extra noise on radio circuits

   b. Give estimates of size, speed, maneuvers, etc.

UNCLASSIFIED

8-3801-TC

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this document. Below is the text output as requested:

Page 6

GENERAL

ENCL: 

1. Teletype sequences of local weather conditions 10 miles visibility, wind - east 7 MPH, temp. 780, dewpoint 75
2. Time/pilot report

3. Local flight schedules of commercial, private and military aircraft flying in vicinity at the time. (Check Canadian activity if close to tht border.)

4. Possible releases of testing devices in vicinity sent aloft by Ordnance, Navy, AirForce, Army "Proving Units", "Research Centers", Chemical Corp, Ordnance Proving Ground, or any other U.S. Government Agency which obtain soil samples within and without de-
   impacted area, obtain oﬂn soil passes through air without do-
   pression or spot where object landed (and then presumably departed) for purpose of making comparison of soils.

5. If object came sufficiently near other aircraft or known objects check surfaces with Geiger counters for possible radioactivity. Make comparisons with other unaffected aircraft objects, etc.

6. Obtain photographs (or original negatives) where available; if not, secure sketches of

   a. Object

   b. Surrounding terrain where observed

   c. Place where it contacted earth (if this happened)

   d. Manœvers

   e. Formation if objects were more than two

7. Secure signed statement

8. Obtain fragments or physical evidence where possible

9. Was any radio antenna to be observed, i.e. (any projections or extensions that might presumably be construed as such)

UNCLASSIFIED

8-3801-TC

- page 7 -

The image provided is a scanned document page without any photographs. As requested, I will act as an OCR and provide the text output from the document:

---

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

FILE NO. 6309803
DATE 13 February 1949

REPORT MADE BY Office of Special Investigations
REPORT MADE AT ALEXANDRIA
PERIOD JULY 1949
OFFICE OF ORIGIN ALEXANDRIA

STATUS [...l]
CHARACTER INITIAL REPORT

REFERENCE

SYNOPSIS
None. This is an initial report.

Mrs. [REDACTED], Alexandria, Louisiana, reported that on 5 July 1949, at approximately 2100 hours, she observed an object which appeared to be light in color with a luminous center or bright yellow. The shape of this object, according to the observer, was round, like two saucers, and thin in the center. The size was estimated to be approximately that of an automobile wheel.

[REST of the document is cut off]

DISTRIBUTION

CG, ATIC, Wright-
Patterson AFB,
Dayton, Ohio 3
(Action cy w/incl) 2
(Info cy w/incl) 2
OSI w/incl 3d Region Commander
w/incl 1
DO 15
(Info cy w/incl) 1
DO #9. File 1

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO

Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

FILE STAMP

APPROVED

[Signature: Edward R. For]
EDWARD R. FORY
Major, USAF

District Commander UNCLASSIFIED

AFHQ FORM O-208 Replace AF Form 4,2,3[...] 15 JAN 49
16-5714-T-L U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE

--- 

The rest of the document is not visible due to the cut-off parts of the scan. Please note that the [...] indicates where the text is not legible or has been purposely redacted before the public release of this document.

- page 8 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs; it's a page of textual content from a Project Blue Book report. Here's the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED                                       INCIDENT NO. 399

1. Date of Observation       6 July 1949        Date of Interview    16 July 1949

2. Exact Time (local)        2100

3. Place of Observation      Alexandria, Louisiana

4. Position of observer      Ground

5. What attracted attention to object happened to notice

6. Number of objects        1

7. Apparent size        3 foot diameter

8. Color of object      Luminous grey with amber light in center.

9. Shape                Round like inverted saucer.

10. Altitude            450

11. Direction from observer   NE

12. Distance from observer   3,000'.

13. Direction of flight of object(s) NE

14. Time in sight        30 Seconds

15. Speed                Slow like balloon

16. Sound and odor       None

17. Trail                None

18. Luminosity           Shiny but not brillant

19. Projections          None

20. Maneuvers            None

21. Manner of disappearance Behind trees and building

22. Effect on clouds     None

23. Additional information concerning object

24. Weather Conditions   (over)

                                    UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a textual document. Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Page 2                                                          Incident ___399___

Name and address of observer: Mrs. [REDACTED]                            Alexandria, La.

Occupation and hobbies:

                                Housewife
                                Study and research of French history

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

                                Appeared of excellent character.


NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs to describe. I will now provide the text from the document shown in the image:

---
GUIDE TO INVESTIGAT...
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT

Incident No.             

1. Date of observation 6 July 1949   Date of Interview  18 July 1949
2. Exact time of observation (local)  2100 hours
3. Place of observation:                     Alexandria, Louisiana
   (Map Coordinates)
4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location or ... five details)
   Sitting in front yard of dwelling house at ....................................
   Alexandria, Louisiana
5. What attracted attention to object:  Nothing in particular, just happened
   to look up as object appeared in sight.
6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping:  One (1) object.
7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or fist
   at arm's length):  Approximately three (3) feet in diameter.
8. Color of object:  A luminous Grey with amber light in center.
9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object):
   Round, like inverted saucer.
10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
    Forty-five (45) degree angle.
11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from north):  Northwest.
12. Distance from observer (distance to town, bldg, etc., over which object
    appeared to be): Three Thousand (3,000) feet.
13. Direction of flight of object (s):  Northeast.
14. Time in sight:  Thirty seconds.
15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance):  Slow like a balloon.
16. Sound and odor:  None
17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.):  None
18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of
    brilliance):  Shiny but not brilliant.
19. Projections (fins, wings, sa... antennae, canopies, etc.):  None
20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc - sketch or light path): None

UNCLASSIFIED
---

- page 11 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is a page of text from a document.

The text from the document is transcribed below:

---
GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION (Cont'd)                                      Incident No. ________
21. Manner of disappearance: Disappeared behind trees and buildings.

22. Effect on clouds: None

23. Additional information concerning object: None
 
24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting; After dark, clear night, moon was not shining.

25. Name and address of observer: Mrs. [redacted]
         Alexandria, Louisiana
    Occupation and hobbies: Housewife; Hobby: Study and research of 
         French history
    Comments of interrogator relative to intelligence and character of 
    observer (check neighbors, police dept, FBI records, employer, etc.)

     See REMARKS:

Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of sight-
ing, or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent
material? Observer wears glasses, with 20/70 vision corrected.

REMARKS: On 18 July 1949, Mr. [redacted] Alexandria, Louisiana, Occupation, Merchant, was interviewed
reference Mrs. [redacted] and stated that he has known [redacted] for five (5) years as a neighbor and aquaintance. Steele furthor
stated that [redacted] is a woman of excellent character and was not known as one who exaggerated.

The indices of the following agencies were checked on 18 July 1949, reference Mrs. [redacted] with negative results:
* City Police, Alexandria, Louisiana
* Sheriffs Office, Rapides Parish, Alexandria, Louisiana.

UNCL 

---

The redacted information has been removed for privacy reasons. Please note that in the transcription process, I have tried to retain the formatting and possible errors as they appear in the document.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the text as an OCR output:

```
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY
FORT SAM HOUSTON. TEXAS 

000.9 AKAD-B

SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Phenomena 

TO: Commanding General
Air Materiol Command
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTENTION: M.C.I.

The inclosed report re unidentified aerial phenomenon observed
by Mrs. ████████ at Alexandria, Louisiana, 6 July 1949, is
forwarded for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

[Signature]
MAX H. GOOLSBY
Colonel, GSC
Actg AC of S, G-2

1 Incl
As stated

[Handwritten note - indecipherable]
UNCLASSIFIED
[Redaction marker]
```

Please note that sections of the text have been redacted and are represented with blocks (██); these blocks are placeholders for information that has been censored in the original document.

- page 13 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a document page.

Below is the text output from the document:

---

5D 24-21-1                             UNCLAS 1st Ind
SUBJECT: SIGHTING OF FLYING DISC
     On 5 July 1949, at Alexandria, Louisiana, by ---------------.
SPECIAL INQUIRY – UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT

5th District OSI (IG), Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, O. 20 Sept 1949

TO: Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson Air
    Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, ATTN: MCIAXS

Forwarded for action deemed necessary by your office.

[Signature]
JEROME R. BRAUN
Acting District Commander
5th District OSI (IG)

Incl
n/a

                                                                           UNCLASSIFIED
                                                                                                                       2

---

Please note that some sections have been redacted, and a signature is present, but I'm unable to reproduce signatures.

- page 14 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

The text on the document reads:

```
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
Office of Special Investigations

IN REPLY REFER TO: 24-22

9th OSI District
Barksdale AFB, La.
15 September 1949

SUBJECT: SIGHTING OF FLYING DISC
On 5 July 1949, at
Alexandria, Louisiana, by
Mrs. --------
SPECIAL INQUIRY - UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT

TO: Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

1. Transmitted herewith is Closed Report of Investigation regarding above Subject.

2. 9th District OSI contemplates no further investigation of the above Subject.

Edward R. Peck.
Edward R. Peck
Lt. Colonel, USAF
District Commander

1 Incl:
Rpt of Invest (2)
UNCLASSIFIED
```

The black lines indicate redaction or obscured text for confidentiality. The document appears to be a cover letter accompanying a report on a UFO sighting. It has been marked "UNCLASSIFIED" at the bottom of the page.

- page 15 -

