The image appears to be a scanned document page with no photographs visible. The page seems to be a form or report with typed and handwritten text, as well as some redacted sections. Below is the text content that can be discerned from the document:

-----

(ATB FOR...)
                                                                                DATE OF INFO.   5 Jan 1949
CORP.               ---                            
                                                                                 LOCATION       Orlando AFB, Fla.
                                                                                                          
SUBJECT            ---
                                                                                 SOURCE         Civilians & Airmen
ATC NO.           ---
                                                                                 TYPE OF INFO.  ---
                                                                                 
                                                                              -----
FILE NO.            ---
                                                                               COLOR           Green to Blue-green
                                                                             -----
TIME - Z             0155                                                                                     
                                                                               SPEED          12 - 150 MPH
                                                                             -----
FORM               Auto model
                                                                               ALTITUDE       500'
                                                                             -----
DATE               5 Jan (1949)
                                                                               LENGTH OF THE OBSERVATION     3 to 10 Seconds
NO. OF COPIES   1
                                                                              TYPE OF OBSERVATION   Ground
NO.                  ---
                                                                                MANEUVERS   in circular motion
                                                                             -----
                                                                                   Duration and Speed  rules out
                                                                                          meteor
                                                                                   [redacted line]
                                                                                   Possible Aircraft
                                                          
                                                          
AIR FORCE FORM 329
(1 Jan 52)

-----

Please note that due to the quality of the scan and the presence of redacted content, some sections may not be completely clear or accurate.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scan of a newspaper article.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

THE INDEPENDENT, ST. PETERSBURG, FLORIDA

Aerial Mystery Baffles Chief 1 February 1949

'Flying Disc' Visits Pinellas

By C. WYNN LENCHUCK
Those "Men from Mars" might be going between 400 and 500 miles per hour. It was perfectly round and appeared to be as large as four of the big planes. The object towered over the city in army planes. The object formed a complete circle and threw out a strange greenish light with four strange greenish lights."

Previous, on the odd whim, witnesses, Kramer Thomas, Previously,
Among the first to report the Palmetto, reported to fishermen of the Aloma encountered the Flying object was E. Sensenbrenner, an auto mechanic at the plant. The pattern is always whirling disc. . . along about
Wilson's Hi Hat Body and Fender the coast. MacDill Field about 300 miles per hour . . throwing
Palmetto, reported to fishermen of out a strange greenish light with
W.E. Taylor that he saw a "plane" fishing near four white streaks."

Never as the "whirling discs". Recently during day-
light observation point of. Aloma. Alabama saw the heads of the passengers
showing through the windows
of the monster which was as big as a freight car, re-
ported, and which whizzed by
his plane which was flying
along at a 150 mile clip.

The apparition (or is it?) has
been attributed to:

1. Men from Mars.
2. Russian spies.
3. Secret army planes.
4. Low moth fog.

City Publicity Director, Press Phillips takes a saner view: "Uh, doubtedly," Phillips stated, passing briefly from his daily chores of mailing pictures of girls in swim suits to Northern news-
papers, "undoubtedly, what these people saw yesterday was ac-
tually men from Mars who had heard about the wonders of St. Petersburg and the Gulf Beaches. Thus far none of these visitors from another planet have regis-
tered at the chamber of com-
merce but I shall certainly notify The Evening Independent just
as soon as they do. I understand
people from Mars have little
green cards and I fear their
tropedoes and I believe I will
conquer them".

NOTE: Shame a
"L.J.U.", and you too, Press
Phillips for not recognizing as
winter visitor in a hurry to get
away from it all. The "hall"
shape? Merely snow and ice
pilled in a fast trip from the
Mid-west.

(Note: the text transcription may contain inaccuracies due to the quality of the scan and the nature of printed newspaper text.)

- page 2 -

The image shows a page that looks like a newspaper clipping with text and two illustrations. The first illustration appears to be a header with the text "CITY DESK", and it features a drawing of a man sitting at a desk with his feet up, talking on the telephone. The second illustration is a comic strip-like drawing located at the bottom left of the page. It depicts a figure looking up at an object in the sky with the captions "IT'S A BIRD! IT'S A PLANE..." implying surprise or confusion about the unidentified flying object.

Here is the OCR output of the text in the document:

---
CITY DESK

St Petersburg Times 2 February 1949

Saucers Again
That high-speed bugaboo of the airways, the flying saucer, has now scared the bejabbers out of two town visitors . . the newest eye tale the beady after The Times reported that up-
county people had seen the saucers . . yesterday Mrs. M. C. Bonner and Mrs. Mary Jackson,
Daytona, on Missouri, staying at 
171½ Gulf Boulevard, w e r e 
frightened by the same thing
... encountered to early reports
they claim the disk was about
the size of a waste paper basket, seemed to be traveling very
low right past the windows.

and then it shot up into the air
over the bright green in colors
said it was Gulf . . . the ladies
and "shot fire"... both said
they saw it while in the sunroom
of their beach residence . . .
where it will all end, knows no
one... "Exhibit "F"
---

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document text. Here is the text as an OCR system would output:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS UNITED ,ATES AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
FILE NO.
24345                                          DATE
                                                     7 March 1949
REPORT MADE BY
Vincent Mobilia S/A
AT
7th OSI DST (IG)Orlando AFB, Orlando,Fla
PERIOD
1 Dec 23 Feb 49
OFFICE OF ORIGIN
4.3.5 March 1949
                                                                     TO
                                                                       McDill AFB, Tampa 8, Fla
STATUS
                                                           RUC
CHARACTER
SPECIAL INQUIRY
REFERENCE
Ltr. frm CO Hq. 5, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio, dtd 13 Feb 49
SYNOPSIS
Investigation requested by Commanding General, Air Material Command,
Wright-Patherson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio. An unidentified airborne lighted
object with pulsating light, bluish-green in color, round and the approximate
size of an automobile wheel was sighted in the vicinity of Orlando Air Force Base,
Orlando and Winter Park, Florida, by 5 Air Policemen and 3 Civilian Policemen
sometime between the hours of 0115 and 0200, 31 January 1949. A total of 8 points
of observation located within a radius of 7 miles report this object to be
between 2000 and 4575 above the horizon and the line of general Southwesterly direction
all aircraft departing this area, begin thier flights. On observer stated
this object was "crazy", spanking along-spanking in a manner that a boat makes bailing
in calm water. Speed of the object was reported to be less than the expected plane
aircraft approaching land, too "Extraneously fast". All observers reported that
no fire or smoke trailed the object. The color of this object was basi-
whally green in color. Two of the observers reported the object as leaving a slight
halo in approximating its end, no "Extraneously fast". All observers reported that
no fire or smoke trailed the object. The color of this object was basi-
whally green in color. Two of the observers reported the object as leaving a slight
halo in approximating its end, no "Jet Was reported to be from that of a light
aircraft. One source of the object was really fast". All observers reported that
there was no sound, odor, projectiles or trail to the object. However, one person
who did not observe this object, advised that shortly after the approximate times
the observation he smelled a peculiar odor similar to that of garbage burning in
an incinerator in the vicinity of Orlando Municipal Airport. All observers
reported that object did not appear to go below the horizon but was lost to sight
when it went behind buildings or trees in line of vision. The flight path was
described by most of the observers as generally straight and level with a slight
angle of assent. One observer reported a slight dip and curry in the flight
path and another reported an s motion. Periods of observation varied from 3 to 90
seconds. During the reported flight of this object over Orlando and vicinity the
weather was clear, stars were out, there was no moon or clouds and all observers
had good visibility. All observers are regarded as reliable, did not wear eye
glasses, and with the exception of 2, who viewed the object through automobile
windshields
DISTRIBUTION
CIG, AIO (action)                                  -2
HQ, OSI                                                -2
DO 5                                                  -2
DO 7 +                                                  -3
ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
AFOSI FORM 1
26 JULY 1948
OCOATING SEAL
APPROVED BY
CHARLES H. HUTSON
DEPUTY DISTRICT.COMMANDER
UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that there may be minor inaccuracies due to the quality of the scanned document.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

---
Incident No. 24-3
Guide to Investigation J UNCLASSIFIED

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistance,etc.) none

15. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other -- degree of
brilliance): Object looked like a ball of cotton saturated
with luminous paint

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.): none

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc -- sketch of flight path):

21. Manner of disappearance: Disappeared like a light turned off (no trees or
obstructions in line of vision)

22. Effect on clouds: no clouds

23. Additional information concerning object: Object had Fuzzy edges and was
like the flame of an acetylene torch which has just been lighted

24. Wcather conditions and light at time of sighting: no moon-stars out-
weather clear - good visibility

Name and.address of observer: George S. Dias, Pfo, AF3145824, 25383 Base Sv Sqdn
Orlando AFB, Orlando, Fla. Barracks 2717

Occupation and hobbies: Soldier, no particular hobbies

Observer has had military service from Nov '42 to the 2 Mar '46 and from
28 Sept '48 to date. From Mar '46 to Sept '48 Observer had several miscellaneous
Jobs, as Music Box repairman, and in Food stores and still mlls. Observer has
contracted at Confidential Agreement months Intelligence and character of observer
is this intelligence dept., FBI records, employer, etc.).

Observer is 25 years of age and advised that he had served a sentence at
Morgansa Pennsylvania Reform School from 1938 to 1939 or a charge of larceny of approx
$10,00 worth of Food Stuffs and $25.00 in money. Observer has no other record and
the MP Sgt in charge of his relief and fellow MPs advised th;t Observer "has learned his
lesson," and enjoys a good reputation in the Base Service Sqdn.

Did observer wear glasses, especially, polaroid glasses at time of sighting,
or were object viewed thru canopy, window, or other transperent material?

Observer did not wear glas.:e: and is not color-blind. Object was not viewed
through a window or .any other material.

DELETED DECLASSIFIED

---

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image is a scanned page of a text-based document. Here is the text extracted from the document as an OCR would:

```
P&E 313415824, 25334			P&E 313415824, 25334 	Sr ^54^
OAFB, Orlando, Fla			         OAFB, Orlando, Fla
     G.. I .. M tS TO . TJSU%^JNCLASSIFIED
	                 UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
	                          Incident No. _24_4-3

1. Date of Observation _31 Jan.49_ Date of Interview _24 Feb 49_________
 
2. Exact time of observation (local) _0152__

3. Place of Observation : See Exhibit I
   (Map Coordinates)

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg. location of – give details:
   Outdoors, approximately 200 yds South of the intersection of Colonial Dr.
   and Forest St., Orlando, Fla. (Gate No. 4 OAFB )

5. What attracted attention to object: Saw a light in the sky

6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping; _1

7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i. e., sun, moon, thumb or
   fist at arms length); Size of a large round dish pan

8. Color of object; Bluish-green

9. Shape (give graphic description – compare with known object);
   Round 

10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon – 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
    less than 45°

11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from North): Approx. 300°

12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., over which 
    object appeared to be): Approx. ½ mile, over the intersection of
    Suwannee Drive and Oakland Road, Orlando, Fla. (See Exhibit I)

13. Direction of flight of object (s): South 

14. Time in sight: 1 ½ minutes approximately

15. Speed (time to cover given earlier distance): appeared to be slow--approxima-;,
    the speed of a light aircraft approaching t(; L;.'id at Orlando Airport.

16. Sound and odor: none                                         INCLASSIF_n
```

- page 6 -

The image provided is a scanned page from a text document and does not contain any photographs; it is entirely text-based.

The text on the document reads as follows:

```
Incident: 2503

Page 2

Name and address of observer: PFC. Earl W. Cheek 25353rd Base Swv, Squad.
                                                                      Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando, Florida
Occupation and hobbies: Air Policeman

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of
observer(s):
      Described as a good solider by superiors and fellow airmen.

STATEMENT ... Affn. On 24 Feb, 49 Pfc Earl M. Cheek, AFP5555332 25353rd
Base Servic Sqdn., Orlando AFB, Orlando Florida, was interviewed. Cheek stated
that while he was standing just North of Bldg. T-2704, Orlando AFB, Orlando Fla.
at approximately 2200 hours the Sergeant of the Guard (Patton) called his
attention to a lighted object in the sky. This object appeared to be round,
about the size of a Jeep wheel without a tire and blue green in color. It
appeared to be approx. 450° above the horizon and first appeared at a position
315° from where he was standing over a point approx. 500 ft. from Bldg.
He was able to view the object for approx 1 to 1 1/2 minutes and stated that it
was traveling in a South-Southwesterly direction at approximately 100 mph.
(this estimate of speed is based on speed of aircraft in flight observed by
Cheek in vicinity of Orlando AFB). There was no sound, odor, trail or projections
in or around this object. The color of this object appeared to be very dull and
it appearing "like a lighted weather balloon", then wavered and then moved off, finally
disappearing "as it started as a rather stag descent and clouded over down the sky.
the stars were out and it was turned off. There were no visual underneaths. Cheek did not wear glasses, is not color-blind and did not view this object through any material.
```

Please note that some text might be faint or unclear due to the quality of the scan, but the transcription above reflects the visible text in the image.

- page 7 -

The image you provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typewritten document. Below is the text reproduced as requested:

```
BLUE BOOK NO. 250F

1. Date of Observation  31-Jan-49     Date of Interview  24 Feb 49 
2. Time of Time (Local) 0152  
3. Place of Observation Orlando Air Force Bass, Orlando, Florida
4. Position of observer Ground
5. What attracted attention to object E E Saw a light in the sky
6. Number of objects one
7. Apparent size Size of a large round dish pan
8. Color of object Bluish green
9. Shape Round
10. Altitude Less than 450'
11. Direction from observer Approx 3000'
12. Distance from observer Approx one half mile
13. Direction of flight of object(s), South
14. Time in sight Approx. one and a half minutes
15. Speed Appeared to be slow, Approx speed of a light Aircraft
     about to make a landing approach.
16. Sound could hear none
17. Trail none
18. Luminosity Looked like a ball of cotton saturated with luminous paint.
19. Projections none
20. Tail none

Observations:________________________________________________________________________
21.   Manner of disappearance: Disappeared like a light turned off. (no trees
      or obstructions in line of vision)
Weather conditions:__________________________________________
22.   Reflect on clouds  no clouds.
23.   Additional information concerning object  Object had shiny edges and
      was like the flame of an acetylene torch which had just been lighted
Weather conditions 
24.                       No moon or bright stars, Weather clear 
                        good    visibility
                                                         (over)
```

- page 8 -

There are no photographs present on the page you provided. It contains only written text. Here is the text output as if I were an OCR system:

---

Page 2 Inclosure: "TOP SECRET"
Case and Source of observance: 2583rd Base Svc Sqdn.
Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando, Florida.
Occupation and hobbies: Soldier

Observations of Interest by relative to intelligence and character of Observer(s):
Although observer has served some time in a penal institution at the present time he enjoys good reputation.

STATEMENT BY:
On 21 Feb 49, ------, 2583rd Base Service Sqdn., Orlando AFB, Orlando, Fla., was interviewed. Diaz stated that he was at his post, Gate No. 1, Orlando AFBI which is located approximately 200 yards South of the intersection of Colonial Drive and Forest Street, Orlando, Florida, when he saw a light in the sky at approximately 0152 hours on 31 Jan 49. Diaz described it as round, approximately the size of a large round dishpan and bluish-green in color. This object was first sighted by ---- at a position of less than 45° above the horizon over a point approximately 1/2 mile, at 3000' from his post. The object was in sight approximately 1 1/2 minutes. It was traveling in a southerly direction at approximately the same speed of a light aircraft approaching to land at Orlando airport. There was no sound, odor, trail or proj_____ in or around this object. ---- stated that it looked like "a ball of cotton saturated with luminous paint," with fuzzy edges and appeared to be very similar to the flame of an acetylene torch when first lighted. The object maintained a level flight all the time it was in sight with the exception of one sharp steep drop. After which it resumed its original altitude, finally disappeared from sight in mid-air "like a light switched off." There was no moon, the stars were out and the weather was clear with good visibility. ---- did not wear glasses, is not color blind and did not view the object through any material.

---

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned page from a document. Here is the text from the document:

---

Observer:  
Fratrolman, Winter Park  
Police Dept. Winter  
Park, Fla.

R E S T R I C T E D

GUIDE TO INVESTIGATIONS

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJEC[T] | UNCLASSIFIED

Incident No. 24-3

1. Date of Observa[tion _31 Jan 49_ Data of Interview _28 Feb 49_

2. Exact time of observa[tion (local) _Between 0115 and 0145_

3. Place of Observa[tion_: See Exhibit I  
(map Coordinates)

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details:
Outdoors - on Fairbanks Ave. approximately 200 ft south of the inter-
section of New York and Fairbanks Avenues, Winter Park, Fla.

5. What attracted attention to objec[t_: Saw a light in the sky

6. Number of objec[ts and sketch of formation or grouping: _1_

7. Apparent size (compare to known objec[t, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or
fist at arm's length): _Fist at arm's length._

8. Color of objec[t_: blue-green

9. Shape (gives graphic description - compare with known objec[t):
Exactly round. Similar in appearance to navigation lights on aircraf[t.

10. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
_90° approximately 20°_

11. Direction From observer (Angle clockwise from North): Approximately
_225°_

12. Distance From Observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., OVER which
objec[t appeared to be ): Approximately 1½ miles - appeared to be
directly over intersection of Orange and Orlando Avenues, Winter Park, Fla.

13. Direction of flight of objec[t (s): Slightly South Southwest

14. Time in sight: Approximately 40 seconds

15. Speed (time to cover^ [sigma angular distance]): Could not judge but
appeared to be approximately the speed of an aircraft approaching
Orlando Air Field.

16. Sound and odors: None

[Signature]
Declassified

C O N F I D E N T I A L

R E S T R I C T E D | UNCLASSIFIED ;

E X H I B I T III

---

Please note, the text has been replicated with any apparent errors or omissions as they appear in the scanned image. Additionally, in some parts of the document, the text was cut off at the edges, and I have indicated this with brackets where the text is incomplete.

- page 10 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

The following is the text output from the document:

---

RESTRICTED
CONFIDENTIAL
Page 2 Incident No. 24-3
Guide to Investigation UNCLASSIFIED

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc) None

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of
brilliance): Very dull in color like a weak incandescent light.

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, oaropies, etc.): None

20. Manoeuvres (turns, climbs, dives, etc - sketch of flight path); 

SIDE VIEW 

21. Manner of disappearance: Disappeared behind trees which were in line of sight.
22. Effects on clouds: No clouds

23. Additional information concerning object: None

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: Stars out - no moon - good visibility

Name and address of observer: New York and W. Swope Ave., Winter Park, Fla.
Occupation and hobbies: Patrolman, Police Dept., Winter Park, Flu. Fishing

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer
(Check neighbors, police dep't., FBI records, employer, etc.):

Observer has been a member of the Winter Park, Police Dept for approximately 20 months and has had approximately 4 years duty with the U.S. Navy Shore Patrol, answered questions intelligently and Chief of Police, Buchanan. advised that Early is considered a good and reliable patrolman.

Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of sighting, or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material? Observer did not wear glasses. Object was not seen through glass after. Observer reportedly has 20-20 vision and is not color-blind.

CONFIDENTIAL
RESTRICTED
EXHIBIT "TTT"
UNCLASSIFIED

---

- page 11 -

There are no photographs in the document provided. Here's the text contained within the document:

```
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL
SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

FILE NO. REPORT MADE BY DATE
71-209 SPECIAL AGENT ELLIS W. BUTTON 29 March 1949

TITLE REPORT NOT AT
Project "SIGN" DO NO. 15, IDIII AF Base, Tampa 5, Fla.

PERIOD OFFICE OF ORIGIN
12 Feb 1949 to 15 March 1949 DO NO. 15, IDIII AF Base, Tampa 5, Florida

STATUS
CLOSED

CHARACTER
Special Inquiry

REFERENCE LETTER FROM DO #5, Wright-Patterson AF Base, Dayton, Ohio, dated
12 February 1949

SYNOPSIS

Investigation requested by Commanding General, Air Materiel Command,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, in a letter dated
February 1949 to a letter dated 9 Feb 49, by Commanding General, Air
Material Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, the
Commanding Officer, Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando, Florida, reported
that "Flying discs" were sighted on that station at approximately 01555
hours, 31 January 1949. Investigation of the above report of S/A - member
of the Project "SIGN" Detachment, Orlando AF Base, Florida, reveals that the
"discs" (sic) most probably was an S2F in the above city lights, said
commanding Southwest at about 230 degrees...
was housing Municipal Airport, Tampa, Florida, was notified to Special
Air channels. lt..., was standing in front of his office at the
Municipal Airport, Tampa, Florida, at 0200 hours, 31 January 1949 and
observed the "discs" in question. (See Exhibit "A"). Chief of
Police, ..., was it's local authority for Air Force observers.
Project "SIGN", at any time of the Project (SIGN), namely Jan.
49, (See Exhibit "B"), A TAB 31009 approximately between 345
flying discs, reveals that the "SIGN" was traveling between 305 and 356
degrees in a southwesterly direction and continuing into the Gulf of
Mexico., last being seen over Safety Harbor, Florida. (See Exhibit "C")
newspaper clippings of the INDEPENDENT,St.Petersburg,Fla., and the St.
Petersburg TIMES, reveal that various individuals observed the Project
"SIGN", but efforts to contact these individuals, with the exception of
Chief of Police of... by Mayor ..., Fl., met with negative results
(See Exhibits D, E and F). No information as to where Project "SIGN" emanates.
Copy to CONAD Personal
FILM (Action by) 2 Air Materiel Command
CG, AMC (Action by) 2 Wright-Patterson AF Base
W/3 Dist Dayton, Ohio
W/7 Exhibits
DO #5 2
76A 2
2119

APPROVED

(TO BE TYPED IN DOUBLE SPACE ACROSS THIS REPRODUCTION)
(REMOVE "UNCLE" CLASSIFICATION OR DOWNGRADE TO CONFIDENTIAL OR RESTRICTED)
(FORM 1) (1948)
```

Please note that the text may not be completely accurate due to the quality of the document and any wear or damage it might have experienced.

- page 12 -

The image provided is a textual document. There are no photographs present in this image. Below is the text found in the document:

```
PROJECT NO. 1003
1. Date of Observation __3__Jan__49__ Date of Interview __4__F_feb__49__
2. Exact time (local) 0115-0115
3. Place of Observation Winter Park Florida
4. Position of observer Ground
5. What attracted attention to object : - Saw a light in the sky
6. Number of objects one
7. Apparent size Fist at arms length
8. Color of object Blue Green
9. Shape Exactly Round, similar in appearance to navigation lights on 
    an aircraft
10. Altitude Approx 20° 
11. Direction from observer Approx 225°
12. Distance from observer Approx 1 1/4 miles
13. Direction of flight of object(s) Slightly south of SouthWest
14. Time in sight Approx 40 seconds 
15. Speed Could not judge, but appeared to be approx. the speed of an Aircraft
    approaching Orlando Air Field
16. Sound none
17. Trail none
18. Luminosity Very dull in color like a weak incandescent light
19. Projections none
20. Maneuvers Steady flight, with a slight descent
21. Manner of disappearance disappeared behind trees which were in line of sight
22. Effect on clouds no clouds
23. Additional information concerning object
24. Weather conditions stars out no moon = good visibility
```


- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned page with typed text. Here is the text as an OCR output:

Page 2 Exhibit: 2500

Name and address of observer: [redacted]
Occupation and hobbies:
Patrolman - Winter Park, Florida

Comments of interviewer relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):
Answered questions intelligently and is considered a good and reliable patrolman.

----------

On 23 Feb 49, Patrolman [redacted], Police Dept., Winter Park, Florida, was
[redacted] stationed that while checking shop doors at a post on Fairbanks ave.
approximately 2000 feet South of the intersection of New York and Fairbanks avenues,
Winter Park, Florida, between the hours of 0115 and 0135, 31 Jan 49, his atten-
tion was attracted by a light in the sky which he thought to be an aircraft
about to crash. He observed a round object, blue-green in color similar in app-
earnance to navigation lights on aircraft and about the si4e of a Fiat at an arms
length as a position approximately 20° above the horizon and over a point
approximately 1 1/4 miles at 225° from his position. This object was in sight for
approximately 50 seconds. It was traveling in a slightly South-southwesterly dir-
ection at a slight angle of descent and at a speed approximating that of an air-
craft approaching Orlando Air Field. There was no sound, odor, trail or projections
in or around this object. It appeared to be very dull in color, similar to a weak
incandescent lamp and disappeared from view behind trees which were in his
line of sight. There were no clouds in the sky, no moon, the stars were out and
the weather was clear with good visibility. [redacted] reportedly has 20-20 vision
is not color blind, did not wear glasses and viewed the object through clear air.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph—it's a textual document. Here is the text output from the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL
GUIDE TO INVESTIGATIONS
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS  UNCLASSIFIED

Incident No. 24-x-3

1. Date of Observation __31 Jan. 49__ Date of Interview __3 Mar. 49__

2. Exact time of observation (local) __between 0130 and 0200__

3. Place of Observation: See Exhibit I
   (Map Coordinates)

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details):
   In automobile on Fairbanks Ave, approximately 200 ft south of the
   intersection of New York and Fairbanks Ave, Winter Park, Fla.

5. What attracted attention to object: Saw a light in the sky.

6. Number of objects and size of formation or grouping: 1

7. Apparent size (compares to known objects, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or
   flats at arms length): Size of an auto wheel

8. Color of object: Greenish - blue

9. Shape (give graphic description - compares with known objects):
   Slightly egg-shaped

10. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
    Approx. 30°

11. Direction from observer (angle clockwise from North): 270°

12. Distance from Observer (Distance to town, bldg, mtn., or other which
    object appeared to be at): Approximately 3/4 mile - appeared to be
    directly over intersection of Fairbanks and Orlando Aves., Winter Park,
    Fla.

13. Direction of flight of object (s): Slighty South Southwest

14. Time in sight: 15 to 20 seconds

15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Could not judge but
    appeared to be greater than the speed of aircraft usually seen in
    flight.

16. Sound and odor: none

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

UNCLASSIFIED
EXHIBIT I
```

- page 15 -

There is no photograph in the image provided. Here is the output of the text from the document, as an OCR system would produce:

```
RESTRICTED UNCLASSIFIED
Incident No. 243—

Page 2

Guide to Investigation

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc) none

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of
   brilliance): Object had a dull glow
 
19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.): none

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc - sketch of flight path):

21. Manner of disappearance;
   Disappeared behind trees which were in line of sight

22. Effect on clouds: no clouds

23. Additional information concerning object: Appeared to be a solid object with 
   a pulsating light.

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: Weather clear, good 
   visibility

Name and Address of Observer: Winter Park, Fla.

Occupation and hobbies; Patrolman, Police Dept., Winter Park, Florida
   Photography and Model Airplanes

Comments of interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer:
   (check neighbors, police report, FBI records, employer, etc.).

Observer is approximately 22 years of age and has been a member of the
Winter Park Police Dept for the past 8 months. He answered questions intelli-
ligently and with apparent sincerity. Chief of Police Burden advised that
he was, although the newest member of his force, was regarded as a reliable
patrolman.

Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of sighting,
or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material:

Observer did not wear glasses and is not color-blind. Object was viewed
through windshield of his Police Cruiser.

UNCLASSIFIED

EXHIBIT IIII

RESTRICTED UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
                   PROJECT NO. 2304

1.  Date of Observation___31 Jan 49__Date of Interview___1 Feb 49___

2.  Exact time (local) 0130 - Estimated 0200

3.  Place of Observation: Winter Park, Florida

4.  Position of observer: Ground in auto

5.  What attracted attention to object: - - saw lights in the sky

6.  Number of objects: one

7.  Apparent size: Size of an auto wheel

8.  Color of object: greenish blue

9.  Shape: Slightly egg shaped

10. Altitude: approx 30°

11. Direction from observer: 270°

12. Distance from observer: Approx 3/4 mile

13. Direction of flight of object(s): slightly south southwest

14. Time in sight: 15 to 20 seconds

15. Speed: could not judge, but appeared to be greater than speed of Aircraft’s
    usually seen in flight

16. Sound and how heard: none

17. Trail: none

18. Luminosity: Object had dull glow

19. Projections: none

20. Maneuvers: Straight flight, steady descent

21. Manner of disappearance: Disappeared behind trees in line of sight

22. Effect on clouds: no clouds

23. Additional information concerning object appeared to be solid light object:
    with a pulsating light

24. Weather conditions: Weather clear - good visibility
```
Please note that the text contains some strikethroughs and overwritten sections that the OCR transcription process may not render precisely.

- page 17 -

The image provided is a text document. There is no photograph present within the document. Below is the text extracted from the document as accurately as possible:

---

Incident:            250 H
Page: 2

Name and Address of Observer: Winter Park, Florida

Occupation and hobbies: Patrolman, Winter Park, Florida
                        Photography - Model Airplanes

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of
observer(s):
Answered questions intelligently and with apparent sincerity regarded as
a reliable patrolman

---

STATEMENT NO. 457

On 3 March 1949, Patrolman [REDACTED], Police Department, Winter Park,
Florida, was interviewed. [REDACTED] stated that while coaching shop doors
at a point on Fairbanks Ave, approximately 200 feet south of the inter-
section of New York and Fairbanks Avenues, Winter Park, Florida, between the
hours of 0130 and 0200, his attention was attracted by a light in the sky
which he thought to be an aircraft about to crash. He observed a single ob-
ject approximately the size of an automobile wheel, but slightly egg-shaped
and greenish blue in color, which appeared to be about 30° above the horizon,
over a place approximately 3/4 miles from his point of observation at an
angle of 270°. [REDACTED] fixed the point over which the object appeared as the
intersection of Fairbanks and Orlando avenues, Winter Park, Florida. This object
was traveling in a slightly South Southwesterly direction at a speed which
appeared to be greater than the speed of aircraft usually seen in flight.
It remained in sight for approximately 15 to 20 seconds. There was no sound,
odor, or projections in or around this object. It appeared to be solid
and the light within it was a dull pulsating glow. While in sight, its
flight path appeared to have a slight angle of descent. [REDACTED] lost
sight of the object when it disappeared behind trees in his line of vision.
There were no clouds in the sky, the weather was clear with good visibility.
[REDACTED] did not wear glasses and is not color-blind but did view the
object through the windshield of his police cruiser.

---

- page 18 -

There are no photographs present in the displayed document. Below is the text as requested:

---
CONFIDENTIAL UNCLASSIFIED
GUIDE TO INVESTIGATIONS
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
Incident No. 24-3

1. Date of Observation 31 Jan 49 Date of Interview 3 Mar 49
2. Exact time of observation (local) 0110
3. Place of Observation: See Exhibit 1
(map coordinates)
4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details:
In Automobile, located on 1100 Block W. Central Ave., Orlando, Fla.

5. Witness turned attention to object^: Thought it was a falling star
6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping: 1
7. Apparent size (compares to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or
fist at arms length): Looked like the exhaust of a Jet Plane

8. Color of objects: Blue-white
9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object):
Round, approximately the size of an automobile wheel with the
rear end appearing to be jagged
10. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - @ horizon, 90° overhead): 300
11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from North): 330°
12. Distance from Observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., over which
object appeared to be ): 3 to 4 miles over western edge of town
(See Exhibit I)
13. Direction of flight of object(s): South Southwest
14. Time in sight: 3 to 4 seconds
15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Could not judge but
appeared to be traveling extremely fast
16. Sound and odor: none

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

EXHIBIT 1

E X H 1 B I 1 T
---

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document-page with text related to an old UFO report from Project Blue Book. Below is the text extracted as requested:

```
CONFIDENTIAL UNCLASSIFIED

Page 2
Guide to Investigation                                  Incident No. 24-X-3

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc) none

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescense, other - degree of 
brilliance) glowing - like a blow torch which has 
just been lighted

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.); none

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc - section of flight path);

21. Manner of disappearance: disappeared behind trees. These trees/??/
close to observer

22. Effects on clouds: no clouds

23. Additional information concerning objects: Object appeared tobe very 
low in the sky

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting; no moon-stars out-
was other clear - good visibility. Observation slightly impaired 
by glare of street lights and radio light in automobile

Name and address of observer: *Redacted* Valente' Trailer
Park, 1701 S. South Street, Orlando, Florida
Occupation and hobbies! Patrolman, Orlando Police Dept
Radio

Comments ca Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer
(Check neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employer, etc.).
Observer has been a patrolman on the Orlando Police Dept for approximately
2½ years and had been an aerial radio o-oeracor with the USAP for approximately
3 years. Observer is regarded as reliable by his superiors.

*text unreadable* occasionally, especially, particularly, designed to in the of ingestion,
has access to read many summary, wooden or other transoarency material.
Observer did not wear glasses and is not color-blind. Objects was
viewed through window of police cruiser.

RESTRICTED UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document page. Here is the text as requested:

```
                                 UNCLASSIFIE
WINDS ALOFT
0400 hours ---- ALTITUDE DIRECTION VELOCITY
                1000          190°        26 Kts
                2000          190°        43 Kts
                3000          190°        41 Kts
                4000          200°        30 Kts
                5000          210°        33 Kts
                6000          210°        35 Kts

ENCLOSURES

FOR COMMANDING GENERAL, AIR MATERIEL COMMAND, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, DAYTON, OHIO:

Exhibits I            ----Map of Orlando & Winter Park, Fla.
Exhibit II            ----Rpt of Visibility
Exhibit III           ---- "  "    "
Exhibit IV            ---- "  "    "
Exhibit V             ---- "  "    "
Exhibit VI            ---- "  "    "
Exhibit VII           ---- "  "    "
Exhibit VIII          ---- "  "    "
Exhibit IX            ---- "  "    "

UNDERVELOPED LEADS

DO # 7, MacDill Air Force Base, Tampa 3, Florida.

AT TAMPA INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, TAMPA, FLORIDA

        1. Will interview Mr. ████████ Chief Communicatior and deterr-
mining substance of reports of unidentified object sighted over Drew Field
at 0110 hours 31 Jua 49.

        2. Will interview individuals names in above reports and determining
extent of observation made by these individuals. 

UNCLASSIFIED

CONFIDENTIAL
```

- page 21 -

The image appears to be a text document without any photographs. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
GUIDE TO INVESTIGATE 
REPORTS OF 
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS 

1. Date of Observation: 31 Jan 49 Date of Interview: 24 Feb 49

2. Exact time of observation (local): 0155

3. Place of Observation: See Exhibit I 
(map coordinates)

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details): 
Outdoors, North of Bldg No. T-2704, OAFB, Orlando, Fla.

5. What attracted attention to object: Object looked like a falling star. 

6. Number of objects and kind of formation or grouping: 1 

7. Apparent size (compares to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or 
item at arms length): Approximate size of an automobile wheel.

8. Color of object: bluish-green 

9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object): 
round 

10. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - 0º = horizon, 90º overhead):
approximately 30º 

11. Direction from observer (angle clockwise from North): Approximately 
315º 

12. Distance from Observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., over which 
object appeared to be): Approximately 800 ft (See Exhibit I)

13. Direction of Flight of object (s): From Southeast to Southwest 
(Curve)

14. Time in sight: 45 to 60 seconds 

15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Approximately 150 
MPH (Faster than a aircraft on final approach to Orlando Air Port).

16. Sound and odor: None 

UNCLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFIED C 
DOD DIR 5200.9 
EXHIBIT II
```

Please note that while I was able to transcribe the visible text, any text obscured or cut off at the margins has not been included in the transcription.

- page 22 -

The document provided does not contain any photographs, only typewritten text.

Below is the OCR text output from the document:

```
"SECRET"   R-E-S-T-R-I-C-T-E-D   "UNCLASSIFIED"

Page 2                         UNC LASSIFIED        Incident No. 
Guide to Investigation

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc) none

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of
              brilliance); a dull mass with a bright center

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.); none

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc - sketch of flight path):

                   SIDE VIEW

                   TOP VIEW

21. Manner of disappearance: disappeared from view while still in mid air
22. Effects on clouds:     no clouds

23. Additional information concerning object: Object did not appear to
    have any substance, appeared to be similar to the spot of a searchlight
    without the normal beam

24. Weather conditions and lights at time of sighting: no moon-stars out-
    clear and good visibility

Name and address of observer:           253d
Base Sv Sqdn OAFB, Orlando, Fla. - 277 Barracks
Occupation and hobbies!                Soldier, present assignment - Sgt of the Guard, 
Base Provost Marshall's Office, OAFB, - Hunting and citrus growing 

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer 
(Report of neighbors, police dept, FBI records, employers, etc.): 
Observer has been with the MP's at OAFB, since April 1943 and has a good
reputation and is considered reliable. Observer has had previous military
service from June 1933 to September 1945. From 1945 to 1943, Observer was
Deputy Sheriff of Indian River County, Florida.

Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at the of sighting,
If the object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material:
Object was not viewed through any material. Observer did not-use does
not wear glasses but possessed to be slightly color-blind.

R-E-S-T-R-I-C-T-E-D   "UNCLASSIFIED"
```

Please note that the text has been transcribed as-is, including any typographical errors or partially obscured words within the original document.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned page of a text document from Project Blue Book. Below is the text extracted from the document:

---

FILE NO.  2503

1.  Date of Observation  31 Jan 49      Date of Interview  24 Feb 49
2.  Exact time (local)  0155
3.  Place of Observation Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando, Florida,
4.  Position of observer  Ground
5.  What attracted attention to object is - Appearance like falling Star.
6.  Number of objects  One
7.  Apparent size  Approx size of auto Wheel
8.  Color of Subject  Bluish Green
9.  Shape  Round
10.  Altitude  Approx 300'
11.  Direction from observer  315°
12.  Distance from observer  Approx 300'
13.  Direction of flight of object/s  South East to SouthWest
14.  Time in Sight  45-60 seconds
15.  Speed  Approx 150 MPH (faster than an Aircraft on final approach)
16.  Sound and/or  none
17.  Trail  none
18.  Luminosity  a dull mass with a bright center
19.  Remarks  
20.  
    ----------------------------------------
21.  Observer's Object appeared to fly in an arc to west while making a
    slight descent then leveled off.
22.  Comments on reappearance  Disappeared in mid air, did not appear to
    go over horizon
23.  Effect on Clouds  no clouds

Remarks:  In summation source muc... object did not appear to have
          any substance, appeared to be similar to tht spot of a searchlight without
          the normal beam.

Weather condition: - no moon or stars out. Clear and good visibility.

---

- page 24 -

The image provided is a scanned page of a text document. There are no photographs included in this image. Here is the full text extracted from the document:

Page 2 Incident: 2503

Name and address of observer: 2533rd Base Ser. Sqd
OAFB, Orlando, Florida (Barracks 2717 )

Occupation and hobbies: Sgt of the Guard, Base Provost Marshall's Office

Comments of Interviewer relative to intelligence and character of observer(s): Good reputation and is considered reliable. Former Deputy Sheriff.

Observer professed to being slightly color blind.

On 24 Jan. 1949 —————————————, 2533rd Base Service Sqd., Orlando AFB, Orlando Florida, was interviewed, and stated that he was Sergeant of the Guard on the morning of 31 Jan 1949, at 0155 hours, while standing just north of building 1470-A, Orlando AFB, Orlando, Florida. As he stood watching lights on old jet engine which looked to him like an airplane about to crash and then like a falling star. This object was approximately 3° in size and resembled the hub and rim of an automobile wheel, bluish-green in color, round and appeared to be approximately 300° above the horizon. When first sighted, the object looked like it was about 100° above the horizon and over a point approximately 500 feet from ———————————————————— in a direction of approximately 315°. The line of flight of this object was from Southeast to Southwest in the form of a curve and was observed for a period of from 30 to 40 seconds. —————————— approximated the speed of this object at 150 mph, based on the speed of aircraft he had observed in flight. There was no sound, odor, trail or projection in or around this object. It appeared to be a dull mass, with a bright center and while in slight trave [sic] led on a level plane, then dipped and leveled off again finally disappeared while in mid-air. There were no clouds in the sky, no moon, stars were out and the weather was clear with good visibility. This object appeared to be without substance and was described by —————————— as similar to the spot of a searchlight without the normal beam. This object was viewed through clear space and observer did not and does not wear glasses, but did profess to be slightly color-blind.

[Redactions are indicated by a series of dashes where information has been obscured in the original document.]

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page with text, which I will transcribe for you below:

```
Page 3
Guide to Investigation     Incident No.______
___
16.  Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of
     brilliancy, visible __________________________.

19.  Projections (fins, wings, radio, antennas, canopies, etc.),
     NONE.
20.  Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. - sketch of flight path.),
     ST. LINE FLIGHT.
21.  Manner of disappearance, LOOK TO FINE VANISHMT. -CUNT. HORIZON.
22.  Effects on clouds NO CLOUDS.
23.  Additional information concerning objects,
     CIRCULAR PATTERN - REVOLVED SLOW - ORLANDO AIRPORT.
24.  Weather conditions and light at time of sighting?
     CLEAR VISIBILITY.
Name and address of observers: COMMUNICATOR, AFB PORT., T.MPHIA,FLA.
Occupation and hobbies: NONE.
Comments of Interrogator relating to intelligence and character of observer
(Check neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employers, etc.)
At DEUC LO dePAULA WELCALLE ZALKof IDE in ULCTENENTLY
_______________ in his attents, is very schlubtly
CALIBURATTON ALL communicators. The CULMIN CLEFTS
of different still has PARTICULAR-
Did observer wear glasses, specific Polaroid glasses at time of sighting
or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material?
NO GLAS/S/ES, ON DUTY; STANDBY IN FORM DOWNTRY &
What, Runnu SIGHT.
``` 
Please note that some parts of the text are illegible or unclear due to the quality of the document and the handwriting, and my output reflects that.

- page 26 -

There are no photographs present in this image. The image is a text document, and below is the text extracted from it:

```
GUIDE TO INVESTIGATIONS
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

Incidents No.___________

1. Date of Observation __31 Jan 49___ Date of Interview____24 Feb 49___

2. Exact time of observation (local) __0150___________

3. Place of Observation: See Exhibit 1 
   (Map Coordinates)

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details:
   Outdoors, North of Bldg No. T 2704, OAFB, Orlando, Fla.

5. What attracted attention to object: Comment by Sgt OSteen

6. Number of objects and size of formation or grouping; 1

7. Apparent size (compares to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or
   fist at arm's length): Size of a fist at arm's length

8. Color of object: bluish-green

9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known objects):
   Saucer shape

10. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
    Approximately 40°

11. Direction from observer (angle clockwise from  North)approx. 315°

12. Distance From Observer (Distance to town, bldg, otc., over which 
    object appeared to be ): Approximately 800 Ft (See Exhibit 1)

13. Direction of flight of object(s): South to Southwest

14. Time in sight: approximately 20 seconds

15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): approximate speed of
    aircraft approaching to land at Orlando Airfield 

16. Sound and odor: none

DECLASSIFIED
AUTHORITY 7X1
By NND Project_____DOD DIR 5200.9_____

EXHIBIT III
```

- page 27 -

The image provided appears to be a scanned page from a document, but it does not contain any photographs. There is text on the page which I will transcribe:

```
Page 2                                                    Incident No. 24-3
Guide to Investigation

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc) none

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescense, other - degree of
    brilliance): Looked like a luminous dot

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.): none

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc - sketch of flight path):

    S/P OF VIEW
                            N
    S         ---------------------------------------     T/P VIEW
 
21. Manner of disappearance: went out like light swithced off

22. Effect on clouds: no clouds

23. Additional information concerning object: Object appeared to be without
    substance. While in sight it appeared to be going on and off and at one time
    appeared to go behind an object. There was no air traffic in the sky at that
    time.
    Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: no moon-stars out-
    clear - good visibility

Name and address of observer: [REDACTED], 2583d Base Sv
                              Sqdn. OAFB, Orlando, Fla.

Occupation and hobbies: Provost Sgt., Base Provost Marshal's Office, OAFB,
                        Orlando, Fla.
                        Photography and fishing

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer
(Check neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employers, etc.):

    Observer was formerly an enlisted Investigator with the Base PM, OAFB.
    He has approximately 6 years military service and has been stationed at
    OAFB since August 1948. Regarded as reliably by superiors and fellow
    MPs.

DI 3643977 wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of sighting,
of the object through telescope, window, or other transparent material?
Observer did not wear glasses and viewed the object from outdoors.

EXHIBIT III
```

The redacted portions are markings made to ensure privacy and confidentiality. Please note that the original document might contain errors or inconsistencies that are present in this transcription.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text-based document. Below is the text reproduced as requested:

```
INDEX NO. 2500

1. Date of Observation. 31 Jan 49                Date of Interview  24 Feb 49
2. Exact time (local)  0150

3. Place of Observation: Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando Florida

4. Position of observer Ground

5. What attracted attention to object & - Sgts Ostteen

6. Number of objects one

7. Apparent size Size of a fist at arms length

8. Color of object Bluish Green

9. Shape Saucer shape

10. Altitude Approx 400

11. Direction from observer  315°

12. Distance from observer Approx 600'

13. Direction of flight of object(s) South to Southwest

14. Time in sight Approx 20 seconds

15. Speed Approx. speed of Aircraft approaching to land at Orlando AFB

16. Sound did hear  none

17. Trail none

18. Luminosity Looked like a luminous dot

19. Projections none

20. Maneuvers Slight Arc to west, but level flight path

21. Manner of disappearance went out like light switch turned off.

22. Effects on clouds no clouds

23. Additional Information concerning object: Object appeared to be without 
substance, appeared to be going on and off and at one tie appeared to go 
behaving. GO radar. There was no air traffic in the sky at the time.
No moon or stars out, clear good visibility.
```

Please note there might be minor inaccuracies due to the quality of the document and potential typographical errors inherent in the original text.

- page 29 -

The image you provided does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text from the document:

Incident - 2500
2533rd Base Sarr.Sqd.
Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando Florida.
Name and address of observer: Provost Sgt.
Occupation and hobbies: Provost Sgt.

Comments of Interrogr.tor relative to intelligence and character of
the observer was formerly an investigator with Base Provost Marshall
reguarded as reliable by superiors and fellow M.P.s

STATEMENT OF FACT: On 31 Jan 49, ____________ of the 2533rd
Base Service Sqdn. Orlando AFB, Orlando, Florida, was interviewed, & stated
that on the morning of 31 Jan 49 he was on duty with the Base Guard as an Enlisted
Investigator. At 0150 hours while standing on the ground just North of Bldg. T-204,
Orlando AFB, Orlando, Florida, ___________ remarked that there was a falling star.
_______________ motioned a blue-green, saucer-shaped object approximately the size of a fist
arm's length, which appeared to be over a point about 500 feet from him, and
approximately 400' above the horizon. This object was first sighted at a position approx.
315° from observer traveling__ a South to Southwest direction and was viewed from for
approximately 20 seconds ____ estimated the speed of the object as equiv-
alant to the speed of an aircraft approaching to land at Orlando Air Field. This ob-
ject had no sound, odor, trail or projections and looked like a luminous dot in the
sky. The object appeared to be without substance and while in sight seemed to be
going on and off and at one time apparently went behind another object.
It finally disappeared like a light switched off. There was no moon or clouds, the
stars were out and the weather clear with good visibility. There was no air traffic
in the sky at that time. ______________ did not wear glasses and viewed the object from
outdoors.

- page 30 -

The image displayed does not include a photograph. It's a scanned document page. Here is the text from the document:

```plaintext
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
Incident No. 24-3

1.  Date of Observation  _31 Jan. 49_  Date of Interview _24 Feb. 49_

2.  Exact time of observation (local) _0150_

3.  Place of Observation:
    (Map Coordinates)                         See Exhibit I

4.  Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details:
    Outdoors, North of Bldg T-27-04, OAFB, Orlando, Fla.

5.  What attracted attention to object: Comment by Sgt. O’steen

6.  Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping: 1

7.  Apparent size (compare to known object, i. e., sun, moon, thumb or
    fist at arms length): Size of an automobile wheel

8.  Color of object: green—with deeper shades toward center

9.  Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object): Round

10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
    Approx. 20°

11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from North): Approx. 300°

12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., over which
    object appeared to be): Approx. 800 Ft. (See Exhibit I)

13. Direction of flight of object(s): South
    DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
    DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
    DOD DIR 5200.10

14. Time in sight: Approximately 30 seconds

15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Approximate speed of aircraft
    in flight

16. Sound and odor:
    none

                EXHIBIT IV
``` 

Please note, the blacked-out text and some parts of the document are not entirely legible due to redaction or poor scan quality.

- page 31 -

The image displays a page from a Project Blue Book report. The page features a manually redacted text document with a significant amount of black marker obscuring some of its contents. There are no photographs present on this page.

Below is the text from the document as requested, excluding the obscured parts:

```
Page 2
Guide to Investigation

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.)     none

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other – degree of
   brilliance):
   Looked like a glass with a light behind it and color appeared to be
   phosphorescent.
   
19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.): none

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc – sketch of flight path):

21. Manner of disappearance: disappeared behind trees which were in line of sight

22. Effect on clouds:  no clouds

23. Additional information concerning object: While behind line of trees, object
   appeared to go out like a light turned off.

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting:
    weather clear - great visibility.  Observer did have some glare from flood-
    lights from prison stockade located North of Bldg T-2074 OAFB, Orlando, Fla.

Name and address of observer:                        25358 Base Sv Sq
                                                     OAFB, Orlando, Fla. Barracks 2717
Occupation and hobbies: Air Policeman

           Boxing and Wrestling

                                                        UNCLASSIf
   ---
Comments of Investigator relative to intelligence and character of observer:
(Check neighbors, police dept., FSI records, employer, etc.):
Observer is approximately 19 years of age and has approximately 9 months
military service. Was previously discharged in Nov 46 from basic training
for minority. Inquiries among fellow soldiers disclosed that [illegible] enjoys a
good reputation and is regarded as a reliable soldier.

                                                        UNCLASSIF---

Did observer wear glasses, especially polariod glasses at time of sighting,
or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material?

Observer did not wear glasses[crossed out: or colorblind. Object was not viewed
through a window or any material]
``` 

The text includes points from 17 to 24 regarding observations of a UFO sighting and personal information about the observer, along with comments on the observer's reliability. The document has been classified as unclassified (indicated as "UNCLASSIF").

- page 32 -

The image you provided does not contain any photographs, but it does show a typed document which I will transcribe as text:

```
FILE NO. 250 D

1. Date of Observation     31 Jan 49       Date of Interview       2 Feb 49
2. Exact time (local)      0150
3. Place of Observation    Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando, Florida
4. Facility of observer    Ground
5. What attracted attention to object      - Sgt. Ostergen
6. Number of objects       One
7. Apparent size           Size of an Automobile wheel.
8. Color of object         Green with deeper shades toward the center
9. Shape                   Round
10. Altitude               Approx 200'
11. Direction from observer 300°
12. Distance from observer Approx 800'
13. Direction of flight of object(s)  South
14. Time in sight          Approx 30 seconds
15. Speed                  Approx speed of Aircraft in flight
16. Sound heard            none
17. Trail                  none
18. Luminosity             Looked like a glass with a light behind it and color appeared
                           to be phosphorescent.
19. Projections            none
20. Aerodynamic slight climb
21. Manner of disappearance  disappeared behind trees in line of sight
22. Effect on clouds       no clouds
23. Additional Information  as observer's object While behind trees object appeared
                           to give off like a light turned off.
24. Weather conditions     No moon-stars out, Weather clear, Good visibility,
                           Observer did some glare from prison stockade flood lights.
```

- page 33 -

There are no photographs present in the image you have provided. Here's the text from the document as requested:

```plaintext
Page 2 Incident: -250-D----

Name and date of observart:
                                553rd Base Service Sqd.
                Orlando, Air Force Base, Orlando Florida

                                 Air Policeman

Comments & Interrogation relative to Intelligence and character of
observer(s):
              Illegible text is a good soldier and enjoys good reputation.


             On 21 Feb 49
Base Service Sqd., at Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando Florida, was interviewed.
Illegible text stated that he was Tower Guard at the Stockade, Orlando AFB, Orlando Fla.
on the morning of 31 Jan 49 and that at approximately 0150 hours the Sergeant
of the Guard Illegible text called his attention to an object in the sky. Illegible text was 
standing on the ground near the front gate of the stockade which is located just
north of Bldg. T-2710, Orlando AFB, when he saw an object in the sky the approx.
size of an automobile wheel. This object was round, and green in color with
deeper shades of green toward its center. It appeared to be about 20° above
the horizon and first appeared at a position about 300° from Illegible text, over a
point approximately 500 feet from where he was standing. This object was in
Illegible text sight for approximately 30 seconds and was headed in a Southerly direction
at about the speed of an aircraft in flight. There was no sound, odor or
projections to the object and it left no trail behind it. Illegible text stated that
it looked like a glass with a light behind it, and the color appeared to be
phosphorescent. The flight path of this object was level at first and then it
started a gradual climb until it disappeared. Illegible text was the color and in the
size of stars. When it was being observed, the light in the object appeared to
go out like a light turned off. During the period of observation, Illegible text stated
that there was no moon, the stars were out and the weather clear with good
visibility. Illegible text stated that he did have some glares from the flood-
lights of the stockades nearby, Illegible text did not wear glasses, is not color-
blinded and viewed the object through clear air.
``` 

(Text that could not be distinguished due to the quality of the document or censorship has been replaced with "Illegible text")

- page 34 -

The document does not contain a photograph, it's a text-based report. Here's the text extracted from the document:

---

2553d ⬛⬛ Sqdn ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
OAFB, Orlando, Fla.
G.I. ⬛ T I ⬛⬛ I T UNCLASSIFIED
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS Incident No. 24-⬛ 3

1. Date of Observation: 31 Jan 49 Date of Interview: 24 Feb 49
2. Exact time of observation (local) Approximately 0200
3. Place of Observation:
   (Map Coordinates) See Exhibit I
4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details:
   Outdoors, North of Bldg 27-C4, OAFB, Orlando, Fla.
5. What attracted attention to object: Remarks of Sgt OSteen
6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping: 1
7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i. e., sun, moon, thumb or
   fist at arms length): size of a Jeep Wheel without a tirg
8. Color of object: Bluish-green
9. Shape (Give graphic description – compare with known object): 
   Round
10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon – 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
    Approx. 45°
11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from North): 315°
12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., over which
    object appeared to be): Approx. 800 Ft. (See Exhibit I)
13. Direction of flight of object (s): South Southwest
14. Time in sight: Approx. 1 to 1½ minutes
15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Approx. 100 MPH (Based⬛⬛
    speed of aircraft in flight seen in the vicinity of OAFB)
16. Sound and odor: none
   UNCLASSIFIED

---

Please note that some parts of the text have been redacted with black marks (represented in the transcript as ⬛).

- page 35 -

No photograph is present in the image you provided; it's a text document.

Here is the text from the document as requested:

```
Page 2 Incident No. 24-43
Guide to Investigation                   UNCLASSIFIED
17. Trail (color, length, width, persistance, etc.) none

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other – degree of
    very dull brilliance):

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.): none

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc – sketch of flight path):

21. Manner of disappearance: like a light turned off

22. Effect on clouds: none

23. Additional information concerning object: looked like a bluish-green
    light bulb

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: stars out-no moon-
    weather clear- good visibility

                                                                              
 2583d Base Sv Sq
 Name and address of OBSERVER Orlando, Fla. Barracks 2717
                                 Air Policeman
 Occupation and hobbies: Baseball and reading mysteries

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer
(Check neighbors, police dpty., FBI records, employer, etc.):

 Observer is approximately 24 years of age, has had 3 yrs military service
 and has been stationed at OAFB since Oct 1943. Described as a good soldier by
 superiors and follow Air Policemen. No criminal record.

                                           UNCLASSIFIED

 Did observer wear glasses, especially colored glasses at time of sighting,
 or use object viewed through window, windshield, or other transparent material?

 Observer did not wear glasses, and is not color blind. Object was not viewed
 through any material.
                                                              [CENSORED TEXT]
```

- page 36 -

The image presented is a typewritten page from an old document related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book. It includes a rough sketch of a saucer-shaped object with a dome on top. Below is the OCR extracted text from the document:

---

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

1. Date of Observation 2/1/49 Date of Interview 2/2/49

2. Exact time of observation (local) 20/30

3. Place of Observation: Orlando Air Base-Orlando Florida
(Map Coordinates) 

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg. location of - giv details

5. What attracted attention to object:

6. Number of objects and sketch of Formation or grouping: One (1)

7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or
fist at arms length).

8. Color of object: Not described

9. Shape (give graphic description compare with known object).

10. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
25° - 45°

11. Direction from observer (angle clockwise from North).

12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., over which
object appeared to be): ______ ______. Estimated distance from the
observer ______. ______.

13. Direction of Flight of object (s): ______ ______.

14. Time in sight: 30 - 45 seconds.

15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Estimated at 2 to 3 seconds miles,
making speed ______. ______.

16. Sound and odor: None.

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.) and other details

Exhibit "B".

---

Please note that not all lines were fully completed within the document; hence, the OCR text reflects several blank spaces.

- page 37 -

The image provided is a page from an old document with typed text. There is no photograph present on this page. Below is the text output from the document:

```
MODEL NO. 2503
1. Date of Observation __31 Jan 49__ Date of Interview __2 Feb 49__
2. Exact time (local) 0200
3. Place of Observation Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando, Florida
4. Position of observer Ground
5. Fact attracted attention to object __ Remarks of Sgt. Osteen
6. Number of objects One
7. Apparent size Size of Jeep wheel without a tire.
8. Color of object Bluish Green
9. Shape Round
10. Altitude Approx 45°
11. Direction from observer 315°
12. Distance from observer Approx. 500'
13. Direction of flight of object(s) South South/West
14. Time in sight Approx one to one and one half minutes
15. Speed Approx 100 MPH, based on speed of Aircraft's in flight seen in
    vicinity of OAFB
16. Sound and odor none
17. Trail none
18. Luminosity very dull
19. Projections none
20. Maneuvers slight decent
21. Manner of disappearance Like a light turned off
22. Effect on clouds no clouds
23. Additional information concerning object _____________
    _______________________________________________________________________
    xuxuxuxexpxexrxixextxtixvxxtxiixxtxtx Looked like a bluish green light bulb.
24. Weather conditions Start out - no moon- Weather clear-good visibility.
(over)
```

- page 38 -

There is no photograph in the image provided.

The text from the document is as follows:

```
FIREBALL REPORT

1949 JAN. 13-14 FIREBALL
A.M.S. No. 2351

On this date at 5:20 p.m., E.S.T., a bright fireball was observed by 7 persons who reported, one living in New York, one in New Jersey, and 5 in Pennsylvania. Two gave complete reports, one fairly complete, two were more or less reference points, one was quite incomplete. Thanks mostly to Z. A. Hill, then at Princeton, N.J., Co., Pa., who saw the object full vertically, a fair solution was derived. The object seems to have broken over Philadelphia and all the material was carried off below Philadelphia. Org. N.J. was 5o E., New Jersey green, he did not have a long enduring train and its duration was 4±2 seconds (no observer). Two initial data follow so orbit is computed due to uncertainty in altitude of the radiant.

Date 1949 Jan. 13-14 G.M.T.
Brilliant end point 75° 27' 20", 39° 47' 48" at 107±5 km
                                             39° 40', 74° 01' at 76 ± 4 km
                                             40° 10', 74° 29' at 365 ± 4 km
Distance                            362 km
Red line bearing            72° 7o true???
Zenith correction, blue 5° ± 2° 5', h = 3.0°
                                          Azimuth observed 6 = 112° 7, ζ = 7° 45'
```

Please note that due to the quality of the scan and the age of the document, there may be slight inaccuracies or omissions in the reproduction of the text.

- page 39 -

The image contains no photographs. Here is the text from the document:

---
"Flying Saucers—There Aren't Any, AF Decides

WASHINGTON, Dec. 30—After chewing up on 35 rush orders over the holiday weekend, the Air Force has concluded there aren't any flying saucers. 
"It took just three special agents from the USAF’s air materiel command, nine top rank university consultants to track down the rumors of strange disks whizzing through the air. 
"Last night the Air Force said through military spokesmen The "investigation started by the Air Materiel Command at Wright-Patterson on June 24. 1947, has come to a definite conclusion—there is nothing and never has been, proved nor indicated. There were not the results of anything man-made, experimental devices or natural phenomena. 
"Rather, the investigation of various conventional phenomena made from -as far as the service can ascertain—the flying saucer mystery was the figment of a vivid or inexperienced imagination of those seeing them, or various conventional objects. 

Probe is Ended

AF Concludes Flying Saucer Is Just a Myth

The Air Force yesterday exploded the "flying saucer" myth. 
It said in no abusive terms, investigating disk-like objects reports and strange occurrences proved a colossal error of some optical habits established is real. When the reports on 35 rush turned conventional interpretation of things from... (text is obscured by paper damage) "The interstellar is so monstrous of the hysteria oroduced that mass hysteria see ideas."
The Air Force has said it has discovered a notable "automatic buyer" set up at Wright Field at Dayton, 0., to study the phenomena. There is no evidence the reporta are not the result of natural phenonemena. 
The statement was is issued after Truman made said in his current issue that "informed authorities" believed the saucers are interplanetary spaceships manned by half-pint civilized beings.
     
"Flying Saucers Are Interplanetary Spaceships, Says 

Stearman Says Saucers Are Interplanetary Spaceships

NEW YORK, Dec, 27—(HTNS)—Emery Tittel, syndicated Skygazing columnist, declared flatly tody that "flying saucers" are devices piloted by unknown inhabitants to penetrate a formidable "blind" in cosmic radiations which baffles earthbound moonwatchers. 

He made his announcement on Long Island just before Dr. Craig Hunter Stedman stated flatly that his study is of the "metaphysical." Assistant Editor of Flying, Otto Binder (A) said USAF personnel flatly that the saucers are religious in particle by the perfected theory has able. (text is obscured by paper damage)
What would otherwise be possible, I'd put flatfoot this, how would The Air Force Magazine Carry. The Air has been working very choicely within Defense skyline over some major kinks left on the (a few) problems they have. 
While the saucer sources most remote to go back on and the mystery quotes, all the hide a nothing there or something to these late the re- saucers are to interpretation by the viewers ?"


 FLYING SAUCERS STUDY !? WHAT IS A FLYING SAUCERS?

 BASING ITS conclusions on an original investigation by John D. Kraus, a former Navy flyer and former official of the Department of Commerce at its Aeronautics branch. There seems to be that "considered conclusive that the 
"One"—"Flying saucers are real."
"Two"—The systematic chase even under private Earth job range observations from other planets are shown by "Flying, The Flying Saucers that has less 175 years Earth's atmosphere by the to the obtain - The What Was These temporary retaliatory "things" developed. That they - solar cycle, in mid-century, readings have found no real "flying saucers." 

"Two"—The research squad put that investigation "have shoved off the shore and retrieve" — limited time capsule.

* * *
Flying Saucer Report Denied In Kentucky
More flying saucers.
Last minute Command (AJDC) officials last night of the US flew surveillance reports They would disclose details "suddenly and an Air Force-Sponsored The Wright-Paterson, spokesman Flying Island has taken in. 
A spokesman for the base Wright-Patterson. Air Force has announced. 
The AJDC position that no denied instead of more tapes clear when (A) last summer that a ten meter 
Air Force base. Louisville, Ky. .

According to the report of the Observer at radome (A radar 1515 p. m.) opulent sight of a "discharged their array stored in glove harder than any star," at an altitude of about 700 feet.
However, the Fort Knox belief first sight the object had "later enough holes of reported -tele-nicely" Later identified as Venus, which is undoubtedly bright now. 
The Fort Knox office attributed the weather report to an "unusually brilliant observation," the official said to have seen (A) At AEC incident said similar reports had been received yesterday from North Virginia.

* * *

Those Flying Saucers! Somebody in His Caps! 

It seemed to more than The... 

WASHINGTON, Dec. 27—The U.S. Air Force continued today one the same time of "flying saucer story" range that there were flying saucers lights and other United States Activity. Which, noticing, they may see strange brighter burning predominance through the skies and still keep correctly.
The Air Force used in "Flying Saucer Phenomena" tests of the reports that the unique statement stand up of interest, cosmic array. The reported unexplained phenomena equality of materials were reported, says that polarization.
A relief of acres of mass hysteria (A) Mills (name of magazine, likely cut off in image).

--- 

Please note that the image shows signs of damage and wear, and some words are obscured or incomplete due to paper damage, making full transcription difficult and potentially containing errors.

- page 40 -

There are no photographs present on this page. Here is the text output from the document:

```
[PAGE TOP]
1 - 29 FEBRUARY SIGHTINGS

DATE              LOCATION                                        OBSERVER                              EVALUATION

5                 South Parkersburg, West Virginia                Astro (METEOR)
6                 12-30N x 75-10W (Caribbean)                     Balloon
7                 Dayton AFB, Kentucky                            Multiple                              Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
10                Columbus, Ohio                                  Military                              Astro (METEOR)
11                Caribou Taab, Newfoundland                      (EMSCO'S)                             Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
14                Santa Canada Mission, Arizona                   Military                              INSUFFICIENT DATA
17                Albuquerque, New Mexico                         Civilian                              Aicraft
17                Sandia Base, New Mexico                         Military                              Astro (METEOR)
17                Goose Bay, Labrador (CASE MISSING)              Civilian
23                Mather's Pass, California                       Military                              Other (MIRAGE)
25                Little Rock, Arkansas                           Weather                               Balloon
27                Los Alamos, New Mexico (CASE MISSING)           Military
28                Chicago, Illinois                               Military                              Astro (METEOR)

                                ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE              LOCATION                                        SOURCES                              OBSERVER

1 - 28 FEB
```

The text is from a table summarizing UFO sightings along with the evaluation of what was observed, as reported during the time frame of 1 to 29 February. There are typographical issues likely due to the age and quality of the scanned document.

- page 41 -

The image you provided does not contain any photographs. It is a page from a document, and I can provide the text as an OCR system would. Here is the text output from the document:

---

CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED
Page 2 24-3
Guide to Investigation___ Incident No. xxxx-xx-xx
UNCLASSIFIED 

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc) none

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other degree of
brilliance); a dull mass with a bright center

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.); none

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dips, etc - sketch of flight path);
￼
            SIDE VIEW                                     TOP VIEW
            /_________________/                          N
                                                        S

21. Manner of disappearance: disappeared from view while still in mid air
(did not appear to go over horizon)

22. Effect on clouds: no clouds

23. Additional information concerning object: Object did not appear to
have any substance, appeared to be similar to the spot of a searchlight
without the normal beam

24. Time weather conditions and light at time of sighting: no moon-stars out-
clear and good visibility

Name and address of observer: 253rd 
Base Sn Sqdn OAFB, Orlando, Fla. –Barracks 2717
Occupation and hobbies! Soldier, present assignment - Sgt of the Guard,
Base Provost Marshall's Office, OAFB, - Hunting and citrus growing
 
Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer
(Character of neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employer, etc.);
Observer has been with the MP's at OAFB, since April 1943 and has a good
reputation and is considered reliable. Observer has had previous military
service from June 1933 to September 1945. From 1945 to 1943, Observer was
Deputy Sheriff of Indian River County, Florida.

Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at the time of sighting: ____
If the object showed large canopy, window, of other transparent material: ____
Object was not viewed through any material. Observer did not need does
not wear glasses but possessed to be slightly color- blind. ___

[REST OF PAGE NOT VISIBLE IN THE IMAGE]
UNCLASSIFIED

--- 

I have provided the text as visible on the page. The parts of the page that are cut off or obscured have been marked with an ellipsis or with a blank line.

- page 42 -

There is no photograph displayed on the provided document page. The text of the document reads as follows:

```
FLYING DISC __o_ 2503
1. Date of Observation: 31 Jan 49 ______ Date of Interview: 24 Feb 49 ______
2. Exact time (local) 0155
3. Place of Observation: Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando, Florida,
4. Position of observer: Ground
5. What attracted attention to object i e – Appearance like falling Star,
6. Number of objects: One
7. Apparent size: Approx. size of auto wheel
8. Color of subject: Bluish Green
9. Shape: Round
10. Altitude: Approx 300'
11. Direction from observer: 315°
12. Distance from observer: Approx. 300'
13. Direction of flight of object(s): South East to SouthWest
14. Length of sight: 45-60 seconds
15. Speed: Approx 150 MPR (faster than Air craft on final approach)
16. Sound and odor: none
17. Trail: none
18. Luminosity: a dull mass with a bright center
19. ..................███████████████████████████████
20. ..................███████████████████████████████
21. ..................Object appeared to fly in an arc to west while making a 
    slight descent then leveled off.
    observer discontinuance: Disappeared in mid air, did not appear to 
    go over horizon
    effect on clouds: no clouds
22. Atmospheric condition occurrence: object did not appear to have 
    any substance, appeared to be similar to the spot of a searchlight without 
    the normal beam.
   Weather conditions: 
   No moon or stars out, Clear. and good visibility.
```

- page 43 -

There are no photographs present in the image you provided. It is a text document. Below is the text extracted from the image:

---

Page 2 Incident: 2503

Name and address of observer: 2533rd Base Serv. Sqd
                                                      OAFB, Orlando, Florida (Barracks 2717)
Occupation and hobbies: Sgt of the Guard, Base Provost Marshall's Office 

Comments of Interpreter relative to intelligence and character of
                                                                                    observer(s): Good reputation and is considered reliable. Former Deputy Sheriff.

Observer professed to being slightly color blind.

On 31 Jan. 1949 ---------------, 2533rd Base Service Sqd.,
Orlando AFB, Orlando Florida, was interviewed. -------------- stated that he was 
Sergeant of the Guard on the morning of 31 Jan 1949, at 0155 hours, while 
standing just north of building T-2704, Orlando AFB, Orlando, Florida. Air-
craft parking light shined both in the sky which looked to him like an exploding 
light about to crash and then like a falling star. This object was approximately 
the size of an automobile wheel, bluish-green in color, round and appeared to be
approximately 300 above the horizon. When first sighted, the object looked like
it was about 100 above the horizon and over a point approximately 500 feet from
----------------- in a direction of approximately 315°. The line of flight of this 
object was from Southeast to Southwest in the form of a curve and was observed
for a period of from 30 to 40 seconds. --------------- approximated the speed of 
this object at 150 mph, based on the speed of aircraft he had observed in flight.
There was no sound, odor, trail or projection in or around this object. It
appeared to be a dull mass, with a bright center and while in flight traveled on 
a level plane, then dipped and leveled off again finally disappeared while in 
mid-air. There were no clouds in the sky, no moon, stars were out and the
weather was clear with good visibility, This object appeared to be without
substance and was described by --------------- as similar to the spot of a search-
light without the normal beam. This object was viewed through clear space and 
observer did not and does not wear glasses, but did profess to be slightly 
color-blind.

---

(Note: Per your instructions, redactions have been maintained where the original text was censored or obscured.)

- page 44 -

There are no photographs present in the image. Below is the text contained in the document:

Page 3
Guide to Investigation __________ Incident No. ______

16. Luminosity (visible by reflection, translucence, other - degree of brilliance) VISIBLE

19. Projections (fins, wings, radio, antennas, canopies, etc.)

20. Manuevers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. - sketch of flight path.) 
ST LINE FLIGHT

21. Manner of disappearance, BACK TO FINE MIST OR INTENSIVE CLOUD FORMATION

22. Effects on clouds NO CLOUDS,

23. Additional information concerning objects 
CHECK UP HISTORY- REPORTED SOON ORLANDO MORNING 

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sightings 
CLEAR VISIBILITY

Name and address of observers: COMMUNICATION REV. PORT., TAMPA, FLA
Occupation and hobbies: NONE

Comments of Interrogator relating to intelligence and character of observer
(Check neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employers, etc.)
(d) Check of collateral vessels that LACK OF RISE - substantially 
____________ in his duties; is very reluctant 
____________ tell communications. The civilian telephone 
____________ did speak in Tallahassee. 
Did observer wear glasses, specifically bifocal glasses at time of sighting or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material?
NO GLASSES; ON DUTY; Scheduled in for LAND DOWNEY & 
officers, Rouse & Wright

- page 45 -

There is no photograph present in the image you have provided. Here is the text as an OCR output:

```
GOVER^  2583 Ease S IQ, GUIDE TO INVESTIGATIONS
OAFB, Orlando, Fla. UNCL^

                                  UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS                         Incident No. 24-3

1.   Date of Observation____31.Jan.49______Date of Interview____24.Feb.49______

2.   Exact time of observation (local) 0150____

3.   Place of Observation: See Exhibit i
     (map Coordinates) 

4.   Position of Observer (air, car, bldg, location of - giving details
     Outdoors, North of Bldg. No. T 2704, OAFB, Orlando, Fla.

5.   What attracted attention to object? Comment by Sgt O'Steen

6.   Number of objects and sise of formation or grouping; 1

7.   Apparent size (compares to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or
     fist at arm's length): Size of a fist at arm's length

8.   Color of object blueish-green

9.   Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object):
     Saucer shape

10.   Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - ° Dr at horizon, 90° overhead);
     Approximately 40°

11.   Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from North) approx. 315°

12.   Distance From Observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., over which 
     object appeared to be ): Approximately 800 Ft (See Exhibit i)

13.   Direction of flight of object(s) South to Southwest

14. Time in sight; approximately 20 seconds

15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance); approximate speed of
     aircraft approaching to land at Orlando Airfield

16,   Sound and odor: none

[REDACTED STAMP]

[EXHIBIT III BARCODE]
```

Please note the OCR function has done its best to reproduce the text accurately, including reproducing typographical errors and crossed out or obliterated portions where discernible.

- page 46 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. 

Here is the text reproduced from the document:

---
Page 2 Incident no. 24-3
Guide to Investigation

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc) none

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of
brilliance) Looked like a luminous dot

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.) none

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc - sketch of flight path):

Side view                  S
                         _____________________
                        /                                  \
                       /                                    \
                      /                                      \
Side view             N                                     S
                        ____________________
                       /                                   \
                      /                                     \
                     /                                       \

Top view


21. Manner of disappearance went out like light switched off

22. Effect on clouds no clouds

23. Additional information concerning object: Object appeared to be without
substance. While in sight it appeared to be going on and off and at one time
appeared to go behind an object. There was no air traffic in the sky at that
time.

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: no moon-stars out-
clear - good visibility

Name and address of observer: 
Sqd.n. OAFB, Orlando, Fla.                               Orlando, Fla.
Occupation and hobbies: Provost Sgt., Base Provost Marshal's Office, OAFB,
Orlando, Fla. Photography and Fishing

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer
(Chock neighbors, police depth., FBI records, employers, etc.)

Observer was formerly an enlisted investigator with the Base PM, OAFB.
He has approximately 6 years military service and has been stationed at
OAFB since August 1943. Regarded as reliably by superiors and fellow
MP's.

Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of sighting,
or has object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material?

Observer did not wear glasses and viewed the object from outdoors.

EXHIBIT III
---

- page 47 -

The image provided is a typewritten document. There is no photograph present on this page. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
FLYING DISC INFORMATION
FILE NO. 2500

1. Date of Observation. 31 Jan 49         Date of Interview 24 Feb 49
2. Exact time (local) 0150
3. Place of Observation Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando Florida
4. Position of observer Ground
5. What attracted attention to object & - S/Sgt Ostean
6. Number of objects one
7. Apparent size Size of a fist at arms length
8. Color of object Bluish Green
9. Shape Saucer shape
10. Altitude Approx 400
11. Direction from observer 315°
12. Distance from observer Approx 600'
13. Direction of flight of object(s) South to Southwest
14. Time in sight Approx 20 seconds
15. Speed Approx. speed of Aircraft approaching to land at Orlando AFB
16. Sound and/or none
17. Trail none
18. Luminosity Looked like a luminous dot
19. Projections none
20. Maneuvers Slight Arc to west, but level flight path
21. Manner of disappearance went out like light switch turned off.
22. Effect on clouds no clouds
23. Additional Information concerning object: Object appeared to be without
substance, appeared to be going on and off and at one time appeared to go
behind other aircraft. There was no air traffic in the sky at the time,
No moon or stars out, Clear good visibility,
```

Please note that the typewritten text has some spacing irregularities, which have been maintained in the transcription.

- page 48 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a typed document with some words censored by black redaction marks. Below is the text transcribed from the document as if being read by an OCR system:

Incident: -250C

2533rd Base Sarrv.Sqd.
Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando Florida.
Name and Address of obsevrv:
Occupation and hobbies: Provost Sgt.

Concerns of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of
Observer was formerly an investigator with Base Provost Marshall
regarded as reliable by superiors and fellow M.P.s

On 31 Jan 49, ******, with 2533rd Provost Marshall
Base Service Sqdn. Orlando AFB, Orlando, Florida, was interviewed, He stated
that on the morning of 31 Jan 49 he was on duty with the Base Guard as an Enlisted
Investigator. At 0150 hours while standing on the ground just North of Bldg. T-2704,
Orlando AFB, Orlando, Florida, ****** remarked that there was a falling star.
****** motioned a blue-green, saucer-shaped object approximately the size of a fist
at arm's length, which appeared to be over a point about 600 feet from him, and
approximately 40° above the horizon. This object was first sighted at a position approx.
315° from observer travelling in a South to Southwest direction and was viewed from for
approximately 20 seconds. ****** estimated the speed of the object as equiv-
alent to the speed of an aircraft approaching to land at Orlando Air Field. This ob-
ject had no sound, odor, trail or projections and looked like a luminous dot in the
sky, The object appeared to be without substance and while in sight seemed to be
going on and off and at one time apparently went behind another object.
It finally disappeared like a light switched off. There was no moon or clouds, the
stars were out and the weather clear with good visibility. There was no air traffic
in the sky at that time. ****** did not wear glasses and viewed the object from
outdoors.

- page 49 -

There are no photographs present within the visible portion of this document page.

Text Output:

---
OBSERVER:
CARS, Orlando, Fla.

G-1 C 11 7' 1G-n

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

Incident No. 24-* 3

1. Date of Observation __31 Jan 49__ Date of Interview __24 Feb 49__

2. Exact time of observation (local) _0150

3. Place of Observation:
(Map Coordinates) See Exhibit I

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details:
Outdoors, North of Bldg T-27-04, OAFB, Orlando, Fla.

5. What attracted attention to object: Comment by Sgt. O'Steen

6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping: 1

7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i. e., sun, moon, thumb or
fist at arms length): Size of an automobile wheel

8. Color of object: green--with deeper shades toward center

9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object): Round

10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
Approx. 20°

11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from North): Approx. 300°

12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., over which
object appeared to be): Approx. 800 Ft. (See Exhibit I)

13. Direction of flight of object (s): South

14. Time in sight: Approximately 30 seconds

15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Approximate speed of aircraft
in flight

16. Sound and odor: none

DOWNGRADED AT 3-YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

EXHIBIT IV

---

- page 50 -

The image contains a scanned page from a document with text, and there's a black mark at the top of the page that may be redaction or a mark from the scanning process. There are no photographs.

Here is the text from the document:

```
Page 2
Guide to Investigation
17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.) none

UNCLASS*-

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of 
brilliance): 
Looked like a glass with a light behind it and color appeared to be
phosphorescent

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.): none

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc - sketch of flight path):

21. Manner of disappearance: disappeared behind trees which were in line of sight

22. Effect on clouds: no clouds

23. Additional information concerning object: While behind line of trees, object 
appeared to go out like a light turned off.

24. Weather condition and light at time of sighting; no moon-stars out-
weather clear - good visibility. Observer did have some glare from flood-
lights from prison stockade located North of Bldg T-2074 OAFB, Orlando, Fla.

Name and address of observer: -------------------------- 25836 Base Sv Sq
OAFB, Orlando, Fla. Barracks 2717
Occupation and hobbies: Air Policeman

Boxing and Wrestling

----------------------------------------UNCLASSIFIED----------

Comm* * * Interpretation relative to intelligence and character of observer
(Check neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employer, etc.):
Observer is approximately 19 years of age and has approximately 9 months
military service. He was previously discharged in Nov 46 from basic training
for minority. Inquiries among fellow soldiers disclosed that Illees enjoys a
good reputation and is regarded as a reliable soldier.

----------------------------------------UNCLASSIFIED----------

Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of sighting;
or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material

Observer did not wear glasses; he is not color-blind. Object was not viewed
through a window or any material-*-
```

- page 51 -

The image provided appears to be a scanned document page with text only; there is no photograph present. Here is the text as an OCR system would output:

```
FILE NO. 250 D

1. Date of Observation  31 Jan 49     Date of Interview  24 Feb 49____
2. Exact time (local)   0150
3. Place of Observation Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando, Florida
4. Facility of observer Ground
5. What attracted attention to object = Sgts. Ostseen
6. Number of objects One
7. Apparent size  Size of an Automobile wheel.
8. Color of object Green with deeper shades toward the center
9. Shape  Round
10. Altitude  Approx 200°
11. Direction from observer 300°
12. Distance from observer Approx 800'
13. Direction of flight of object(s) South
14. Time in sight  Approx 30 seconds
15. Speed  Approx speed of Aircraft in flight
16. Sound and Odor  none
17. Trail  none
18. Luminosity  Looked like a glass with a light behind it and color appeared
   to be phosphorescent.
19. Projections  none
20. Aerovwene slight climb
21. Manner of disappearance  disappeared behind trees in line of sight
22. Effect on clouds  no clouds
23. Additional information concerning object; While behind trees object appeared
    to give off like a light turned off.
24. Weather conditions  No moon-stars out, Weather clear, Good visibility,
    Observer did some glare from prison showcasing flood lights.
```

Please note that the optical character recognition process may not be 100% accurate, and there might be mistakes in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for verification.

- page 52 -

The image provided is a scanned page from a document, and there are no photographs within this image. However, I will transcribe the text from the document as if acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

```
Page 2 Incident: ___250 D____

Name and date of observer: ___553rd Base Service Sqd.

Location and Method: Orlando, Air Force Base, Orlando Florida

Air Policeman

Comments re Interrogation relative to intelligence and character of
observer(s):
Hines is a good soldier and enjoys good reputation.
                                                    On 2th Feb 49
                                            A/1c ___ Hines, Orlando Air Force Base,___ AFB,
Orlando Fla. stated that he was Tower Guard at the Stockade, Orlando AFB, Orlando Fla.
on the morning of 31 Jan 49 and that at approximately 0150 hours the Sergeant
of the Guard ____ called his attention to an object in the sky.___was
standing on the ground near the front gate of the stockade which is located just
north of Bldg. T-2704, Orlando AFB, when he saw an object in the sky the approx.
size of an automobile wheel. This object was round, and green in color with
deeper shades of green toward its center. It appeared to be about 200' above
the horizon and first appeared at a position about 3000 from Hines, over a
point approximately 500 feet from where he was standing, This object was in
____ sight for approximately 30 seconds and was headed in a Southerly direction
at about the speed of an aircraft in flight. There was no sound, odor or
projections to the object and it left no trail behind it. Hines stated that
____ looked like a glass with a light behind it, and the color appeared to be
phosphorescent. The flight path of this object was level at first and then it
started a gradual climb until it disappeared. Hines
___stated that, while it was being observed, the light in the object appeared to
go out like a light turned off. During the period of observation, Hines stated
that there was no moon, the stars were out and the weather clear with good
visibility. However_____ stated that he did have some glare from the flood-
lights of the stockade nearby.____did not wear glasses, is not color-
blinded and viewed the object through clear air.
```

Please note that there are some redactions and illegible words in the document, which I have indicated with underscores (___).

- page 53 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a text document. Here is the transcribed text:

---
OBSERVER

2553d Basic Sv Sqdn                                                               UNCASSIFIED
OAFB, Orlando, Fla.                              G.I.                   INCIDENT NO. 24-3

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

1. Date of Observation: 31 Jan 49                 Date of Interview    24 Feb 49

2. Exact time of Observation (local)         Approximately 0200

3. Place of Observation:
    (Map Coordinates)                            See Exhibit I

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, loaction of - give details:
    Outdoors, North of Bldg 7-274, OAFB, Orlando, Fla.

5. What attracted attention to object: Remarks of Sgt OSteen

6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping: 1

7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or  
    fist, at arms length): size of a Jeep Wheel without a tire

8.  Color of object: Bluish-green

9.  Shape (Give graphic description - compare with known object):
    Round

10. Altitude (Angle & elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
    Approx. 45°

11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from North): 315°

12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., over which
    object appeared to be): Approx. 800 Ft. (See Exhibit I)

13. Direction of flight of object(s): South Southwest

14. Time in sight: Approx. 1 to 1½ minutes

15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Approx. 100 MPH (Based on
    speed of aircraft in flight seen in the vicinity of OAFB)

16. Sound and odor: none

                                                          UNCLASSIFIED

                                                            EXHIBIT I

---

- page 54 -

The image contains a page with typed text. There are no photographs present on the document. Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
Page 2 Incident No. 24-43
Guide to Investigation UNCLASSIFIED

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistance, etc.) none

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other – degree of
    brilliance): 
very dull

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.): none

20. Manuevers (turns, climbs, dives, etc – sketch of flight path):

21. Manner of disapearance: like a light turned off

22. Effect on clouds: none

23. Additional information concerning object: looked like a bluish-green 
    light bulb

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: stars out-no moon- 
    weather clear- good visibility

Name and address of observer---------------- 25836 Base Sv Sq
                                        OAFB, Orlando, Fla. Barracks 2717
Occupation and hobbies: Air Policeman
                        Baseball and reading mysteries

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer
(Check neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employer, etc.):

Observer is approximately 24 years of age, has had 3 yrs military service
and has been stationed at OAFB since Oct 1948. Described as a good soldier by
superiors and fellow Air Policemen. No criminal record.

                                              UNCLASSIFIED

Did observer wear glasses, especially colored glasses at time of sighting,
or was object viewed through glassed window, in other transparent material?
Observer did not wear glasses and is not color blind. Object was not viewed
through any material.
```

- page 55 -

The image appears to be a photocopied page from an old document. There is a sketch at the top left corner of the page which seems to resemble a typical "flying saucer" UFO with a domed top and a disk-like body.

As for the text, here is the OCR output of the document:

```
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

Incident No. ____________

1. Date of Observation 2/1/49 Date of Interview 4/6/49/49

2. Exact time of observation (local). 20/1300

3. Place of Observation: Vicinity of Orlando AFB, Fla.
   (Map Coordinates) _________________________________

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg. location of - give details:
   __________________________________________________________

5. What attracted attention to object: ___________________________

6. Number of objects and sketch of Formation of grouping: One (1)

7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or
   fist at arm's length). 20-23' diam _________ft. thick

8. Color of object: Duck-egg-blueco 
   (also describe luminosity, compare with known object). 

9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object):
   __________________________________________________________

10. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead):
    45°/50°

11. Direction from observer (angle clockwise from North): West 270°

12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, blds, etc., over which
    object appeared to be): (Distance in feet, indicated if known or
____________ ft. estimate the distance if unknown distance.

13. Direction of Flight of object (s); Eastern direction, & Ascending.

14. Time in sight: 30-45/Minute.

15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Estimated at 2000-3000 m.p.h.
    Could have covered what appeared to be 40-50 miles.

16. Sound and odor: None.

17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.) and other details:
    _________________________________________________________________________
```

Please note that some parts of the text are incomplete, represented by underscores or blanks, where the typewritten text from the original document is not fully readable or clear.

- page 56 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph; instead, it is a scanned page of a text document. Below is the OCR text output from the document:

```
INDEX NO. 2503

1. Date of Observation __31 Jan 49_____ Date of Interview ___31 Jan 49_____
2. Exact time (local)                 0200
3. Place of Observation    Orlando Air Force Base, Orlando, Florida
4. Position of observer     Ground
5. Fact attracted attention to object _ Remarks of Sgt. Casteen_
6. Number of objects                   One
7. Apparent size  Size of Jeep wheel without a tire.
8. Color of object  Bluish Green
9. Shape                        Round
10. Altitude      Approx 45°
11. Direction from observer  315°
12. Distance from observer Approx. 800'
13. Direction of flight of Object(s), South SouthWest
14. Time in sight     Approx one to one and one half minutes
15. Speed  Approx 100 MPH, based on speed of Aircraft's in flight seen in 
    vicinity of OAFB
16. Sound and odor   none
17. Trail   none
18. Luminosity   very dull
19. Projections   none
20. Maneuvers  slight descent
21. Manner of disappearance Like a light turned off
22. Effect on clouds   no clouds
23. Additional information concerning object Unlegible Unlegible
                                        Looked like a bluish green light bulb.
24. Weather conditions Starts out - no moon- Weather clear-good visibility.
```

It's important to note that due to the quality of the scan and some text being illegible, parts of the text might not be accurately transcribed.

- page 57 -

The image provided is a scanned document page. There are no photographs within this image. Below is the text content extracted from the document:

---

Project No. 10073 - NY 1949, # 6792429
HEAOQUARTERS A, Y, D, S.

1949 JAN. 1-4+ FIREBALL
A.M/S No. 2351

On this date at 5:30 p.m. E.S.T., a fireball was observed by 7 persons who reported, one living in New York, one in New Jersey, and 5 in Pennsylvania. Two gave complete reports, one fairly complete, two stated house or reference point, one was quite incomplete. Thanks mainly to R. A. Hill, then at Princeton Univ. Co., Pa., who saw the object fall vertically, a fair solution was obtained. The object seems to have begun over Wabashie indy and its terminus was near G, W. New Bethlehem, Pa. N.W. corner of Coudersport figree did not have a long enduring train and its duration was 42 sec. (one observer). Two until data follow; no orbit is computed due to uncertainty in sightings of the finder.

Date 1949 Jan. 13th, GMT.
Brilliant fireball end point A - 77-24', φ 84°44'8" at 107' 55' 1cm
Δ - 75° 19', φ 91° 45' 45" 4 km
------------------ Angle from 263° (f),
302 km
725 ton/mile
Radiant Unobserved ... ???
Zenith correction plumbbob ... m =2°, m =0°
Azim. adjusted ... m =214°, m = +4°

---

Please note that due to the quality of the scanned image and the nature of aged documents, the text might have been transcribed with minor inaccuracies.

- page 58 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page with various text articles. Here is the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) produced output of all the text found in the document:

---
"Flying Saucers"--There Aren't Any, AF Decides

WASHINGTON, Dec. 30-- After weekend up on 335 high-flying saucers and various rumors over the Big Four talks, the Air Force has concluded that there aren't any "flying saucers."

The fact the USAF's special staff from Washington, our radar and help from university consultants to track down the results of strange skies whizzing through the air.

Last night the Air Force said "Project Flying Saucer" The formation started by the Air 

Material Command at Wright- Patterson A. F. Base, Ohio, on June 20, 1947, has been ordered closed down. 

There is nothing "flying saucer" reports were not the results of actual phenomena.

There "indisputed period evidence to indicate... the existence of a modius conventional system or make new forms of major portions of the flying saucers.

Certain Air Force define the 'flying conventional objects'  to use high unusual flyers and bodies such as fish or reflections with illusions.

PRIMARY EFFECT of last night's Air Force announcement is to remove a stepping pad in the U.F.O. story. The magazine had previously hinted at secret and had identified "flying saucer" believed that Project The Air for 

ahem... The Air Force said there are other explanations and that, to the interplanetary is probable The Air Force last spring 

shut to shut down the flying saucer rumors With a quiet but and disavowal of rumor denial hinted discussions. It were would have been the had thenitors to have to plenty of visitors even- likely to arrive from other planets on space ships, the James ship visitors.

Included the possibility of the existence of men even on Mars. Even if men were there, the relatively less plane of the USAF divulged that they were "A" uneconomically established there were able to build space ships.

---

Magazines Say: 
Saucers Are 
Interplanetary

NEW YORK, Dec. 23--(HTNS)--Two established monthly magazines today declared that "flying saucers" are devices piloting "non-human" human by spacemen who flew from "Celestial Earth more advanced than our own.

In updating "flying saucers are not there a centre of high... mercury cast." Great that it started at high intu- and landed that lack. An authority IAFFE (Air Project, based on today. ) The monthlies said that the Air Force personnel fatigue is the saucers the explanation and there are certain people powers would, "what would this be possible." 

The Air Force Magazine (Army, and has been declaring they would whir before anyone can. The monthly magazine said over the few "flying saucers.

WHITE PROBABLE have the most remote belief in the saucers, or were, but there is nothing new- shattering to indicate that the saucers are a interplanetary visitors?"

BAKING ITS conclusion on an original investigation by John Philip Bessor, a former Navy flyer and former official of the Department of Commerce are in- resources branch, True said it has come to the "considered conclu- ing" that: "Flying saucers a real."

TWO—The planets are close enough, under systematic solar system examination from *which, interior range again are they of "flying. The planets" known that last 175 years. *JUPITER—Has the basis to the Earth's atmosphere by the in- temporary visibility, value, the desired matter "tracking" has far as "no." 

FOUNTY—The persons quoted on the records by saucer" found that sometimes "have" the gained invention are secret defense uses and conserve an claims to prove.

Probe In Ended
ATF Concludes
Flying Saucer
Is Just a Myth

The Air Force yesterday exploded the "flying saucer" myth.

It said the "extensive examination and sincere close to the study, investigating like-six serious reports just strange of episodes of served about a dozen countries gives have established there is no such thing. 

The reports, it said, turned the "non-interpretable of various conventional conceptions of mistakes." The illustrated idea that it has mass hysteria or psychosis," of the Air spread "a term project saucer" set up at Wright Field at Dayton, O., to end the reports "there is no steady phenomena are not the result of natural phenomena."

The state was said in true: The make and its items attend the "informed authority" issued that "saucers are interplanetary spaceships manned half-pint evilised beings.

"Flying Saucer
Report Denied
In Kentucky

More flying saucers."

Lar ten continues:

Air Material Command (AMC) officials said last night they would investigate reports of the Tennessee, despite the "statement of the Air Force, detailed recently in Wright Patterson, proclaiming the whole a hoax.

A spokesman for the Wright ing forces AMB—The base model had a U.F.O. had position there when denied the AMC report that a new investigation of saucers claims claim.

Air Force Base, Louisville, Ky. 

According to the report caught over at London, [red part: 6:15 p. m.]

The object sighted a "disc- shaped, silvery glow with a glow harder than any star," an altitude of about 750 feet.

However, the Fort Knox belief that claim the object had "tele- inquest some office reported later which is identified as Venus, not new lens unofficial bright which."

The Fort Knox office attributed the weather report to an "undue" difficult object observed, 

All had been said the A.T.F. official received similar report last incident year's day from North Carolina.

Those Flying Saucers!
Somebody in His Cups!

---

Please note that this transcription contains portions that are unclear, fragmented or may not make coherent sense due to the quality and style of the text in the original document.

- page 59 -

There are no photographs present in this document image, it consists solely of text. Below is the text output as if I were an OCR system:

```
1 - 28 FEBRUARY SIGHTINGS

DATE       LOCATION                        OBSERVER          EVALUATION
 5 South Parkersburg, West Virginia       Astro (MIRROR)
12 10:25 A - 13:10W (Caribbean)          Naval              Balloon
10 Dayton, Ohio, Kentucky                 Multiple          Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
17 Columbus, Ohio                         Military          Astro (MIRROR)
11 Carling Base, Newfoundland             (PHOTOS)          Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
14 Santo Geraldo Mission, Arizona         Civilian          INSUFFICIENT DATA
17 Albuquerque, New Mexico                Military          AIRCRAFT
17 Sandia Base, New Mexico                Astro (MIRROR)
?7 Goose Bay, Labrador (CASE MISSING)     Civilian          (--)
23 Sandberg Pass, California              Military          Other (MIRRAGE)
25 Little Rock, Arkansas                  Weather           Balloon
27 Los Alamos, New Mexico (CASE MISSING)  Military          (--)
28 Chicago, Illinois                      Civilian          Astro (MIRROR)

       ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE     LOCATION          SOURCES             OBSERVER
1 - 28 FEB
```

The text appears to be a table from a log or report summarizing various sightings, presumably of unidentified flying objects (UFOs), as reported during February. The columns denote the date of the sighting, the location, the observer involved, and the evaluation of the sighting, which includes designations like "Astro," "Balloon," or "Aircraft." Some entries have additional notes such as "INSUFFICIENT DATA" or "CASE MISSING".

- page 60 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a textual document page. Here is the text extracted as requested:

```
Page 2 Guide to Investigation Incident No.__________

16. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of
   brilliance, etc. (Use quantitative measurements whenever possible) flu fil — L!

15. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.); Frawam  

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. - sketch of flight path): wolua.j jurl
   doa. Asema) finele)

21. Manner of disappearance; 

22. Effect on clouds 

23. Additional information concerning objects: (awal dauglnissen jindemnal gouncil
   arcoaned fasos) saanlaew arin Solia Saas Se?

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting; Cleon; inledval liahilno
   sind/aces Frequflipoj weirds, lasivess ESE.

Name and address of observer:

Occupation and hobbies:

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer
(Check neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employer, etc.): it fa tox walkemral
did observe wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of sighting
or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material?

duto
``` 

Please note that the text has some unclear parts, represented by unclear or missing characters and contextually incoherent phrases, due to the quality of the original document or the scanning process.

- page 61 -

The image displayed is of a map. As an AI, I currently do not provide text recognition services (OCR capabilities) and cannot convert the image into text. If you need assistance with the content, please describe the image or provide text, and I'd be happy to help with any questions or information you need.

- page 62 -

The image you have provided is a scanned document page and does not contain a photograph. I will proceed to output the text, acting as an OCR system.

```
St. Petersburg Times 1 February 1949
Those Things Are Back!
Disc Spotted in The Sky

"Flying Sauceritis," the epidemic which struck many
parts of the nation in 1947, came to Pinellas County again early
yesterday morning.
Radio newsmen said they saw a huge round object flying over
Safety Harbor about 1:30 a. m. are the town's rotund police
chief, H. E. Benson, and W. Grusie Wilson, a plumber.
Says Wilson:
"The large round whirling dise . . . was headed south
and appeared to be going between 100 and 500 miles an hour.
it was perfectly round and appeared to be as large as four of
the biggest Army planes.
"It ejected formed a complete circle. It threw out a strange
greenish light with white streaks on the edges."
Benson, who tips the scales at 300 pounds plus and shouldn't
know something about size, said the saucer was "as big as a
tire ring."
```

- page 63 -

