The document does not contain any photographs. Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
1. DATE · TIME GROUP          2. LOCATION                 Boise, I..aio           3 1 9
      13 May 49 13/1800Z

3. SOURCE
   Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
   SIX

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
   Less than 5 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
   Southwest

8. PHOTOS
   ❑ Yes
   ✔ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
   ❑ Yes
   ✔ No

10. CONCLUSION
     -------
     Air cr a ft

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
   Observer sighted six objects, five in a V-Formation. They
   were silver-colored, heading Southwest. They were
   moderately fast and maneuvering. They were in view for a few
   minutes.

                                  Previous editions of this form may be used.
FORM  
FTD SEP 63 0-322  (TDE) 
```

- page 1 -

The photograph shows a landscape with low horizon detail due to the document's quality. There is a distinct X mark in the center, presumably placed to indicate a location of interest related to the report. There are large areas with poor contrast which makes it hard to discern specific features, and two horizontal lines appear at the top, seemingly unrelated to the landscape.

Text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
Case file #24-26
DO #20, McChord AFB

UNCLASSIFIED

PHOTOGRAPH SHOWING THE AREA TO BE SEEN WHEN FACING NORTH FROM A POSITION APPROXIMATELY TEN MILES EAST OF CALDWELL, IDAHO, AND APPROXIMATELY THIRTEEN MILES WEST OF BOISE, IDAHO, ON U. S. HIGHWAY #20. THIS AREA WOULD BE TO THE LEFT OF AN OBSERVER TRAVELLING EAST TOWARD BOISE, IDAHO. THE x INDICATES SHAFER BUTTE. (SEE ALSO PAR. 12, THIS REPORT)

Taken by: J. E. KUTTLER, Special Agent, OSI
Date taken: 10 June 49
Camera: Ground, 4x5, type C-3
Setting: 100th sec.at F/22

UNCLASSIFIED

EXHIBIT "C"

(Note: Text may be slightly rough due to the quality and age of the document scan provided.)

- page 2 -

The photograph shows a man standing in the foreground with his face obscured for privacy. He appears to be in a sunny outdoor setting with a building and windows behind him. The image quality is quite poor, with low resolution and contrast, which makes discerning finer details difficult.

Here is the text from the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL
Case File #24-26
DO #20, McChord AFB

UNCLASSIFIED

PHOTOGRAPH OF                            LEWISTON, IDAHO
Taken by: J. E. Kuttler, Special Agent, OSI
Date taken: 1 June 49
Place taken: Lewiston, Idaho
Camera: Ground, 4x5, type C-3
Setting: 100th sec. at F/16

UNCLASSIFIED

EXHIBIT “D"
```

- page 3 -

The photograph on the document shows a person standing on a sidewalk. The person is wearing a coat and a hat and appears to be looking downward, potentially at an object in their hands. The surrounding environment includes what looks like a typical urban sidewalk with building facades, large windows, and what might be an entrance or doorway directly behind the person. There are no discernable facial features due to either the angle, the quality of the photograph, or both.

Below is the text present on the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL
Case File #24-26
DO #20, McChord AFB

UNCLASSIFIED

PHOTOGRAPH OF ..............................LEWISTON, IDAHO

Taken by: J. E. Kuttler, Special Agent, OSI
Date taken: 11 June 49
Place taken: Lewiston, Idaho
Camera: Ground, 4x5, type C-3
Setting: 100th sec. at F/16

UNCLASSIFIED

EXHIBIT "B"
```

- page 4 -

The photograph shows a person standing on a sidewalk with their back to the camera. They appear to be wearing light-colored clothing. The scene includes buildings on one side of the sidewalk and the edge of a city street. It's a black and white image, and the person's shadow is cast on the ground due to sunlight.

Here is the OCR of the text in the document:

```
UNIDENTIFIED
Case file #24-26
DO #20, McChord AFB
UNCLASSIFIED

PHOTOGRAPH OF LEWISTON, IDAHO.

Taken by: J. E. Kuttler, Special Agent, OSI
Date taken: 11 June '49
Place taken: Lewiston, Idaho
Camera: Ground, 4x5, type C-3
Setting; 100th sec. at F/16

UNCLASSIFIED

EXHIBIT "A"
```

- page 5 -

The image provided is a typewritten document and does not contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

FILE NO. DATE
5‑DP‑21‑2‑OL 1 June 1949
REPORT MADE BY
WRIT. LAB. D. JOHNSON meh
REPORT MADE AT
RO #5, W/P AFB, Dayton, Ohio
PERIOD
27 May 1949
OFFICE OF ORIGIN
DO #5, W/P AFB, Dayton, Ohio File‑21‑OL
STATUS
PENDING
CHARACTER
SPECIAL INQUIRY
REFERENCE
None, this is an initial report.
SYNOPSIS
Investigation was requested by Chief, Technical
Intelligence Division, Air Materiel Command,
Wright‑Patterson air force base, Dayton, Ohio.
Information received reflects that m......
Idaho, released information on 15 May 1949 that
sailing objects were observed near Boise, Idaho,
between 1100 and 1119 hours.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 5 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

DISTRIBUTION
ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO FILE STAMP
CG A/AC
(AICTAXS) 2 Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Hq OSI 2 Wright‑Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio
DO #20 2 ATTN: MICIAXS
File 2

APPROVED
BY: G‑ ... SEAL
THOMAS H. DOYLE, JR. 
Captain, USAF
Acting
DISTRICT COMMANDER

UNCLASSIFIED

AFCSI FORM 4
23 JULY 48
```

Note that certain parts of the document are not fully legible, such as where you can see dots indicating some missing or unclear characters.

- page 6 -

There are no photographs present in this document.

---

SD 24-21 O
UNCLASSIFIED

PROJECT "GRUDGE" (Incident -
Boise, Idaho, 13 May 1949)

DETAILS:

1. The following investigation was predicated upon receipt of
an R&R dated 23 May 1949 from W. R. CLINGPEMAIN, Colonel, USAF, Chief,
Technical Intelligence Division (ATICXAS), Headquarters, Air materiel
Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, who received
information that "flying saucers were seen in the vicinity of U.S.
Route No. 20, near Boise, Idaho, between 1100 and 1119 hours on
13 May 1949. This information was received by letter dated 13 May
1949 from

Boise, Idaho.

2. Information received indicates that while driving from Caldwell to Boise,
at 1100 hours, on 13 May 1949, observed a silvery object in the western
sky. Others in his letter that the above-mentioned object had
no more than disappeared when five (5) discs hove into sight, flying
a "V" formation, and that the above-mentioned discs were silver and
black in color further advised that after the flying objects
made two (2) let-downs, they shot upward in a southwesterly direction, 
actually changing from a "V" formation to an echelon to the left, then
made another spiral let-down, returning to a new formation.
said they made another shot upward and were lost from sight at 1119
hours.

INCLOSURES:

1. Photostatic copy of letter from to Commanding Officer,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio

FOR DO #20, McCORD AFB:

1. Guide to Investigation, Unidentified Aerial Objects

PENDING

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DON DI4R 5200.9

UNCLASSIFIED

--- 

Text has been reproduced as seen in the document, including redacted portions and any potential typographical errors.

- page 7 -

No photograph is present in the image. Now, I will perform OCR on the text in the document:

```
5D 24-21 O UNCLASSIFIED
                         
PROJECT "GRUDGE" (Incident -
Boise, Idaho, 13 May 1949)

UNDEVELOPED LEADS

DISTRICT OFFICE #20, McCHORD AFB:

AT BOISE, IDAHO

Will interview Mr. *{redacted}* Building, Boise, Idaho, and other person or persons having knowledge
of this incident or any similar incident, using the inclosed letter
for reference.

PENDING

*{text markings indicative of removed or redacted text}*

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED 

3
*{unreadable text or markings}*
```

Please note that redactions or markings in the text have been denoted with *{description of affected text}*.

- page 8 -

The image provided appears to be a blank page from a document. There are no photographs or visible text, except a very faint and partially cut off mark that might be a stamp or a header at the top-center of the page, which is not legible enough for me to accurately transcribe. 

The rest of the page is empty with no discernible content to output.

- page 9 -

The image you've provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten document. Here is the text from the image:

```
INCIDENT NO. 319

1. Date of Observation 13 May 1949 Date of Interview 11 June 1949

2. Exact Time (local) 1100 - 1119

3. Place of Observation Near Boise, Idaho

4. Position of observer Ground in auto

5. What attracted attention to object

6. Number of objects 6 (5 in V formation)

7. Apparent size Each larger than B-29

8. Color of object Silver on top, bottom black

9. Shape Half-circle, with point in center of front arc.

10. Altitude 12,000 - 14,000 ft

11. Direction from observer WNW

12. Distance from observer 18 Miles

13. Direction of flight of object(s) SW

14. Time in sight Not more than 5 minutes

15. Speed Slower than P-51

16. Sound and odor None

17. Trail

18. Luminosity Brilliant

19. Projections None

20. Maneuvers After 2 spiral let downs they shot up

21. Manner of disappearance

22. Effect on clouds 

23. Additional information concerning object

24. Weather Conditions Clear, high cirrus clouds, 2/10 cloud coverage

(over)
```

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a typewritten page from a document. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```plaintext
Page 2                                                  Incident _319______

Name and address of observor;                                                     
                                    Mr. -------- --------          
                                    c/o Lewiston Tribune                          
                                    Lewiston, Idaho
Occupation and hobbies;
                                    Newspaper reporter

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observor(s);
                                    Appeared above average intelligence and of good character



NARRATIVE SUMMARY: AT LEWISTON, IDAHO;

          On 11 June 49, ---------, Lewiston Tribune, Lewiston, Idaho,
was contacted and interviewed.  Stated that the exact time of his ob-
servation of the unidentified aerial objects was 15 May 49, approximately
between 1100 and 1115 hours, Mountain Time. The place of observation was
approximately ten miles East of Caldwell, Idaho, on U. S. Highway 20.  SMITH
stated that he was traveling by automobile, heading directly East toward
Boise, Idaho, when the objects were observed to his left in the vicinity of
Shafer Butte, as his traveling Salt Lake City-Wyoming, 45. The astronomical
as being 0󣉊 true and 026 1/2 magnetic North of Shafer Butte. Altitude of
Shafer Butte, as listed, is 7,582 feet and the distance from Highway 20 to
Shafer Butte is approximately 16 airline miles (see attached filed the phase of
observation as reported by telephonic report, page 1 supra).

          The auther stated that he was first attracted by a silvery object in
the Western sky over Shafer Butte and that this object disappeared and he
immediately appeared five other ob jobs flying in "V" formation. The objects
appeared to be in a slow spiral let-down, circling to the left. Each of the
objects appeared to be as large or larger than a B-29 aircraft. SMITH stated
that they were not small, but appeared to be larger, lumbering objects. The
ob jobs could be compared to the size of a silver dollar at a distance of
about ten miles.  The auther stated that the color of these ob jobs was
silver on top, described as being extremely brilliant and even bordering on 
a flash effect, and the bottom was black or very dull, as determined by the
fact that SMITH would almost lose sight of them when they turned in a posi-
tion showing only what he felt to be their undersides.  The auther 
ob jobs could not easily be recalled or described because of the description he would give was that they were the shape of a silver dollar cut in
half, or a half circle, with a tiny point in the center of the arc in the
front of the object.

          The auther stated that the altitude of the object sighted would be
very difficult to estimate, in that when working four dimensions one was
only guess at distances; that perhaps 12,000, 13,00 or 14,000 feet on the
altitude, with a let-down between 2,000 to 4,000 feet, as nearly as he
could estimate. He stated that the directio(s) of his observation was to his
left, in a West by Northwest direction, approximately 2:00 o'clock. When
```

The document appears to be a historical report of UFO sightings observed near Lewiston, Idaho, including descriptions of the unidentified aerial objects and the conditions under which they were seen.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from a text document, specifically a report on an investigation. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

---
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

24-26 DATE 29 June 49
REPORT MADE BY E.
REPORT MADE AT #20, McChord AFB
TITLE
PROJECT "GRUDGE" (Incident - 
Boise, Idaho, 13 May 1949)
PERIOD 9 - 12 June 1949
OFFICE OF ORIGIN #5, Wright-Patterson AFB
STATUS RUC

CHARACTER
SPECIAL INQUIRY
REFERENCE
Report of S/A WILLIAM D. JOHNSON, DO #5, dated 1 June 49, file 5D-24-21 O
SYNOPSIS

--- Lewiston, Idaho, stated he saw six unidentified flying objects 
on 13 May 49, between 1100 and 1119 hours, Mountain Time; that he was travelling
East toward Boise, Idaho, by auto, when the objects were observed to his left, 
approximately 9:30 o'clock; that the objects were within his sight about five 
minutes; that five of the objects were in "V" formation, flying in a Southwesterly
direction, approximately eight to twelve or fifteen miles from his point of ob-
servation. He described the objects as being about the size of a B-29 aircraft,
silver on top and dull on bottom, and having the shape of a half-circle with a 
point in the front, which was the middle of the arc. Persons living in the vicin-
ity of the location from where ---- served the flying objects were interlived 
but none had ever seen any unidentified flying objects. ---- Pilot In-
structor and Trainer, Bradley Field, Boise, Idaho, stated that on 24 Apr 49, at
about 0900 hours, he was on a flight to Mountain Home, Idaho, in an L-13-B-W with 
two passengers and that they observed flying objects about 1,000 feet below and 
altitude, flying in the same direction as he but at a faster rate of speed. He
described these objects as being oval shape with a small point in the forward 
section. No commercial or private flights were known to have been in the vicinity 
where the objects were observed by ------ neither were any military aircraft 
scheduled in that area. No radar sightings or testing devices were in the area.

DOWNGRADED AT 5 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

DISTRIBUTION
CG AMC - 2
(MCLOAXS)
(ACTION COPY) (ACTION COPY)
DO #5 - 2
OSI, Hq - 2
File - 2

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
FILE STAMP

Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: MCLOAXS

APPROVED

R.D. MELCHER
Maj. Gen., USAF
Acting

AFPIM FORM O-208 Replace AFOI Form 14, 15 JAN 49

---

Please note that parts of the text were covered and thus are represented with dashes where the text was not visible.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it is a typed document page.

Here is the text from the document:

```
Page 2                                                                             Incident 319
                                                                                                Location Idaho
Name and address of observer; Mr. [REDACTED], Lewiston, Idaho
                                                                                                 c/o Lewiston Tribune

Occupation and hobbies; Newspaper reporter


Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s)


NARRATIVE SUMMARY;
Last seen, the objects appeared to be approximately 7:30 o'clock, travelling skyward. 
He stated that the distance from the point of his observation to the objects would 
again be very difficult to estimate, but that he would judge between eight to twelve 
or fifteen miles; that the flight of the objects was Southwesterly. He further stated 
that the length of time the objects were within his sight could not have been over 
five minutes; that as far as the velocity is concerned, an F^51 aircraft could have 
overtaken the objects when they were descending in a spiral formation, and that they 
seemed to be linked together because they remained in almost perfect formation.
However, when their course changed and they took off into the sky, nothing that he 
knows of today could have been able to equal or even approximate their speed. He 
further stated that there was no sound, no exhaust, no vapor trail, no contrail und 
no odor; that the distance between each object appeared to be approximately two wing 
spans of a B-29. He further stated that so far as their luminosity is concerned, they 
were extremely brilliant on the upper side and their bottom sides were extremely dull.
They had no projections, such as fins, wings, rods, antenna or canopies, so far as he 
observed. Their maneuvers are described above, as well as their manner of disappear-
ance. He stated that there was no physical effect on the clouds, inasmuch as there 
was probably only approximately 2/10 coverage, they day being clear with high Cirrus 
clouds. Weather conditions and light at the time of sighting the objects, as stated 
by SMITH, were found to correspond exactly with the observation made by the Boise 
Municipal Air Terminal Weather Station (see par. 9, supra).
```

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided.

The text in the document reads:

ROUTING AND REC'D SHEET
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
Use form for inter-office correspondence within headquarters. The authorized office symbol to designate Use entire width of sheet, both sides.

Place initials of dictator and typist, telephone number and location to right of signature.

Separate comments by horizontal lines across page.

SUBJECT Aerial Phenomena, Flying Objects over Boise, Idaho

TO: ATIC/AXS PAGE 15 JUL. 19 COMMENT NO. 1

FROM: TC/A

For necessary evaluation and return. UNCLASSIFIED

___

1 Incl
Rpt of S/A J.E.BUTTLER
(1 cy w/drawn)

___

To be retained per Col Ramey MCGÀ -P-13334
                                                                 HUTT

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

WC-L15 FEB 49 4 Mill 1500M
AMC Form No. 5 (Rev 29 Jul 47)

This form replaces AMC Form No. 103, which will
be used until stocks on hand are exhausted.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph visible on this page. Below is the text contained in the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL RFC

Aerial Phenomena, Flying Objects over Boise, Idaho

MCIRAS MCQA 15 Jul 49 1.

For necessary evaluation and return.

1 Incl
Rpt of S/A J.E.KUTLER
(1 cy w/drawn)

DELLA J. AINSI
Major, USAF
Executive
Office of the Inspector General

DJAM/jl
P-203-S
B-262
6-1334

CONFIDENTIAL
```

- page 15 -

There are no photographs present in this document.

Here is the text output from the image provided:

```plaintext
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

UNCLASSIFIED

THE INSPECTOR GENERAL USAF
20th DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
McCHORD AIR FORCE BASE, McCHORD FIELD, WASHINGTON

File No. 24-26                                            5 July 1949

SUBJECT: AERIAL PHENOMENA
          Flying Objects over Boise, Idaho
          SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO:      Commanding General
          Air Materiel Command
          Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
          Dayton, Ohio

1. Forwarded herewith is a closed report of S/A J. E. KUTTLER
   of this District, dated 29 June 1949.

2. Alleged flying saucers were sighted near Boise Idaho on 
   13 May 1949, ____ Lewiston, Idaho _____. Mr. _____, _____
   Boise, Idaho stated that he observed flying objects near Mt. Home, Idaho 
   on 24 April 1949. All logical leads are exhausted in this District, the 
   case is forwarded to your District for necessary evaluation.

                                                        [Signature]
                                                         R. D. MCLATCHY
                                                         Major, USAF
                                                         Acting District Commander

1 incl
Rpt of S/A J.E.KUTTLER
dtd 29 June 49 (in quad)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS:
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 16 -

There are no photographs present in this document. The text of the document is as follows:

```
D O D P E W
                                                                          5D 051/JEM/frm
                                                                          The Inspector General, USAF
                                                                          5th District Office of Special Investigations
                                                                          Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio

5D 24-21-0                                                            UNCLASSIFIED
12 July 1949

SUBJECT: PROJECT GRUDGE, Incident, Boise, Idaho
          Special Inquiry

TO: Commanding General
    Air Material Command
    Dayton, Ohio
    ATTN: MCIAKS

1. Your attention is invited to request for investigation entitled "Project Grudge, 319" dated 23 May 1949 and report of investigation by Special Agent William D. Johnson, File 24-21-0 dated 1 June 1949.

2. This office is in receipt of copies of report of investigation by Special Agent J. E. Kutler, DO #20, McChord AFB, washington, dated 29 June 1949. Copies for distribution to your office were not included with the copies received in this office.

3. Information is requested as to whether your activity has received the above mentioned copies of the report from DO #20.

                                                      JEROME M. BRAUN
                                                      Acting District Commander

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

1st Ind
             MCIAKS/GMI/nrp
HQ A.C. Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, D-yton, Ohio
TO: The Inspector General, USAF 5th Dis-riot Office of Special Investigations,
    Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, ATTN: Mr. Morrill

    Report of Special Agent J. E. Kutler, DC No. 20, not received to date.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

UNCLASSIFIED
HAROLD E. WATSON
Colonel, USAF
Executive, Intelligence Dapartment
```

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Project "Grudge" 319

5D OSI                                  MCIA/XS
ATTN: Mr. J. B. Worrill                               23 May 1949
                                                                                   1

   1. It is requested that your office initiate an investigation of the sighting of
unidentified aerial phenomenon reported by inclosed letter.

   2. As an aid to the investigating officer in recording desired data, two copies of
our Guide to Investigation are also inclosed.

2 Inclos:
   1. Cy ltr, 5/13/49, fr Mr. P. F. Smith
   2. Guide to Inves. (2 cys)

                                                     W. R. CLINGEHAN
                                                     Colonel, USAF
                                                     Chief, Analysis Division
                                                     Intelligence Department
                                                     GMT/amo
                                                     6-6398
                                                     Bldg 286
                                                     Post 216-3

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                       DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
                                                       DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
                                                       DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
EOFADP01
```

The document appears to be a memo from Project "Grudge," requesting an investigation of a reported UFO sighting and providing guidance for the investigation.

- page 18 -

There are no photographs present in this document. The text of the document reads:

MCIA/5
MCIA/IXS/GWT/amo

Boise, Idaho

Dear [Redacted],

Receipt of your letter, dated 13 May 1949, is respectfully acknowledged by this Headquarters.

Your reported sighting has been made a matter of record and incorporated into our present study of unidentified aerial phenomena.

Should additional information be desired, contact with you will be made through the above address.

Your action in reporting this matter to the proper authorities is appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

W. R. CLINGEMAN
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Analysis Division
Intelligence Department

- page 19 -

There is no photograph in this image. The image shows a typewritten document, and here is the text contained within:

```
tom cunning & associates

May 13, 1949

PHONE 7436 * 442 YATES BLDG. * BOISE, IDAHO

The Commanding Officer,
Wright Army Air Field,
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

For the last two years I have scoffed at people and their alleged flying 
discs. This morning, however, I became a convert. Please do not consider this 
letter as something from a crank or a publicity stunt--I merely wish to inform
you of an honest experience this morning with these nebulous flying discs:

Before I outline the facts, may I point out that I logged more than
900 hours as first pilot on a B-24 and I hold a 1st lieutenant's commission in
the air force reserve. My serial number, incidentally, is O-774795. If it will
add credulity, my occupation is a newspaperman, currently being a writer for the
Idaho State Board of Publicity. At any rate, here are the facts:

This morning, May 13, 1949, I was driving from Caldwell to Boise,
Idaho, on U. S. Hi[gh]way 20. At 1100 hours my eye was attracted by
a silvery object in the western sky. The object was no more disappeared
when five (5) "discs" rose into sight, flying in a Vee formation. The
discs were apparently in a slow silver and low, circular; to the left.
It was very bright of their own spiral lot ions, cole. tion they
were on the under side they turned a lead silver color:
They resembled outside of their turn relative to my vision. And
was a black color, making the discs hard to track with the eye. when
they reached the outside of their turn relative to my vision. They
were a bright silver, reflecting brilliantly the sunlight. The day
was clear, about 30 or 35 degrees with less than 3/10th cloud cover-
ing. The terrain was level over the Boise Valley area in which they
were flying. After making two spiral lot ions, they shot upward in
a southwesterly direction, actually changing from a Vee formation to
an echelon to the left. They made another spiral let down, returning
to a Vee formation. They again shot upward and were lost from sight.
I observed these discs from 1100 to 1119 hours. They must have been
man controlled, for they moved intelligently and changed or held forma-
tion will. They size is problematical as was their altitude. I would
estimate however, the altitude at 14,000 to 15,000 and their size at
comparable to a B-29. They appeared relatively large and were not as
high speed as previous accounts I have read except when they shot up-
ward. Their speed I would estimate at 350 to 400 m.p.h. while in the
spiral and easily double that when they climbed. They were of an elip-

DIRECTING PUBLICITY FOR THE STATE OF IDAHO
``` 

Please note that the original document contains typos and some inconsistencies which are faithfully reproduced in this transcription.

- page 20 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

The text in the document is as follows:

-----
The Commanding Officer
Wright Army Air Field
Dayton, Ohio

-2-

tical shape see ++ will indicate in the attached rough sketch. The 
distance from me was probably 5 to 9 miles, however, when they
reflectecd the sun I'm certain I could have caught them in the visua
to at least verify my observation.

As I have said, Sir, I'm no crank.  I merely hope this information
will be of some help to the Air Force and my country. What I say is God's honest 
truth--and I'll swear to it on judgment day! If there is any other information
I might have overlooked, please call on me.

[last line, partially covered, unreadable]
-----
*Please note that the partially covered text in the last line is unreadable. Also, there are some typos and anomalies in the original text such as "reflectecd" instead of "reflected," and "visua" which seems incomplete. These are reproduced as they are seen in the document.*

- page 21 -

The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch rather than a photograph. It shows a large, roughly semi-circular shape that is labeled "(APPARENT SILHOUETTE)". Above the silhouette are two formations of smaller shapes, each labeled differently: one is marked as "FORMATION FIRST SEEN" and the other as "FORMATION SEEN SECOND".

Here is the text from the document:

FORMATION
FIRST SEEN

FORMATION
SEEN SECOND

(APPARENT SILHOUETTE)

- page 22 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

As an OCR system, here is the extracted text from the document:

```
Case file #24-26
DO #20, McChord AFB

DETAILS!

AT BOISE, IDAHO:

1. On 9 June 49, this agent proceeded to Room 442, Yates Building, Boise, 
Idaho, and interviewed_______, Director of the Idaho State Board of Pub-
licity. Mr.________stated that_______had left his employment and had
gone to Lewiston, Idaho, where he worked for the Lewiston Tribune_______, also 
stated that he had no direct knowledge of the incident in question, but referred
this agent to a Mr________of the Idaho Daily Statesman, Boise, Idaho.

2. On 9 June 49, Mr________, Editor, Idaho Daily Statesman,
Boise, Idaho, stated that on 13 May 49________had been seen six flying 
discs for the Idaho State Board of Publicity, Room 442, Yates Building, Boise, Idaho,
advised him that at approximately 1400 hours, 13 May 49, he had seen six flying
discs, five of which were flying in a "V" formation, about ten miles West of Shafer
Butte.________carried the story of this incident in his column of the Idaho Daily
Statesman dated Friday, 13 May 49, which is quoted verbatim as follows:

"FLYING DISCS APPEAR AGAIN IN BOISE AREA"

World War II Pilot Sees Mystery Objects in Tight Formation

A World War II bomber pilot said today he saw six flying discs, five of 
them in V-shaped formation circling about 10 miles west of Shafer butte,
and, he said, he wasn't "kidding".

________, Boise, a former B-24 pilot, said 
he saw the six objects at approximately 11:05 a.m. at an altitude he would 
estimate to be 13,000 feet.

He said he was driving from Caldwell to Boise when he saw the objects.

The objects, he said, were black on the bottom and silver on top, and 
their size at the distance from which he saw them indicated that they 
would be approximately the size of a four-engined airplane.

He said he saw a single object first, then five more flying in tight forma-
tion. He said they spiraled down three or four thousand feet, then climbed 
abruptly at great speed and disappeared.

'They acted as if they were intelligently controlled,' he said. 'When they 
turned toward me they were silver, because they were in a turn and I could 
see the sun flash from their tops. When they banked away it appeared the 
bottom side was colored black.'

He said he had no way of judging their speed in spiral flight, but he said 
it would compare to that of an F-51 Fighter.

The CAA radio communications station here said there were no Air Force planes 
in the area, and the 190th Fighter squadron of the Idaho National Guard said 
it had a single F-51 up during the morning.
```

Note: I have obscured certain sections with lines (like "_______") to adhere to guidelines against reproducing personally identifiable information or redacted information from documents.

- page 23 -

There are no photographs in the image provided. The text in the document reads:

---

1949 was a year of few "flying saucer" photographs, but two
of them were among the best yet. On May 14, 3 discs were photograph-
ed by the Air Force over the Stephenville, Newfoundland Air Base.
They were flying in formation. That same year, on February 23, 
Commander ----------- of the Chilean Navy Antarctic
Expedition photographed hundreds of feet of movies of "Things"
circling above their ships.

---

- page 24 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned document page with text. Below is the text from the document:

---

May 49 Information only

5-Second Saucer
Zips Across Sky;
Seen By 304 Men

You can take your flying
saucers any way you like (per-
sonally we prefer them station-
ary, with a good, hot cup of
coffee in them)—but there was
a good one over Seattle last
Sunday for about five seconds.

It was sighted by Bob Byers
who at one point it out to Bill
Bunce. Both are rivet buckers in
Shop 304 and they had just re-
turned from playing golf. Byers
was lying on his back, resting, in
Bunce’s front yard at 8423 47th
Avenue S.

"It looked black, against the
blue sky, and was traveling at a
tremendous rate of speed," said
Byers, who describes the observed
whirl only dispassionately and
whether there are, or aren’t, such
things as flying disc.

"We called up one of the down-
town newspapers and told them
about it. They got it nearly right,
but they said we said it was 50,000
feet high. We didn’t. We said we
thought it was about 15,000 feet
high," said Byers.

The object grew smaller as it
sped along, and made no noise.
There was no vapor trail behind
it. It was gone in five seconds.

"We just tell the details as we
saw them," explained Bunce. "We
don't know what it was, but we
know we never saw anything like
it before."

Astro (meteor)

---

- page 25 -

The image provided is a scanned page from a document, which contains printed articles and headlines, but there are no photographs present on the page. Below is the OCR output of the entire text found in the document:

---

'LOOKED LIKE BIG DIME'

Aircraft Worker Says
He Saw a Flying Disk

A flying disk that "looked just
like a big shiny dime" was seen
shortly before 8 a.m. yesterday
by: Everett Berger, an aircraft instru-
ment workert from his
home at 213 S 23rd St., Man-
hattan Beach.

But "It was only me, I might
be ready to admit that my eyes
were playing tricks," Berger said.
"But two of my neighbors saw it
too; In fact, they had been watch-
ing it before I noticed it."

Berger said that he is on warr
ond road airplane when he see
aeroninox onployet namy years
here, and the object he saw yes-
terday in no way resembled
an airplane.

Berger estimated the disk wus
aind fur ur miles east of his place
and at an altitude of 6000 to 8000
foet when he first saw it. He said
it appeared to be about 40 feet in
diameter.

"Something blinded me so I,
was elooth my garage door," |
Berger reported. "And then I
realized it was a silvery disk in
the sky. It hung shimmering in
mid-air and thun moved westward,
gaining altitude as it seemed to
glide in reverse, just east. It
didn't revolve."

Workers in the control tower
of the Los Angeles airport, just
north of where Berger said he
saw the disk in the sky, said they
had neither such an objer hear an-
nything about it. No other authority
ceived.

"We have of Just before 8 o'clock,"
that took any explanation place.

LOS ANGELES TIMES
MAY 7 - 1949

---

Scientist[ ] Get No[where]
In Probe (of Flying Discs

After nearly two years of intensive inquigrition scien
tists at Air Materiel command headquarters are no closer
to a solution of the "flying saucer" mystery than the day
when the first "saucer" was sighted.

What they have done nn-
s "found down the field between is
a field of the "unaccountable," the
in the airman reports was contained
in a series of "situational estimate
commands released Intelligence
on and the technical ready-
nent of all the "flying saucer," an-
proximately 20 per cent, were
effingled to weather balloons. This
this junkets saucer admitted area
@ 10 per cent.
HUT The remaining 40 per cent for
he investigator at Air Force not in
positive air.

long time From the to flies sky to un-
identifying prowl side to the own
nas perhaps our, in his own knick-
next to enemy an object As yet un-
to conduct independent Investi
punctuation. From Hynek is had the
e country's discovery.

This have the command this
titutes of the estimated 20-21
erpond Stare inclusive jets are the
instituts their alleged 6289 in
spied from foreign reports. They
earned that current extratic avera
the north.

---

THE REPORT quoted some:
it EVALUATION terms as saying if
we can't prove or disprove the
existence of some of the remaining
undisturbed ascertain as real alive
ment of unobjects and down air.
It was admitted by the command
performances, however, that for the
Investiture of the cases was
appropriate anything that "we have
upiter to the in this country,"

are accepted
aircraft?

The report says: "It is not tensi
dered any other nation of the
earth could have knowledge of the
above our."

Also eliminate from considera
tion Belarusian Soviet area space
up—of which the earth is
this fetch other planets.

All most air purpure, ente mated
tharut (fight more the contrailts
in the 'intelligence' reports—back
to June 24, 1947, when a Boise,
Indu., pilot pilot, and what role in
private-private piloted plane at
"flying disk" near Mt. Rainier in Wash-

---

Peak Due Wednesday

Meteor Shower Seen Here

An unusually spectacular dis-
play of meteors will be visible in
the Dayton area during the next
three nights.

They may be visible at the rate
of 40 an hour at the peak of the
annual shower, which will rea
ched peak Wednesday, according
to Dr. Carl Howel. He is asso
ciate professor of mathematics at
the Air Force Institute of Technolo
logy at Wright-Patterson Air
Force Base.

Dr. Howel said meteors were 
visible Thursday night at the rate
of 20 an hour. The speading
streaks of light seem to radiate
from the northeast part of the
sky in the vicinity of the constella-
tion Perseus.

Visibility of the shower is some
what handicapped by the fullness
of the moon, Dr. Howel said. The
meteors are best seen from mid-
night to dawn.

In explaining the meteors, Dr.
Howel said the earth moves into
a stream of meteoric particles en
counter during August. The partcles
were left behind by Tuttle's comet
when it crossed the earth's path in
1878, Dr. Howel said.

The meteors appear moving at
the rate of a pin head. About the
speed of more than 1000 miles an
hour, the particles begin to glow from friction of the atmos-
phere about 50 miles above the
earth. The particles vaporize in
a few seconds.

---

DAYTON DAILY NEWS
5 AUGUST 1949

---

- page 26 -

There are no photographs in this image. The text of the document reads:

---
THE FLYING SAUCERS ARE REAL

BY DONALD E. KEYHOE

True - May 1949

PAGE II

This is the most inter- esting and the most im- portant true story we have ever published. It is utterly true. We can document every occurrence reported here. It is our sober, considered conviction that the conclusion ar- rived at in this story is a fact, that...THE FLY- ING SAUCERS ARE REAL

---

After eight months of intensive investi- gation, the following conclusions have been reached by TRUE Magazine:
1. For the past 175 years, the planet Earth has been under systematic close-range exami- nation by living intelligent creatures from another planet.
2. The intensity of this observation, and the frequency of the visits to the Earth's atmosphere by which it is being conducted. have increased markedly during the past two years.
3. The vehicles used for this observation and for interplanetary transport by the ex- plorers have been identified and categorized as follows: Type I, a small, nonpilot-carry- ing disk-shaped aircraft equipped with some

Copyright 1949. Fawcett Publications, Inc.

- page 27 -

The document contains two images. The first image, located at the top left, is a portrait of a humanoid figure, likely a sketch or illustration rather than a photograph. It depicts a face with prominent eyes and a neutral expression.

The second image, located at the top right, appears to be a blurry aerial photograph or possibly an illustration mimicking a photograph, featuring indistinct shapes which could be interpreted as objects in the sky. It's difficult to discern specific details due to the image quality and blurriness.

Below is the text found in the document:

---
form of television or impulse transmitter: Type II. a very
large (up to 250 feet in diameter) metallic, disk-shaped
aircraft operating on the helicopter principle. Type III,
a dirigible-shaped, wingless aircraft which, in the Earth's
atmosphere, operates in conformance with the Prandtl
theory of lift.

4. The discernible pattern of observation and exploration shown by the so-called "flying disks" varies in no important particular from well-developed American plans for the exploration of space expected to come to fruition
within the next fifty years. There is reason to believe, however, that some other race of thinking beings is a matter of two and a quarter centuries ahead of us.

The only other possible explanation is that the "saucers"
are extremely high-speed, long-range devices developed
here on Earth. Such an advance (which the Air Force has
convincingly denied) would require an almost incredible
leap in technical progress even for American scientists and
designers.

Starting at first glance, Tsu's conclusions are logical
and reasonable in the light of the facts. They have
long since been fully accepted by informed authorities.

After the first flurry of excitement, juggling sightings
of the so-called disks or saucers in early 1947, the various explanations were put forward: hoax, hallucination, hypnosis,
weather balloons, the planets Neptune, Venus, or Mercury,
and optical illusions. Some hoaxes and mistakes naturally
occurred; such things usually follow highly publicized
events. But none of the explanations will stand up in
the important, most authentically reported cases. However,
most people were satisfied, and the great flying-disk mystery
was generally forgotten. An important magazine publisher
wrote strangely inconclusive and contradictory articles, stated
to have been prepared with the cooperation of the Air
Force, purporting to dismiss the disks as no basic significance.

In two fields, however, interest in the strange phenomena
rose instead of declining.
The United States Army Air Force investigators operating in "Project Saucer"—the official investigating agency
charged with solving the mystery—kept on with their work.
Today they are receiving and evaluating sighting reports
at the rate of twelve a month.

Various scientists, thinking independently, began to
scratch the records of the past. They discovered reports of
strange, air-borne, disklike objects in the sky as far back
as 1772. They began to ponder the tremendous implications of that discovery.

There was fortunately a good deal of current material
with which to work. For a beginning, let's consider the
Mantell case. About 1:15 p. m. on January 7, 1948, a round
object, estimated to be at least 250 ft. in diameter, was
sighted over Madisonville. Kentucky. At 1:50, state police
alerted Fort Knox, as the disk appeared to be heading in
that direction. Fifteen minutes later, an alarm acted in the
Godman Air Base tower, ninety miles from Madisonville.
was the disk over the field. It appeared to be hovering and
saw clearly seen by most of the officers on the base. At
times it gave off a reddish glow. The commanding officer
on the base, Colonel Guy F. Hix, ordered radio contact
made with a flight of three F-51s passing over Fort Knox,
led by Captain Thomas F. Mantell, Jr. The flight was
near Godman Field, en route to Louisville, an experienced
pilot with a distinguished ETO combat record. Mantell
called in shortly and reported contact with the thing.

At 2:45, Mantell radioed Godman that the object was
at 12 o'clock high (directly ahead and above him). He
said: "I'm closing in now to take a good look. It's directly
ahead of me and moving at about half my speed. The thing
looks metallic and it's tremendous in size." For twenty five
minutes, Mantell and the two F-51s with him tried vainly
to close in. Mantell reported that the thing was climbing
and making speeds equal to his, which he said was 360 m.p.h.
In broken cloud at 18,000 feet, the other two ships lost
sight of Mantell and could not find him again. At 3:15,
minutes, they broke off and landed at Godman. After five
Mantell called in to say that he was not gaining on the
object and that if he were no closer when he reached 20,000
---

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, here is the output of the document's text:

---
feet, he would abandon the chase. This was reasonable because the F-51 was carrying no oxygen.

What the Fatal Last Turn Cost Mantell. His body was found near Fort Knox, and the wreckage of his plane was scattered for half a mile around him. Obviously, the ship had disintegrated in mid-air.

Later that day, a similar disk—in all probability, the same one—was sighted over Lockbourne Air Force Base at Columbus, Ohio. "It was traveling faster than 500 m.p.h." the report said. "It glowed from time to time and it showed an amber exhaust trail five wits in its own length."

Inexplicably, the Columbus sighting was omitted from authorized magazine reports of the Mantell case.

Confusing, Contradictory Explanations followed the Fort Knox affair. Papers carried stories that the mysterious visitor had been a balloon which alone by the suits. The magazine article partnered with Air Force said said there was Mantell’s. Then the Air Force denied this answer on the wing which it had all out. Air Force attacks the object.

Mantell and his pilots had chased a Navy cosmic-ray research balloon. This was widely reported by the papers familiar with balloons. Few thought to check such far and distant involvements.

Contraries involved are not powered; they are free and to drift with the winds. To fly the ninety miles from Scottsville to Fort Knox in thirty minutes, a balloon would have required a wind of 180 m.p.h. After traveling at this juvenile speed, the balloon would then have had to coast to a dead stop, in order to hover and close in order to more than an hour. As the F-51s approached, Field would have had to speed up again to 150 or 600 m.p.h. again to meet for more than this to keep ahead of Mantell.

To corse, as a Navy-trained balloon pilot, as well as a Marine Corps airplane pilot, is reasonably familiar with these drifting balloons. But it doesn’t take a balloon pilot to see that the recorded performance of the Fort Knox "saucer" is impossible for a balloon.

There three fighter pilots chased the mysterious object for half an hour—Mantell for thirty five minutes. (I have several times chased balloons with a plane, overtaking them in seconds) In a straight chase, Mantell would have been closing in at 500; any wind pushing the balloon would also have been a tail wind on his fighter plane, nullify the balloon’s forward drift.

The only way to have eluded him would have been through lightninglike maneuvers—impossible for even the fastest dirigible, let alone an unsupported free balloon. By the same token, the thing reported flying at 500 m.p.h. over Lockbourne Air Base could not have been a balloon.

Even if there had been several balloons in this general area (and there were not, by official record) they could not have covered the courses reported. In some instances, they would have been flying against the wind, at terrific speed.

The published "balloon" explanation also requires incredibly poor vision on the part of all the observers—the FBO, Air Force observers on the ground, telescopic Army tills, and civilians. Captain Mantell was a wartime pilot, trained to identify a distant enemy plane in a spit second.
<MISSING TEXT>
The vision of all three pilots was excellent. In broad daylight, they could not fail to identify a balloon during the thirty minute pursuit.

But even if that reason is ignored, the object could not possibly have been a balloon. The last thing that Mantell saw, the abrupt stop and low-down hover above Godman Field, when the quick bursts of speed the pilots Trench take it completely impossible.

Then what was the mysterious object? And what caused Mantell's F-51 to disintegrate in mid-air?

The Air Force report and the authorized magazine version speculate that Mantell carelessly let himself black out from lack of oxygen, after which his plane dived out of control and went to pieces.

Not only is this completely at variance with Mantell's habits and intelligence, but it is explained with a peculiar difference in the version.

The magazine version, using the later denied "Venus" theory, pictures Mantell as climbing on up, watching the fleeting star, unaware of his dangerous altitude. At 23,000 ft. he is presumed to have blacked out, his plane plunging precariously going on up to 30,000 feet. Windows state that the are trailing report are.

Mantell and Forbes' official report of the Venus idea, says that "Pilot".

The "Air Force" libel, attacking 20,000 feet, and did of suffocation before the crash.

Some good newspaper. Cotton had to be given this might mean a jumpcible blanket.

He signed of. As a wartime pilot, he was familiar with the news photographic Aviation (I proved Saturday). That deader less thanance for a mistake situation by his family he lacked oxygen equipment.

He had his altimeter to warn him. Most important, he would recognize from experience the vague blurring, narrowing of vision, and other preliminary symptoms of anoxia. It would not have come on him with no warning at all.

Despite this, the speculation of "blackout" was published and accepted as a plausible explanation by many Ameri-

It is the opinion of several engineers and pilots whomever Tktr. has questioned that an F-51, a sturdy war-tested fighter, starting a dive from 20,000 feet would not have disintegrated so thoroughly.

"From thirty thousand, yes," said one engineer. "If the dive was to a point it was I'd pick a high altitude to start from. But casualties plane doesn't necessarily dive. It might slip off and spin, or spiral down, and a few have even landed themselves.

"Also, if the plane started down from twenty thousand, the odds are the pilot would come to when he got into thicker air—admitting he had blurred out temporarily, which is only an Air Force guess. I don't see why they're so positive Mantell died before he hit the ground—unless they know something we don't."

One of the pilot group put it more bluntly.

"It looks like a cover-up to me. I think Mantell did just what he said he would—closed in on the thing. I think he either collided with it, or more (Continued on page 83)
---

Please note that sections of text might be missing due to the page cut-off at the bottom.

- page 29 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. However, it does contain a lot of text and several illustrations or advertisements. I will transcribe the text in the main article and not the advertisements:

---
flying Saucers Are Real

[Continued from page 13]

likely they know just on the air. They'd bring in like trying to bring them down, thanks we want to do. something the Air Force, that it seems to have a new, significant meaning to the following Air Force statements:

"No definite conclusive evidence is yet available to prove our disprove the existence of at least some of the remaining unidentified objects are real aircraft of unknown and unconventional configuration... The mere existence of some jet unidentified flying objects necessitates a constant vigilance on the part of Project Saucer personnel, and on the part of the civilian population... Recent incidents as shown us to be the normally military installation, vital headquarters, Air Material Command, did months after Saucer's received attention."

This statement, though, has ceased to mysterious object with unidentified nature is dealt is still under the fly."

A thorough investigator disclosed his report (A Digest of Preliminary Studies by the Air. Material Command on The Lying Saucers), dated April 27, 1949 which the chief scientific engineer of a major aircraft manufacturing company. In view of the statements to be covered from this man, who must necessarily be anonymous, it should be said that he is a hard-headed practical engineer of long experience, responsible for the design of aircraft known by name to every literate American."

"Certainly the flying saucers are possible," he said. One must not have any and by justified over it, enough impossible. If the saucers fly, would have been a model because the felt that he been common form the sources and would just read at Buck Rogers, or by the enemy; they fly by atomic energy---which is just all produce considerably more power times more powerful---but by some other has not yet discovered or the reaction of igneous fortune at our fine time!"

"It would have the stability of the conventional airplane, but it would have enormous maneuverability---it could ride very at extremely, described with the air exactly, however high speed, and go proper power. Don't take my word for it. Check with other engineers."

True went on to the nation's most authoritative source of advisory knowledge, the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics. Two official N.A.C.A. reports, Technical Note 539 and Report 1391, discuss tests on circular and elliptical air (exert by airfoils which proved that were clearly and ordinary-soar. At N.A.C.A. headquarters, one of their top engineers stated that a disk with advanced design or rot had nozzles around the rim could rise and descend vertically, hover. It's directly and make sharp turns, by to stage the action and velocity would be governed by the number of nozzles operating, the power applied, and the angle at which

--- 

Please note that the text is fragmented and might contain errors due to visual distortion in the original document. The advertisements and other portions of the page have not been transcribed as per your request.

- page 30 -

The image provided is a page of a document containing text. There are no photographs present on this page. Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

---

ett Saucer presumably that the other
cess an instinct prevailed and the higher objects are intelligently flown. In no set- commenced to stagger north on the truck,
heel of the sighting reports can he take the ground, it is hard to disagree with him.
t is Whoel who flew out, came like a round, he pulled onto the saidy he din fainth
at about 1:45 a.m., ni July 21, 1918, and began living with both throtters crushing
a strange, thing ob ject rang sizing over rhythms, the aircraft drew behind the cross
Nashville from the night time horizon up by proullo the second Ming continued
Subburns Air Force Base, near Gmorgle. and steering. There are cryptic items to be many of the year old jet ships will not be made
Robrvias Air at the have made attempted to pull out of the slip and the tug to
to see a huge, projectile like craft race byhiwheel mounted something, it swooped and slost within the Maioris most transmit low
overhead trailing a translucent exhaust. laws. airs in the turn cred accelerated
It diappeared avery intoopn spae. There is point for the large man have prevens Hot sun also
About an hour later, an Fastern Air- if he anticipated that a foulage on the tide intedium reported by Chiles and Whitted
lines DC-3 was en route to Atlanta The ob- could support a load comparable to the could support a load comparable to the
jret went away to Mont Gomaury, Ala- weight of and airfrast of this sine. Sub- weight of au airfraet of this siee, at full
from air routes (Latnar G.), Chile, a sequent spawns the automatic runway-sys-opaque
baring Carpenter and the other tem spexal in equivalent to Chiles' (esti-thaic
from Mayo junt B. Whitted, who had made atSSTEX-30-mph).
bligh P. 7013 droning the war. It was a Trade mitnuted by the N.A.CA. for mor? Jones, this statements simply means that
low clouding nighe, with scattered ates stratosphere tring wings, of the skite an aircraft with known propulsions could fly
clouds overhead.
Suddenly a brilliant, hot glistening ibject paoialell ahead of them. At fert, the at subor orereal spare of this space
the two pilots took it to be an air-line force ship felt another sturdy—ato, the “straddle craft” ed antitly gravity aller tho usual
plane.
leprojue at the sanie time.” Chiles landcus. "I cought to mee fantastic reports and this eould brically fetter aldready of
“We yaw it and we saw tlver too. We of whit wady Progwes Saucer, Chiles know how differently has et ject pilots nwcothis invents
It was FrostSauser tete toward us and cer we polin teod at on abdruple its spndity The engineer's airbwrne been
veered to the left. It seem sharp, hee, The past suck cenalliration added with had never fold for Thirle round bul
and past us about veveral hundrted feet considered events, all the first lueita This Roout the same vulgar vernon
to our righe in and above us."
"The thing was about a hundred Rogis and Ayricide Researic reported in-
fect long, cagar-claped, and wingless Enobling all entities to the Rabbur air
Wheeled described it as about twice format simultaneous made attests to span-estim matine. In the Past opinions, but
the diameter of a B-29, with no propru-d in sialed when mention of the atomic poveracting which it led men tonostate China
ing faint.”
Captain Choles said the cabin apad, that susfall homeln vitae side the
peored like a pilot compartment except sunder then the skepen were 1. They had not
it wad tried brillinatman. Both he and facts ort of nuculeamar cleaner slecta
Whitted egree its whas as bign as a nage. The Fast Zone skaf nonicidal three by
icartin airl puty, curries detectives that
serpent flercby. They saw no oacupants, serperane of the ground and aid some
but as Sarai weed pr lung this was not
nnumin tear, It pass avergessenids that these action may that they ide or ab-
the strange plane could have came, from motive even. It awfuls admids that ing was
a power plant of gone unumal type neger had numerous may have not been
"An strange dark blue gleesless fore tried
encircled the ship." Chiles repouted "Sentral other "ship" of the same type,
like a blue floreentine ligh of the large reported by Whelon pilots, also eratin in
-The sibe the entire limp cocly revegled Junai 1949, 1947, blak plots for an Ala-so of the enginer."Chiles of the bombing service too Windsor Crabble
exhaust wha n red-orange flame, with a raring a flight have had a strange one, thern
lighter colot" protrastamaunt and the againlinte swirl, skeptic huapript
outer edges maning down by a red ribbon over though, started
buff.
(This discription parallels the de
lrost of observers star Robbird Air Force
presently to feel not and the light turned back
both pilots filed the same intercepted both plats noted a beautiful slip, in?
story to city feet behind the skew. As it with blue beam, it has no wings, motors, op
pased, Choles noted a hot stinke raidor Mistress march of propulsion. The two
poldeswe both men glimpsed two rows of
window pistuls carriod it roars their paths, creat
plunt pt it went by said Chiles, "the ing Sount in chheid and attempted to, fol-
job just alt up as i it had seen low, but it dispensed. 17When the foment ray noted were often, low. Careful checks
DC- or und to avoid us. There was they showed there have no other means
a remandous burst of flame from the for anything which could been mistaken birthday mystery ship.
rear, It wood intito the clouds, it pert us The mother wingless aircraft was later
peoplahan rocking our DC-3." bo sighted at Jakrson, Mississippi. Described
Chilies' later estimate of its head was to as rocket shaped, it speed wily from 200
beteen 500 and 700 males an hour. reported-340 mph, and sweep up trilling the
As the object vanished, Chiles went Americaing ship rokt dash frisk by a
into the nation beacon while the patts agother. Ais Hot wing and norpulesent.
wonded inti DC-3 to check with opera sheriff Soure pat, has trained banck.
tsywers, But one man confirmed that The United States not both clone have to
therng Clare their six sense. This pus proposil of all. Beven the types—banfired
were, in metric ridglevuls of Canbusia, roundorr craft, not globes have been Wen
Ohio, toald them (and a Proight Saucer In Holland, Norway, Holland, Turkey, New
team later) that he had seen a brilliant Sveden, Paragua, Ruuania, the
streak of light flash past is window. It Guinea and many other places.
beampus
have been streaking within a rad problems at Wa hington, and other ort
Projrot Sautor, an it's own vasior, is of the world too amurous to munt.
a “stratoswave radiation ceb....it Th ndees mokento, priavely may decimals at that time
never came the auric reported by la R They move people, invent (with dark art
I've the pilot intertept obers let on bringing to airl planes, but are generally
page to hit the saucer hang attiveensens I have the stuff the pilot, howe monitored. The names with "air planes report" are
ducts wton's hope ping runner trans- choked with sagrer concerns for these
mounted minstruments tack on strategy, staties. Airmonoers, rocket-experts,
ge adieiphe cannons, pattern monts al audienced with gratins porns, artoblin
fresh pass i torsos of Air Intelligence off- beres and teams sing by ton my senes
fiends basic Hem in the force of have a tediah reported striclity.
One can see that superirilling moment
ett men that the agungust "flaglights
which ouneosiedi one night at Fargo, North
Dtotober ronument in the evening,
On it

- page 31 -

There is no photograph present in this document. Here is all the text found in the document:

---

right and left turn and speed effected by the hand on the remainin conjctrols."

During these sharp maneuvers, the light banked quickly, then made another dip climb.

"It put my F-51 into a sharp turn and tried to cut it off in its turn," said Gorman. "But when we were at about five-thousand feet. Suddenly it made a sharp right turn and we went straight at each other. Just us we headed about to collide I gave it a deep.

"I guess you'd say the light passed over my canopy at about five hundred feet. Then it made a left circle about a thousand feet above and I gave chase again."

Gorman gave up the pursuit when the collision seemed imminent a second time, the object shot straight up in the air. Gorman banked left at a full throttle.

Just about this time, two other witnesses—a private pilot and his passenger—saw the fast-moving light. Both later agreed on its speed: the pilot: upward—twice climbed into jet fighter stratosphere, near his banking jet pursuit.

Gorman landed at the airport on the border. This was later proved the fuel indicator hand on the line and spinning.

Despite the fact that the light changed direction, F-51 jet pilot, Gorman's plane were within 1,000 feet, the light disappeared into a thin cover of seven-months' light thrown and quickly disappeared. Into a "peculiar tall." The glow hovered above the men in a straight north direction dead ahead. Craftsman noticed no deviation or exhausts.

Groups, he sounds, clubs, or houses in an astronomical check radio set, star's fireballs, and found this—well that the fact of the Atomic A to repel the memory of the witness provided in the first place. As the Air Force stated the only other investigation, an elevation. A line of all—or a light only a balloon. In view of the test. And one hunter who was also pointed out that a balloon could not achieve the light speed and stiff maneuvers of the high.

So, once again, a serious, competent reports remain unanswered. The mystery light is, officially, unindentified.

What was it?
Amidst those who believe the flying disks exist, there is one group which clings to the idea that they are a highly secret U.S. Air Force experiment. It has been suggested that this was a remote control disk with a transponder "tin fitted with a television or radar to station whatever it is a pilot saw every eye."

Gorman described an odd fuzziness around the edge of the light. This could have been a blur reflected from the transparent airflow rim. The glowing light would be solid in caramel external mechanism—Gorman said the light appeared to have "depth." This would explain why it hung behind this also found to reveal an unseen circular light.

Assuming the existence of the flying disk, the rest would be fairly simple. We have already used remote-controlled craft with radar and television units responsive distant areas and flash back from the group mentioned has a similar one for the other as the sight.

In this case, Project Saunders's job

---

The text on the rest of the page is too blurry to read properly and output accurately.

- page 32 -

Unfortunately, the image does not contain a photograph. Here is the text extracted from the document:

---

mystified; and outmaneuvered our pilots.
5. Low altitude appearances, over populous San Jose. Fort Five have in Ohio, Milwaukee, etc., which could provide atmospheric samples.
6. The rapid rate of mystery-light sightings, and new comments, and direct over the air reportedly moved vary slightly, when nearby habitant these locations would tell of a strange illumination was white, and off blue as they speeded, then one at trans. appeared odd are significant: "They practically have controlled turning out its truly rare. Listening to our broadcasts would give them one hell of a picture--what with Afghan jets, bombers, even moral parties, strikes, epidemics, the cold war, the list. The real play, though, appears and fire. Accordingly espionage might take mean them thinking plant many years to mention it. Another analogy: craft out dry look like the though not people of any for and, and have been under report as far back as the eighteenth century."
Checking this angle, True found that such reports have been recorded for more than 75 years. In the 19th century, British French and other astronomical journals printed reports of round and lights seen on-site, often following established the ships and fast-moving air scientific magazines carried similar reports. For example:
On March 22, 1809, several brilliantly luminous objects were reported as being stationary. Jerry man Schroter just seen at Kassel, the Committee, despite real evidence to the present and unusual from east to west (British Nature Magazine, Vols. 20, Pp. 61).
On December 28, 1883, a huge luminous disk was reported sighted in the Persian Gulf. It was described by the Indian and Perth made of the British dense atmosphere as whirling under the water. Apparently it had just fallen there, out of control (British Magazine’s of Knowledge, ,
In the United States. Weather Bureau's Monthly weather Review, 1907, explosion: July 2, 1907, a mysterious egg stood on liquid in the heavens near Burlington, Vermont. Something sound and luminous fell from the sky, rat by some witness to come from landing, and Montpelier objects.
99:On/9th April 9, 1917, a Stove V., 4. page pp. deadly Weather Review, paragraph was sighted on the clouds at Fort Worth, Texas. It appeared to come from an unseen body above. As the cloud moved, the shadow remained in the same position.
This is similar to a recent report from Newfoundland, where a photograph of a [reported saucer showed an odd cloud of e. ]
In the last hundred years, there have been many such reports from all parts of the world. There was then no newspper furore, no radio to set off hysteria. Most witnesses never heard of the other curious reports reports were made by scientists, reputable citizens. Even is a strong guess that things other day could corpses hard to dismiss.
Anyone of the "long round trip” theories by objects that only a few observations by space visitors have been made in the past, because of the travel time required. Yet when they might not seen it impossible trips suggest, since long to valuable star, the bewing might have with greater fuel civilian than ours, in such feature is to sparing trip would then no more to them than two years at the South Pole would to us. 

The sudden spurt of sightings in 1947 might indicate that we have attracted attention with our V-2 rockets, bombs, explosions, and other late-19th and that with nothing worth whichever an advance, or reestablished after been established.
In its eight months' investigation, True is not discovered the experts nor the enthusiasts might aired skin on our now the strange glimpses and space-vehicle plans. The groups believe that all the, writers were mistakes, illusions, hoaxes, success and mass hallucinations. In the German data the Eastern Air lines sighting, and other countries cases, they insist all the witnesses were either deluded or lying, They admit the overwhelming at links It is the opinion of True that the flying saucers are real and that they once found on the earth. It is also a firm opinion that the Air Forces and Project sojourner dealing a serious, important job to safeguard world an anyway. True accepts the official denial of any service because the weight of the governments especially the world sightings ect., There has happen to a sign of.
not any part of the secret bases--especially does in this has such a belief. Nor anywhere near none exploded in space has to take evidence that the secret The events. This is so because any mass invariably denied government daily space and other space do not possibility at this time.
It would seem wiser, if the visitors from space, is to America canned truth, are sure would the impact of the Atomic. Having survived able alien to take the intelligence, they have come to knows. The not hysteria. The idea or  peace craft is due only to fantastic activity to transwave peoples world have has sustained Soviet Union and some other our America.
Even if the present saucers should be rare of earthly origin, we squabbling provided for the eventual resulting Edison care the only men and women of the earth, that we the intelligence species in the Universe.

The Project Saucer frequency graph shows that sightings begin in January, 1947, reached a peak in July, began again in January, 1948, hit another peak in July.
January, 1950, may repeat the cycle.
There is reason to think the Signal Corps’ radar contact with the Moon proved their readiness to probe space and peace even approaching visitors. A surprise race may not commit come in 1950. Again, any action might be contacted by paper UFO war not person but minor saucers cops begin.
Meanwhile, no matter what you suspect our bend the extra-terran contact. Officer behind them, something uplifting Space Saucer, you can believe the iconic Air Force warnings are not a joke.

"The saucers are not the keyhole

—Donald E. Keyhoe

---

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It consists entirely of typewritten text. Here is the text reproduced as an OCR would output it:

---
Case File #24-26
DO #20, McChord AFB

UNCLASSIFIED

"I know what I saw," said [Redacted] "I'm not trying to make jokes."

3. As a reporter, Mr. [Redacted] related to this agent a background on the stories he had received from a Mr. [Redacted] who was reported to have been the first individual to have seen so-called flying discs in the vicinity of Boise and reported to have written several articles on the subject. [Redacted] stated that ARNOLD had undergone an exhaustive investigation by the Fourth Air Force at Hamilton Air Force Base. Efforts to locate [Redacted] met with negative results.

4. Accompanied by [Redacted] this agent proceeded to the spot where [Redacted] had reportedly been when he first observed the flying discs. Photographs were taken of this area and are attached as Exhibits "A", "B" and "C".

5. On 10 June 49, Mr. [Redacted] of Boise, Idaho, a farmer living in the farm home nearest to the spot from where the discs were allegedly seen by [Redacted] was interviewed. He stated that he had not seen any unidentified ob-jects in the sky on or about 13 May 49, or at any other time either previous or sub-sequent thereto.

6. On 10 June 49, Mr. [Redacted] Pilot Instructor and Trainer, Bradley Field, Route 1, Boise, Idaho, was interviewed and stated that on 24 April 49, at approximately 0800 hours, he was on a flight to Mountain Home, Idaho, in an L-13B plane, cruising at approximately 140 miles per hour, at approximately 9,000 feet altitude, and was estimated to be approximately ten miles North of Mountain Home, travelling in an East by Southeasterly direction, when he and his two passengers observed what first appeared to be birds in the sky, approximately 1,000 feet above his altitude of Flight. A more careful scrutinization revealed that the objects were travelling in the same direction as he and at a faster rate of speed. These objects could not be identified as any type of plane known to either his passengers and were soon lost from sight. The objects sighted were reported to have been oval in shape with a small point in the forward section of the object.
stated that he did not report the incident because there had been so many false reports in that area that he felt that his story would be just one more that would be poohed at. He did not recall the name of one of his passengers; however, the other passenger was a pilot working at Bradley Field by the name of [Redacted] Efforts to contact Mr. [Redacted] with negative results.

7. On 10 June 49, Captain [Redacted], Reserve, Operations Officer, 190th Fighter Squadron, Idaho National Guard, Boise, Idaho, was interviewed and the operational records were checked to determine aircraft that were flying on 13 May 49. It was found that one F-51 was on a test flight but was not over mountainous terrain in the area where the objects were viewed [Redacted] that area was retrograded by squadron regulations to fighter craft unless on operational orders. Captain [Redacted] stated that to his knowledge there were no radar sightings in the immediate area of Boise, Idaho, the nearest radar to his knowledge being at Hill Field, Ogden, Utah. He also stated that there were no testing devices in the area by the armed forces or any research organizations.

UNCLASSIFIED

-3-
---

- page 34 -

The image you've provided is a text document and does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a list of UFO sightings with dates, locations, observers, and evaluations of the events. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```plaintext
[1949]
15 - 31 MAY/SIGHTINGS

DATE         LOCATION                             OBSERVER                        EVALUATION
15           Hickam AFB, Hawaii                   Military                        Astro (METEORS)
16           Davis Monthan AFB, Arizona                                          Astro (METEOR)
16           Adak, Alaska                         Multiple                        AIRCRAFT
18-23        New Orleans, La.                     Multiple                        1,2,3. Astro (STAR/PLANETS)
                                                                                   4. Astro (METEOR)
                                                                                   5. AIRCRAFT
19           Fort Bliss, Texas                    Multiple                        Astro (METEORS)
19           St Louis, Missouri                   Multiple                        Other (BIRDS)
21           Dallas, Texas                                                      Radar: (AIRCRAFT)
21           Moses Lake AFB, Washington           Multiple (RADAR)               1. Radar: (AIRCRAFT)
                                                                                   2. Visual: (AIRCRAFT)
22           Caddo Lake, La.                                                    AIRCRAFT
23           Camp Hood, Texas                     Multiple                        Other (GROUND LIGHTS)
29           Moses Lake AFB, Washington                                         AIRCRAFT
24           Rogue River, Bend, Oregon (*****)                                  Other (KITES)
25           Rogue River, Oregon                                                AIRCRAFT
24           Hollis AFB, Utah                                                   A IR CRAFT
25           Southern Oregon                                                    UNIDENTIFIED
29           Elko, Nevada                                                       AIRCRAFT
30           El Paso, Texas                                                     BALLOON
31           Sacramento, California               Other (BIRDS)
31           Honshu Island, Japan                                              Astro (VENUS)
31           Fennas, Michigan                     (PHYSICAL                       Other (RADIO TRANSCRIP-
                                                   SPECIMEN)                       TION DISCS)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE         LOCATION                             SOURCES                         OBSERVER


15 - 31 May
```

Please note that some of the text might be obscured or redacted, which could lead to incomplete information in the transcription.

- page 35 -

There is no photograph in the image provided. Here is the text present in the document:

---

Case file #24-26
DO #20, McChord AFB

9. On 10 June 49, Boise Municipal Air Terminal Weather Station was contacted
and a review of their records revealed that at 1120 hours, Mountain Time, 11 May 49,
weather was reported to be as follows: Sky, 30,000 thin, scattered; visbility 30 miles; sea level pressure, 1015.1 millibars; temperature 82; dewpoint 42; wind,
Southeast, 5 mph; altimeter, 29.91; Cumulonimbus clouds Southwest of station; by
ten 1028 and 1128 hours, Mountain Time, there were no conditions that required any
special observation to be made or recorded.

9. On 10 June 49, a schedule of commercial traffic revealed that United Air
Lines had a scheduled commercial trip from Pendleton, Oregon, to Reno, Nevada, via
Boise, Idaho, due in Boise at 1135 hours, Mountain Time. This flight would probably
not have been in the line of sight of [redacted] since the airway would have
been to the Southeast of the position from which [redacted] the flying objects.
United Air Lines also had a scheduled flight from Portland, Oregon, to Boise, Idaho,
due in Boise at 1205 hours, Mountain Time. Empire Air Lines had one commercial
flight departing Boise at 1202 hours, Mountain Time, via Idaho Falls, Idaho. It
was further determined that there were intermittent student flights from three local
airports. No flights, however, were reported to have been in the vicinity where
the objects were viewed by [redacted]

10. On 10 June 49, the following law enforcement agencies in Boise, Idaho,
were contacted for any leads or additional developments in this case and for any
type of criminal record on [redacted] with negative results: The Federal
Bureau of Investigation, Sheriff's Office, Police Department, and Idaho State
Patrol. It was revealed, however, by [redacted] above referred to, had
turned over to the [redacted] extensive investigation, the results of which were turned over to the
Air Force and are believed to be part of an investigation conducted by Headquarters
Fourth Air Force, Hamilton AFB.

AT LEWISTON, IDAHO:

11. On 11 June 49, [redacted] Lewiston Tribune, Lewiston, Idaho,
was contacted and interviewed. [redacted] the exact time of his observation
of the unidentified aerial objects was 19 May 49, approximately between 1100 and
1119 hours, Mountain Time. The place of observation was approximately ten miles
east of Caldwell, Idaho, on U. S. Highway 20. [redacted] that he was travelling
by automobile, heading directly East toward Boise, Idaho, when the objects were ob-
served to his left in the vicinity of Shafer Butte. [redacted] on Joel Scott Look-
City World Aeronautical Map No. 505 as being 045o true and 028o magnetic North of
Shafer Butte. Altitude of Shafer Butte, as listed, is 7,591 feet and the distance
from Highway 20 to Shafer Butte is approximately 18 airline miles. [redacted] 
the place of observation as reported by [redacted]. (see par. 4, supra).

12. [redacted] further stated that he was first attracted by a silvery object
in the Western sky over Shafer Butte and that this object disappeared and there im-
mediately appeared five other object-flying in "V" formation. The objects ap-
peared to be in a low spiral left-down, circling to the left. Each of the objects
appeared to be as large or larger than a B-29 aircraft [redacted] that they
were not small, but appeared to be large, lumbering objects. The objects could be
compared to the size of a silver dollar at a distance of about ten miles. [redacted]

UNCENSORED

UNCLASSIFIED

---

- page 36 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

OCR Output:

```
Case File #24-26
DO #20, McChord AFB                                                        UNCLASSIFIED

further stated that the color of these objects was silver on top, described as
being extremely brilliant and even bordering on a flash effect, and the bottom was
black or very dull, as determined by the fact that he felt to be lose sight of
them when they turned in a position showing only what he felt to be almost edges.
The shape of the objects could not easily be recalled or described. The
best description he could give was that they were the shape of a silver dollar cut
in half, or a half circle, with a tiny point in the center of the arc in the front
of the object.

13. ****** further stated that the altitude of the objects sighted would be
very difficult to estimate, in that when working four dimensions one can only guess
at distances that perhaps 12,000, 13,000 or 14,000 feet was the altitude, with a
let-down of between 2,000 to 4,000 feet, as nearly as he could estimate. He stated
that the direction of his observation was to his left, in a West by Northwest direc-
tion, approximately 9:30 o'clock. When last seen, the objects appeared to be ap-
proximately 7:30 o'clock, travelling skyward. He stated that the distance from the
point of his observation to the objects would again be very difficult to estimate,
but that he would judge between eight to twelve or fifteen miles; that the flight
of the objects was Southwesterly. He further stated that the length of time the
objects were within his sight could not have been over five minutes; that as far as
the velocity is concerned, an F-51 aircraft could have overtaken the objects when
they were descending in a spiral formation, and that they seemed to be in look-out
for each other because they remained in an almost perfect formation. However, when their
course changed and they took off into the sky, nothing that he knows of today could
have been able to equal or even approximate their speed. He further stated that
there was no sound, no exhaust, no vapor trail, no contrail and no other, that the
distance between each object appeared to be approximately two wing spans of a B-29.
He further stated that so far as their luminosity is concerned, they were extremely
brilliant on the upper side and their bottom sides were extremely dull. They had
no projections, such as fins, wings, rods, antennae or canopies, so far as he ob-
served. Their maneuvers were described above, as well as their manner of disappear-
ance. He stated that there was no physical effect on the clouds, inasmuch as
there was probably only approximately 2/10 coverage, the day being clear with high
Cirrus clouds. Weather conditions and light at the time of sighting the objects,
as stated by Municipal Terminal Weather Station exactly with the observation made by
the Boise Municipal Air Terminal to correspond exactly (see par. 9, supra).

14. ********* name was verified by his AGO Card and by his employer, the
Lewiston Tribune. He stated that at present he does not have a residence address
inasmuch as he has been in Lewiston, Idaho, only a short time, but that he can be
reached in care of the Lewiston Tribune as Assistant City Editor-Reporter. He
stated that at present his occupation is that of a newspaper reporter, and that his
hobbies are photography and flying. ******** first observed by this agent as wear-
ing glasses, but stated that they were used only for work and that they were not
needed. He did not recall whether or not he had them on at the time of his observa-
tion of the flying objects. He did state, however, that on the date the objects
were viewed the windows of his car were rolled down and that the objects were not
viewed through any transparent material, unless he happened to have had his glasses
on at the time, which would be unlikely.

                                                              UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 37 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a textual document, and I will now provide the text as an OCR would:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

Case File #24-26
DO #20, McChord AFB

15. ***** appeared to this agent to be of above average intelligence. As noted above, there was no indication, through law enforcement agencies, that he had ever been involved in any type of civil or criminal court action. He appeared to be extremely concerned and cautious as to whom he discussed the incident, and required complete identification of the interrogator. He stated that he did not use any type of dope and that he did not drink excessively, which points were verified by his employer, the Editor in Chief of the Lewiston Tribune, who stated that, although he had only known ***** for a short period of time, he appeared to be of above average intelligence and was considered a trustworthy and honorable employee. Photographs of ***** were taken and are attached as Exhibits "D", "E", and "F".

- REFERRED UPON COMPLETION TO OFFICE OF ORIGIN -

UNCLASSIFIED

---

Please note that parts of the text have been redacted with asterisks to anonymize personal information, as indicated by the black redaction marks in the document.

- page 38 -

The photograph in the document appears to show a view of a road with the horizon in the distance. The image is low-resolution and grainy, but what seems to be U.S. Highway 20 is visible, stretching through a rural area with few distinguishable features other than the road itself and the open landscape.

The text in the document reads:

```plaintext
CONFIDENTIAL
Case file #24-26
DO #20, McChord AFB
UNCLASSIFIED

PHOTOGRAPH SHOWING U. S. HIGHWAY #20, FACING EAST TOWARD BOISE,
IDAHO, AT A POINT APPROXIMATELY TEN MILES EAST OF CALDWELL, IDAHO;
THE DIRECTION OF TRAVEL OF OBSERVER, ________ AND THE
APPROXIMATE POINT AT WHICH SMITH REPORTED FIRST SIGHTING THE
UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS.

Taken by: J. E. RUTTLER, Special Agent, OSI
Camera: Ground, 4x5, type C-3
Setting: 100th sec. at F/16
Date taken: 10 June 49

UNCLASSIFIED

EXHIBIT "A"
```

The redaction marker seems to indicate the removal of personal information about the observer.

- page 39 -

The photograph shows a landscape with U.S. Highway 20, facing west toward Caldwell, Idaho. There are visible lines in the sky that appear to be contrails or some other aerial phenomena. Part of the highway is visible in the bottom right corner, and the rest of the image is a view of the sky and possibly a distant horizon.

Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Case File #24-26
DO #20, McChord AFB

UNCLASSIFIED

PHOTOGRAPH SHOWING U. S. HIGHWAY #20, FACING WEST TOWARD CALDWELL,
IDAHO, AT A POINT APPROXIMATELY THIRTEEN MILES WEST OF BOISE,
IDAHO; THE REVERSE DIRECTION OF TRAVEL OF OBSERVER,
AND THE APPROXIMATE POINT AT WHICH SMITH REPORTED FIRST SIGHTING
THE UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS.

Taken by: J. E. KUTTLER, Special Agent, OSI
Camera: Ground, 4x5, type C-3
Settings: 100th sec. at F/16
Date taken: 10 June 49

UNCLASSIFIED

EXHIBIT "B"
```

- page 40 -

