The image provided is a scanned document page and it does not contain photographs.

Here is the text from the document:

----
PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
27 June 1949 27/0740Z

2. LOCATION
Kirkland AFB, New Mexico

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
W to E

8. PHOTOS
o Yes
X No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
o Yes
X No

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
No data presented to indicate object could not have been an A/C.
Object was slightly larger than the bright edt star visible, and slightly more orange. Round. At times object flared up and seemed to have a short, very faint fan-shaped trail. As object slowed, light faded, when speed increased object grew brighter.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.
----

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this document.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

INCIDENT NO. 365

1. Date of Observation: 27 June 1949         Date of Interview:    27 June 1949
2. Exact Time (local) 0130 - 0140
3. Place of Observation Kirkland AFB, N. M.
4. Position of observer 2nd Floor of Barracks
5. What attracted attention to object: Movement
6. Number of objects 1
7. Apparent size Slightly larger than brightest star visible.
8. Color of object Similar to a star, slightly more orange.
9. Shape Round
10. Altitude Approx. 30 degrees at first almost at zenith at disappearance.
11. Direction from observer First upon 250° last soon 11
12. Distance from observer Unable to estimate
13. Direction of flight of object(s) West to East
14. Time in sight Approx. 2 Minutes
15. Speed 1:30 m. - 2 Minutes
16. Sound and odor: None
17. Trail At tires object flared up and seemed to have a short, very faint fan-shaped trail.
18. Luminosity Self luminous
19. Projections None
20. Maneuvers As object slowed, light faded, when speed increased object grew brighter.
21. Manner of disappearance Wt Went behind obstacle.
22. Effect on clouds No clouds
23. Additional information concerning object

24. Weather Conditions Clear, dark

(over)

UNCLASSIFIED

---------
```

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image.

The text in the document is as follows:

```
UNCLASSIFIE:

Page 2                                        Incident 385
Name and address of obs:rv:r: | REDACTED |7th District OSI
                                               Klrklond AFB, Now loxico

Occupation and hobbies; Clerk Typist, Security div., 17th Dist. OSI

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelilgenu and character of obs:rvor(s);

For original report, See Incident 382.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY;

UNCLASSIFIE.
```

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

Incident No. _____

1. Date of Observation 27 June 19__
   Date of Interview 27 June 19__

2. Exact time of observation (local) 0138 to 0___

3. Place of Observation: Kirtland AFB, N.M.
   (Map Coordinates)

4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details):
   Second floor, Barracks T-458, south window

5. What attracted attention to object: Movement

6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping:

7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or
   (fist at arms length):
   Slightly larger than the brightest stars visible

8. Color of object: Similar to star - slightly more orange

9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object):
   Round

10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90°
    overhead):
    Apxx. 30 degrees at first- almost at zenith at disappearance

11. Direction from qbspryer (Angl'o alocakwise from north):
    Sighted at 250 degrees, lost at 110 degrees

12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldgs, etc., over which object
    appeared to be);
    Unable to estimate

13. Direction of flight of object (s):
    West to east

14. Time in sight
    appx 2 1/2 minutes

15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance).
    140 degrees in 2 minutes time

16. Sound and odor:
    None

UNCLASSIFIED

A/ C
```

I have reproduced the text as is, including any typographical errors or omissions that appear in the original document.

- page 4 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text extracted from the document as requested:

---
Page 2
Guide to Investigation Incident Nr.______
17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.)

At times object flared up and seemed to have a short, very faint, fan-
shaped trail

18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescent, other - degree of
brilliance)

Self luminous

19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.)

None

20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. - sketch of flight path):

Object slowed down, apparently, and light faded; then as speed increased 
the light would flare up and the faint trail would be visible

21. Manner of disappearance:

Went behind building

22. Effect on clouds:

No clouds

23. Additional information concerning object:

see sketch

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting:

clear and dark

Name and address of observer: [REDACTED] _____ 17th District OSI,

Occupation and hobbies: Clerk typist, Security Division, 17th District OSI

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer
(Check neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employer, etc.):
CAICOR has prepared most of previous IET forms from this office and is 
familiar with the requirements of observation. Is exceptionally
intelligent and has a good character.

Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of sighting,
or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material?
Saw partly through window glass.

UNCLASSIFIED
---

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather it appears to be a diagram or chart of some kind with various symbols and lines. The symbols are mostly asterisks of various sizes, scattered across the page, with a bold line curving upwards from the lower left to the upper right and intersecting with a horizontal line. The word "START" is positioned at the beginning of the curved line, and there is text along the line that appears to be annotations, though it's not clear without more context.

Here is the text as if I'm acting as an OCR system:

---
START

MILKY WAY

END
---

- page 6 -

