The image provided seems to be the cover of a document, and it does not contain any photographs. It is rather a grey dossier with various texts and markings. 

Here is the text from the document:

```
K243.6008
419/02/100

RETURN TO
The Albert F. Simpson
Historical Research Center
Maxwell AFB, AL 36112

Project SIGN

UNCLASSIFIED

7-3745    -4/11

1003281
```

Please note that the text in the blacked-out area is not legible and thus not included.

- page 1 -

The image you have provided does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page of a document with text. I will now act as an OCR system and provide the text output:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

RECOMMENDATIONS

Future activity on this project should be carried on at the
minimum level necessary to record, summarize, and evaluate the
data received on future reports and to complete the specialized 
investigations now in progress. When and if a sufficient number
of incidents are solved to indicate that these sightings do not
represent a threat to the security of the nation, the assignment 
of special project status to the activity could be terminated. 
Future investigations of reports would then be handled on a routine 
basis like any other intelligence work.

Reporting agencies should be impressed with the necessity 
for getting more factual evidence on sightings, such as photographs,
physical evidence, radar sightings, and data on size and shape. 
Personnel sighting such objects should engage the assailant stance of
others, when possible, to get more defining data. For example,
military pilots should notify neighboring bases by radio of the 
presence and direction of flight of an unidentified object so 
that other observers, in flight or on the ground, could assist 
in its identification.

v11
UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that some minor errors in transcription might occur due to image quality or OCR limitations.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a typed document page. Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

CONCLUSIONS

No definite and conclusive evidence is yet availabl;, that
would prove or disprove the existence of these unidentified objects
as real aircraft of unknown and unconventional configuration.
It is unlikely that positive proof of their existence will be ob-
tained without examination of the remains of crashed objects.
Proof of non-existence is equally impossible to obtain unless
a reasonable and convincing explanation is determined for each
incident.

Many sightings by qualified and apparently reliable witnesses
have been reported. However, each incident has unsatisfactory
features, such as shortness of time under observation, distance
from observer, vagueness of description or photographs, incon-
sistencies between individual observers, and lack of descriptions
data, that prevents definite conclusions being drawn. Explanations,
of some of the incidents revealed the existance of simple and
easily understandable causes, so that there is the possibility
that enough incidents can be solved to eliminate or greatly reduce
the mystery associated with these occurrences.

Evaluation of reports of unidentified objects is a necessary
activity of military intelligence agenies esp. Such sightings are
inevitable, and under wartime conditions rapid and convincing solu-
tions of such occurrences are necessary to maintain morale of
military and civilian personnel. In this respect, it is considered
that the establishment of procedures and training of personnel is
in itsalf worth the effort expende on this project.

vi

UNCLASSIFIED

(Note: The document contains a few typographical errors, which have been transcribed as they appear in the image.)

- page 3 -

There are no photographs present in the displayed document page.

Here's the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

DISCUSSION

Organization of Data on Incidents

Approximately 243 domestic Incidents have been reviewed, at the present time. In each incident, the observers have been interrogated by investigators and the results have been analyzed by technical personnel.

Condensed summaries have been prepared for the list of incidents in sufficient quantity to make the basic information easily available to individuals or agencies having an authority or an interest in the project. (See Appendix A).

A detailed check list, compiled by technical personnel, indicating the basic elements of information, necessary for analysis of the individual incidents, has been prepared and distributed to appropriate government agencies.

In order to identify ordinary and conventional objects, that have probably been included in the list of reported incidents, graphical methods have been applied, so as to present the basic data in such form that overt fall facts, implicit in the grouped data, will be made apparent. (See Appendix B).

The prepared graphical data includes:

(a) Charts concerning unidentified aerial objects, to indicate:

1. Type of object observed
2. Vicinity in which particular type of object was observed
3. Direction of flight

(b) Locations of guided missiles, research and related centers

(c) Locations of airlines, airfields, both military and commercial.

(d) Locations of radio beacon stations

(e) Known or projected radar stations from which reports and assistance may be derived

(f) Meteorological stations from which balloon release data, radiosonde or theodolite readings may be obtained

(g) Past, current, and projected celestial phenomena

(h) Flight path of migratory birds

- 1 - UNCLASSIFIED

S-11750
---

- page 4 -

The image provided shows a page of typed text, which appears to be from an official document. There are no photographs present in this image. Here is the text output as requested:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

Psychological Analysis

A psychological analysis of the reported data is being pre-
pared by Aero-medical Laboratory, A.M.C., for the purpose of de-
termining those incidents that are probably based upon errors of
the human mind and senses. A preliminary verbal report from the
professional psychologists indicates that a considerable number
of incidents can be explained as ordinary occurrences that have
been mispresented, as the result of human errors.

The condition of "vertigo", well known to airplane pilots,
as well as others, is considered to be an important factor in
some of the reported incidents. "Vertigo" is defined from a
medical viewpoint by Webster's Dictionary as "Dizziness or swim-
ming of the head; a disturbance in which objects, though stationary,
appear to move in various directions, and the person affected finds
it difficult to maintain an erect posture. It may result from
change in the blood supply of the brain or from disease of the
blood, eyes, ears, stomach, or other organs."

Accelerations, resulting from airplane maneuvers, together with
spaoe-orientation difficulties at night and in heavy clouds, due to
the lack of or strangeness of visual references, makes a condition
of "vertigo" more likely to appear in personnel in night-flying
aircraft than under more normal conditions. The fact that both
pilot and co-pilot may report the same impressions is not complete
proof of accuracy, since both individuals have experienced the
same maneuvers and accelerations and have viewed the same lights
and surroundings under the same optical conditions (including
the same windshield and canopy glass).

A more complete discussion of psychological factors is expected
to be provided in a future, highly important, report. Quite probably, some
of the incidents of cases status are involving "flights" in persons at
both the air and ground observers, are the result of "vertigo" or
optical illusions.

Strictly speaking, no engineering analysis of an incident
should be initiated until the psychological analysis has been
made and has shown that psychological factors cannot explain the
observation.

Agencies, Outside Air Materiel Command, Supplying Information and
Analysis

Specialist services, supplementary to those of Air Materiel
Command technical office, are being provided by a number of agen-
cies.

Th. Air Weather Service has reviewed the list of inciderits
and has provided the information that twenty-four of them coincide,
both with respect to location and time, with the release of
weather balloons.

- 2 - UNCLASSIFIED S-11750

---

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page of a document with text. Here is the optical character recognition (OCR) output of the text:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

The Ohio State University has contracted with Air Materiel
Command to supply astronomical services in effort to identify
meteors, planetoids and associated phenomena. Professor Hynek,
Ohio State University Astro-Physicist and head of the University
Observatory has undertaken to review the incident summary sheets.
While this work has not yet been completed, Professor Hynek has
reported verbally that he is satisfied that a number of the re-
ported observations represent astro-physical phenomena.

Members of the Scientific Advisory Board to the Chief of
Staff, USAF, who have provided consultant services to Project "Sign,"
include Dr. Irving Langmuir, Chief, General Electric Research
and Dr. G. E. Valley of MIT.

A preliminary type of interview has been held between Dr.
Langmuir and personnel of Project "Sign" during early stages of
the project. It is intended to consult further with Dr. Langmuir
in an effort to supplement present technical efforts toward iden-
tifying the reported objects.

Dr. G. B. Valley has displayed an active interest in Project
"Sign", to the extent of reviewing the reports and incidents and
writing an overall type of analysis in which he groups the various
objects and then analyzes each group from the standpoint of scien-
tific feasibility. This analysis is provided as Appendix (C) to
this report.

Inasmuch as various surmises have been advanced that some of
the reported observations may have represented "space ships" or
satellites vehicles, a special study has been initiated with
the Rand Corporation, under the Rand Project, to provide an analysis
from this standpoint and also to provide fundamental information,
pertaining to the basic design and performance characteristics
that might distinguish a possible "space ship."

As a preliminary undertaking, the Rand Project has submitted
a study by Dr. Klipp in which the possibility is explored of any
plant in the known universe being in a physical and cultural,
position to allow the development and use of the "space ship".
This study has been prepared in the form of a report that is pre-
sented as Appendix (D).

The Weather Bureau Library of the Department of Commerce has
supplied information on "ball lightning". This was requested be-
cause of the belief by some persons that some of the observations
may have represented "ball lightning". It appears that the sub-
ject of "ball lightning" occupies an undetermined status and
authorities are not at all convinced that such a phenomena actually
exists.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation has assisted Project "Sign"
in a number of instances, both by investigations of the character
and reliability of witnesses of incidents and by providing other
investigative services.

- 3 UNCLASSIFIED S-11750
```

- page 6 -

The image contains text only; there is no photograph present. Here is the output of all the text found in the document as if processed by OCR:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Considerations Affecting Analysis and Evaluation

OPERATIONAL

Inasmuch as there is a distinct possibility that a number of the reported incidents represent domestic projects of a secur- ity-classified nature, the list of incidents has been submitted to higher echelons for review.

Since weather balloons, blimps, airplanes of unusual size or configuration, and guided missiles test vehicles may represent some of the observed objects, all branchles[s] have to submit information to one of the vehicles and flights of such craft from the appropriate agencies.

In connection with the psychological studies being performed, extensive investigations, concerning the character and reliability of the reporting witnesses have been made.

TECHNICAL

A certain proportion of incidents appear to be real aircraft, though of unconventional configuration. In order to investigate the credibility of their existence the following factors must be considered in any technical analysis.

Aircraft

Method of Support (Lift)

Wings Fuselage Lift (Wingless) Rotor Vertical Jet Magnus Effect (rotating cylinder, cone or sphere, subjected to relative translational air velocity) Aerostatic (lighter-than-air craft)

Method of Propulsion (Thrust)

Propeller-reciprocating engine combination Jet, rocket, ramjet (utilizing conventional fuels and oxidants or possibly atomic energy) Aerodynamic (Katzmayr Effect - oscillating airfoils developing negative drag (thrust)

If an atomic energy powered engine were available, a small mass flow at a large velocity could accomplish the required lift and propulsive forces and the large energy expenditure would be of small importance.

However, the heat exchange requirements for the atomic powered engine appear to demand physical dimensions of inordinate size that presently would preclude the use of this powerplant for aircraft.

- 4 - S-11750

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 7 -

There is no photograph in the image provided.

Here is the text as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

In addition, manned aircraft would require an excessive
percent weight of shielding for human protection, unless configura-
tions of extremely large size were used. If unshielded craft
were in operation, existing detection means would probably have
indicated their presence.

Metallurgical limitations to date, limit the rate of con-
verting the heat energy of the atomic source to useful propulsive
work to such an ineffective order of magnitude that such a power
system is quite unlikely from the standpoint of size and weight.

Stability

Aerodynamic (both static and dynamic through the use of
aerodynamic surfaces and weight distribution).

Servo-mechanism (gyro or accelerometer - servomotor system)

Control

Movable surfaces in airflow or jet

Jet (flow control or swiveling types).

Possible Spaceships

World knowledge, techniques, and resources are considered
to be presently adequate for the development of spaceships.

Distinguishing design and performance parameters are ex-
pected to be supplied as a special study by the Rand Project.

Probable Natural Phenomena

Astrophysical (meteors, comets, planetoids, etc.)
Astrophysical analysis is expected to be performed by
personnel of Ohio State University Research Foundation.

Electromagnetic (ball lightning, St. Elmo's Fire, Phos-
phorescence, corona, etc.).

Ordnance Items

While this analysis considers the reported objects largely
from the standpoint of aircraft with requirements for speed and
substantial duration of flight and range; it is entirely possible
that the configurations reported in small sizes could serve as
very useful ordnance items to take the place of (or supplement)
such short-range weapons of ground (infantry) warfare as the trench
mortar, hand grenades, etc. The small saucer-like, spinning,

- 5 - S-11750

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a scanned document page and does not contain any photographs, only typed text. Here is the text produced as an OCR might output:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

disks, reportedly under development by the USSR with the aid of
German scientists, lying >explosive eggs< and launched by a com-
pressed air catapult, or gasolin in the manner of clay pigeons pro-
jectecd by a trapmechanism) could possibly be ordinance articles.
Also, such devices could be used by aircraft in attacking enemy
airplane formations. In such cases, only a moddest speed, short
range, and limited flight duration would be required, hence the
aerodynamic effiiciency of the design would not be of very much
importance.

Insufficient Information for Even 'Possible' or Hypothetical
Type Determination'.

Discredited Reports

Erroneous (See Discussion, Psychological Errors)

False

Technical Analysis of Various Configurations

The extreme lack of data for each of the incidents that hav
been reported makes it presently impossible to accurately identify
any of the reported craft with respect to design and performance.
Technical analysis must be made by considering possibiilities and
probabilities, with a grasp expecteed to prove real or proved only
when complete data or physical specimens of aircraft (crash) are
available. Unidentified aerial objects appear to be grouped as
follows:

(1) Flying disks (saucers)
(2) Torpedo or Cigar Shapd Bodies (no wings or fins visible

     in flight)
(3) Spherical or Balloon-Shape Objacts(capable of hovering,
     descending, ascending or travelling at high speed).
(4) Balls of light (no apparent physical form sttached) 
     Capable of maneuvering, climbing,and travelling at high
     speeds.

The first three groups of objects are capable of flight
through the atmosphere by means of aerodynamic and propulson de-
signs (to produce the required lift and thrust) that are readily
conceivable by aeronautical designers. The stabilizing and con-
trol features that would be required, while more obscure, could
conceivably be provided. The queston arises, however, as to
whether these configurations would develop much speed and allow
a sufficient duration of flight and adequate range to be of prac-
tical use as aircraft.

Flying Disks

The disk or circular planform has not been used in nrepresent-
tative aircraft, either military or civilian, for the reason that
the induced drag, as determined by the Prandtl theory of lift, would

                                          UNCLASSIFIED
                                          S-11750
                                          - 6 -
```

Please note that due to the quality and age of the document, there may be errors or inaccuracies in the transcription.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it is a page of text from a document. I will proceed to output the text as an OCR would:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

apparently be excessively high, since the aspect ratio of a cir-
cular planform is only 1.27. Extension of the Prandtl theory,
has also shown that the maximum possible lift coefficient to be
expected from such low aspect ratio platforms should also be 
poor. In addition, the relatively large mean aerodynamic chord
would present difficult design problems, to achieve static longit-
udinal stability for aircraft sections having a significant center-
of-pressure travel, or for foil sections of some filled "camber"
type, when equipped with ailerons at the trailing edge.

In the very low aspect ratio range, the Prandtl theory is
probably very inaccurate. Wind-tunnel tests of very low aspect
ratio airfoils indicate much less induced drag increases than ex-
pected from theory and also demonstrate very high maximum lift
coefficient accompanied by extremely high stalling angles. How-
ever, in general the induced drag of very low aspect ratio wings
is much larger than the induced drag of conventional aircraft
wings, a condition which would adversely affect all performance
values in flight conditions which require medium and high lift
coefficients. Thus, performance in climb, at altitude, and for
long-range conditions would be relatively poor, although high
speed would be little affected.

Notwithstanding the predicated aerodynamic disadvantages of 
circular planform wings, quite a number of experimental efforts
have been made to use this configuration on and move at temps
by persons important or aerodynamic fundamentals. Experimental
wind-tunnel work at the NACA (1933) showed both maximum lift co-
efficients and stall characteristics much more favorable than
could be anticipated.

The problem of static longitudinal stability could possibly
be solved by the use of a stable airfoil section of the reflexed,
trailing edge type with wing tip ailerons (perhaps floating) aero-
dynamically independent of the wing.

At supersonic speeds, where the induced drag is small,
the circular planform offers the probability of reduced drag,
characteristic of low aspect ratio airfoils in the supersonic
range. Also the circular planform presents a swept-back leading
edge (of variable sweep angle the span), which should result in
a reduced effective Mach Number, with attendant reduced drag for
a certain supersonic speed range.

No definite information has been received on the method of
propulsion used on flying disks which have been sighted. However,
because of distance factors involved in the sightings it is quite
possible that other propulsions or Jet propulsion could have been
employed without being noted by the observer.

Flying Fuselages (Torpedo or Cigar-Shaped Body)

While the cigar or torpedo-shaped body represents an efficient
form for the fuselage of an airplane or the body of a guided missile,
     
     - 7 -                                     S-11750
UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page of text with the heading "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page. Below is the text from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

In neither case has it been used as a primary lift-producing surface. However, an extension of the Prandtl theory of lift indicates that a fuselage of the dimensions reported by the Eastern Airlines pilots Whited and Chiles in the Montgomery, Alabama, incident could support a load comparable to weight of an aircraft of this size at flying speeds in the subsonic range. The Prandtl theory probably gives very conservative values of maximum lift for bodies of this shape. German experience indicates that the maximum lift may be twice as high as that given by the theory.

Although the craft sighted by Whited and Chiles was reported to be without wings and fins, it is possible that it could have been equipped with extensible wings for take-off and landing, contained within the fuselage in cruising flight.

This type of aircraft could also be partially supported in the take-off and landing condition by the vertical component of the jet thrust, if the longitudinal-to-vertioal component of thrust occurs at the rear aft and the jet or its wake is well within the fuselage axis, or the jet stream possibility in a vertical or nearly vertical attitude. The further drag resultant that an extensible rotor, concealed within the fuselage, could have been used, would provide another method for landing and take-off that would allow wingless flight at very high speed. Such a design could result in a relatively large duration of flight and corresponding range.

While no stabilizing fins were apparent on the "flying sausage" reported by Whited and Chiles, it is possible that vanes within the jet, operated by a gyro-servo system could have provided static stability, longitudinally, directionally and laterally. The same vanes could also have been used for accomplishing static balance or trim, as well as control for maneuvering.

The above discussion regarding weight, controllability, stability, etc. is not intended to represent deductions regarding the exact nature of the torpedo or cigar-shaped aircraft which were sighted by the airline pilots, Whited and Chiles, and others. They are merely statements of possibilities, which are intended to show that such an aircraft could support and control itself by aerodynamic means.

The propulsive system of this type of vehicle would appear to be a jet or rocket engine. The specific fuel consumption of engines of this type would be rather high. This, coupled with the fact that aerodynamic lift on such a body would be accompanied by high drag, places a serious limitation on the range of this ant aircraft for any particular gross weight. If, this type of unidentified aerial object has extremely long range, it is probable that the method of propulsion is one which is far in advance of presently known engines.

Round Objects (Spherical- and Balloon-Shaped Objects)

Spherical- or balloon-shaped objects, are not usually considered as efficient aircraft. Not only would the drag of such bodies be high, but the energy expenditure that would be required to develop lift by aerodynamic means would be excessive. The only conceivable

UNCLASSIFIED
S-11750

---

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph but features a cover page of a document with text and logos. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

Technical Report                     No. F-TR-2274-IA
                                                 LAST SERIAL LAB. 
                                                   5412
                                                   REQN. TO:
UNDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS             REFUND TO:
                                                  9-110240
PROJECT "SIGN"

AMC

                                                                     Release Date:
                                                                     February 1949

HEADQUARTERS

AIR MATERIEL COMMAND

WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE

DAYTON, OHIO                                  UNCLASSIFIED

S-11750-1Q

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10

WRIGHT AIR DEVELOPMENT CENTER

[Several redaction marks and stamps, including SMC and a stamp that appears to read 17405, and the AMC (Air Materiel Command) logo with the words "INTELLIGENCE DEPARTMENT" encircling it are visible on the page. There are also handwritten marks including "K1462624", "4/10/60", and possibly "3/10" in various locations.]

W.Hi.-O.:JU 48 10M
---

- page 12 -

There are no photographs in the image you've provided.

Transcription of text:

UNCLASSIFIED
means of producing lift for such a body, other than by aerostatic (simple buoyancy) means, would be by rotation of the sphere with translational motion relative to the air; or by discharging a stream of air vertically downward. Aerodynamic flight could be accomplished with a rotating sphere, provided the detailed design problems, including stability and control were worked out. The methods, using a blower system or jets, would require the use of greatly amounts of energy and while they could be used for flights of very short range and duration, would not ordinarily be considered as practical by aeronautical designers.

The obvious explanation for most of the spherical shaped objects is that they are meteorological or similar type balloons. This, however, does not explain reports that the travel at high speed or maneuver rapidly. It is possible that the movement of the objects was some kind of an optical illusion, or that movement for a brief period due to a gas leak in the balloon was exaggerated by observers.

Balls of Light

No reasonable hypothesis of the true nature of balls of light, such as that reported by Lt. Governor at Fargo, N. Dakota, has been developed that explains the observations reported. The most reasonable explanation is that the lights were suspended from balloons, or other means of support, not visible at night, and the violent maneuvers reported are due to illusion.

Probability of Scientific Developments In Advance of Knowledge In This Country.

Consideration has been given to the possibility that these unidentified aircraft represent scientific developments beyond the level of knowledge attained in this country. Since this is probably the most advanced of the industrial nations on the earth, and our interest in scientific developments throughout the world is very active, it would be necessary for any other country to conduct research and development work in extreme secrecy for any such project to have reached such an advanced state of development without a hint of its existence becoming known here. The only nation on earth with extensive technical resources which has such rigid security, is the U.S.S.R. An objective evaluation of the ability of the Soviets to produce technical development so far in advance of the rest of the world results in the conclusion that the possibility is extremely remote. Most of the successful Soviet aeronautical developments have been produced by utilizing experience of other nations, some of them being very close copies, so it is very unlikely that they have developed the propulsion and control devices necessary to make these objects preform as described.

Another possibility is that these aerial objects are visitors from another planet. Little is known of the probabilities of life on other planets, so there is no basis on which to judge the possibility that civilizations far in advance of ours exist outside of the Rand projection on this possibility by Dr. James Lipp. The comment in Appendix B indicates that this solution of the mystery connected with the sighting of unidentified flying

UNCLASSIFIED
- 9 -
S-11750

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

The text on the document reads:

UNCLASSIFIED
objects is extremely improbable. Pending elimination of all
other solutions or definite proof of the nature of these objects,
this possibility will not be further explored.

- 10 -  S-11750

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs, just textual information. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

APPENDIX "A"

Distribution of Incident Summaries:

Air Materiel Command

Aero Medical Laboratory (MCIREXD)
Weathr Liaison (MCIWLWS)
Research and Development (MCIREOS)
Electronic Devices (MCIRED)
Technical Intelligence, Technical Sections (MCI)

Other Agencies

Directorate of Intelligence, Hq., USAF (AFOIR)
Offices of Naval Intelligence (ONI)
Cambridge R1g1d Station, Cambridge, Mass.
Air Weather Services, Andrews AFB, Washington, D.C.
Ohio State University, Dr. Hynek
Rand Inc., Rand Project (USAF)
Scientific Advisory Board (USAF) Dr. Valley

S-11750

11 UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned page of a document with text and markings. Here is the text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
"APPENDIX B"
———
12              UNCLASSIFIED
S-11750

- page 16 -

The image contains a bar graph but does not contain a photograph of any subjects like UFOs or other objects. The graph depicts the number of sightings of different shapes of unidentified flying objects based on reported incidents.

The text in the document states:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED

Sightings By Shape
Incidents #1 - #203

Disc              Sphere                Cylinder              Oval              Winged               Cone               Square            Parachute          Hoax            Undetermined  

UNCLASSIFIED

S-11750
```

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It's a graph with the title and legend denoting that it's related to UFO sightings. The graph appears to show the intensity of such sightings over a period from 1947 to 1949. Below is the text contained in the image, transcribed as an OCR system would:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

All Shapes Incidents 1-233
Intensity of Sightings - By Date

1947                                              1948                                              1949

50
48
46
44
42
40
38
36
34
32
30
28
26
24
22
20
18
16
14
12
10
8
6
4
2
0
Jan 47                  Mar Apr Jun 47         Aug Sep47 Oct                  Dec 47                                         Jan 48                Mar Apr 48             Jun Jul 48          Aug Sep 48 Oct                    Dec 48                                          Jan 49

UNCLASSIFIED
S-11750
```

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a chart or graph titled "Disc Shapes - Incidents 1-233 Intensity of Sightings - By Date" presenting data for the years 1947, 1948, and 1949, with the y-axis showing the number of incidents from 0 to 25 and the x-axis showing the months from July 1947 to June 1949. There is a peak in the number of sightings in July 1947.

Here is the OCR output of all the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Disc Shapes - Incidents 1-233
Intensity of Sightings - By Date

    25
    24
    23
    22
    21
    20
    19
    18
    17
    16
    15
    14
    13
    12
    11
    10
    9
    8
    7
    6
    5
    4
    3
    2
    1
    0
   July    Aug     Sep     Oct    Nov    Dec    Jan    Feb    Mar    Apr    May    June    July    Aug     Sep     Oct    Nov    Dec    Jan    Feb    March    April    May    June
 1947                           1948                                    1949

UNCLASSIFIED
                                                                                                                                    S-11750
```

- page 19 -

The image shows a chart, not a photograph. Below is the text as an output of an OCR system:

UNCLASSIFIED

Ball Shape Incidents 1-233
Intensity of Sightings by Mo.

25
24
23
22
21
20
19
18
17
16
15
14
13
12
11
10
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1
0

1947 1948 1949

Jan 1947                Feb Mar Apr May June July Aug Sept Oct Nov Dec Jan 1948 Feb Mar Apr May June July Aug Sept Oct Nov Dec Jan 1949 Feb Mar

16 UNCLASSIFIED S-11750

- page 20 -

The image provided is a scanned page showing a graph, not a photograph. It is a chart from what appears to be a report on UFO sightings, specifically analyzing the intensity of sightings over a period of time.

The text read from the document is as follows:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

Miscellaneous Shapes (Other than Ball, Disc & Undetermined)
Incidents 1-233
Intensity of Sightings — By Date

1947                                       1948                                        1949

25
24
23
22
21
20
19
18
17
16
15
14
13
12
11
10
 9
  8
  7
  6
  5
  4
  3
  2
  1
  0

 Jan  Feb  Mar  Apr  May  June  July  Aug  Sep  Oct  Nov  Dec  Jan  Feb  Mar  Apr  May  June  July  Aug  Sep  Oct  Nov  Dec  Jan  Feb

17 UNCLASSIFIED                                                     S-117750

---

- page 21 -

The image is a scan of a document and does not contain a photograph but instead has a line graph. The document appears aged with some markings or spots from wear or scanning. Here is the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

Undetermined Shapes - Incidents 1-233
Intensity of Sightings - By Date

1947 1948 1949

UNCLASSIFIED
---

The graph shows peaks and valleys representing the intensity of sightings over a period from 1947 to 1949, with the highest peak appearing in 1947. The horizontal axis has months labeled from January 1947 to March 1949, while the vertical axis has numbers 0 to 25, likely indicating the number or intensity of sightings. The text at the bottom right corner of the image seems to be part of the classification note, perhaps indicating a page or document number: "UNCLASSIFIED 611750".

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image displays a document page with text content. Here is the output of the text as an OCR system:

---

NOTE

When drawings, specifications, and other data prepared by the War Department are furnished to manufacturers and others for use in the manufacture or purchase of supplies, or for any other purpose, the Government assumes no responsibility nor obligation whatever; and the furnishing of said data by the War Department is not to be regarded by implication or otherwise, or in any manner licensing the holder, or conveying any rights or permission to manufacture, use, or sell any patented inventions that may in any way be related thereto.

The information furnished herewith is made available for study upon the understanding that the Government’s proprietary interests in and relating thereto shall not be impaired. It is desired that the Patent & Royalties Section, Office of the Judge Advocate, Air Material Command, Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio, be promptly notified of any apparent conflict between the Government’s proprietary interests and those of others.

Espionage Act

Notice: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning the Espionage Act (U. S. C. 50; 31, 32). The transmission of this document or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. (AR 380-5, paragraph 11b.)

The above Espionage Notice can be disregarded unless this document is plainly marked with a security classification as “Restricted,” “Confidential,” “Secret,” or “Top Secret.”

The U. S. Government is absolved from any litigation which may ensue from the contractor’s infringing on the foreign patent rights which may be involved.

---

- page 23 -

The image you've provided does not contain a photograph. It is a text document. Below is the text as an OCR system would output:

---
UNCLASSIFIED
APPENDIX "C"

Some Considerations Affecting the Interpretation of Reports of
Unidentified Flying Objects

By
G.E. Valley, Member Scientific Advisory Board,
Office of the Chief of Staff, United States Air Force

The writer has studied summary abstracts and comments 
pertaining to unidentified flying objects, which were forwarded 
by Air Force Intelligence. These remarks are divided into 
three main parts: the first part is a short summary of the 
reports; the second part consists of a general survey of 
various possibilities of accounting for the reports; the third 
part contains certain recommendations for future action.

PART I -- SHORT SUMMARY OF OBSERVATIONS

The reports can be grouped as follows:

Group 1 -- The most numerous reports indicate the daytime 
observation of metallic disk-like objects, roughly in diameter 
ten times their thickness. There is some suggestion that the 
cross section is asymmetrical and rather like a turtle shell. 
Reports agree that these objects are capable of high acceler-
ation and velocity; they often are sighted in groups, sometimes 
in formation. Sometimes they flutter.

Group 2 -- The second group consists of reports of lights 
observed at night. These are also capable of high speed and 
acceleration. They are less commonly seen in groups. They 
usually appear to be sharply defined luminous objects.

Group 3 -- The third group consists of reports of various 
kinds of rockets, in general appearing somewhat like V-2 
rockets.

Group 4 -- The fourth group contains reports of various 
devices which, in the writer's opinion, are sounding balloons 
of unusual shape such as are made by the General Mills Company 
to Navy contract.

Group 5 -- The fifth group includes reports of objects 
in which little credence can be placed.

UNCLASSIFIED S-11750

19
---

- page 24 -

There is no photograph included in the provided image. Here is the text:

```
                         UNCLASSIFIED

General Remarks

   In general, it is noted that few, if any, reports
indicate the the observed objects make any noise or radio
interferences. Nor are there many indications of any material
effects or physical damage attributable to the observed of-
jects.

   Summary -- PART I

   This report will consider mainly the reports of Groups
1 and 2.

PART II -- ON POSSIBLE EXPLANATIONS OF THE REPORTS

   Section A -- What can be deduced concerning the nature of
an unknown aerial object from a single sighting?

   Here, there are two problems: first, how much can be
deduced concerning the nature of the objects from geometrical 
calculations alone; second, how much more can be deduced if, 
in addition, it is assumed that the objects obey the laws of
nature as we know them.

   Concerning the first problem, it can be stated that only
ratios of lengths, and rates of change of such ratios, can be
accurately determined. Thus, the range and size of such ob-
jects cannot be determined; and it is not clear that the shapes
or size of the observed objects are widely at variance. How-
ever, angles, such as the angle subtended by the object, can
be observed. Likewise there is fair agreement among several 
observers that the diameter of the objects of Group 1 is about
ten times their thickness. Although velocity cannot be deter-
mined, angular velocity can be, and in particular the flutter
frequency could, in prinicple, be determined.

   All that can be concluded about the range and size of the
objects, from geometrical considerations alone, is: 1) from
the fact that estimated sizes vary so widely, the objects were
actually either of different sizes, or more likely, that they
were far enough from the observers so that binocular vision
produced no stereoscopic effect; this only means that they
were farther off than about thirty feet; 2) since objects were
seen to disappear behind trees, buildings, clouds, etc., they
are large enough to be visible at the ranges of those recog-
nizable objects.

   Now, It is obviously of prime importance to estimate the
size and mass of the observed objects. This may be possible
to some extent if it is permissible to assume that they obey
the laws of physics. Since the objects have not been observed

                         UNCLASSIFIED - s-11750
                                 20
```

- page 25 -

No photograph is present in the image provided. The text from the document reads as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

to produce any physical effects, other than the one case in
which a cloud was evaporated along the trajectory, it is not
certain that this laws of mechanics, for instance, would be
sufficient. 

But suppose that mechanical laws alone are sufficient,
then the following example is sufficient proof that at least
a length could, in principle, be determined: suppose a simple
pendulum were observed suspended in the sky; then after ob-
serving its frequency of oscillation, we could deduce from
the laws of mechanics its precise length.

This suggests that something could be deduced from the
observed fluttering motion of some of the objects of Group I.
Assume that we know the angular frequency and singular ampli-
tude of this fluttering motion (they can be measured in prin-
ciple from a motion picture). Then for purposes of calculation
assume the object to be thirty feet in diameter, to be as rigid
as a normal aircraft wing of 30-foot span, to be constructed of
material of the optimum weight-strength ratio and to be
structure of most efficient design. In this analysis to cal-
culate how heavy the object must be merely to remain rigid un-
der the observed angular motion; i.e. the computation made
for a plurality of assumed sizes 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64 ver-
us to say 200 feet, and int all quoted mass be plotted versus
assumed size. The non-linear character of the curve should
indicate an approximate upper limit to the size of the object.

If, in addition, it is assumed that the flutter is due to
aerodynamic forces, it is possible that more precise informa-
tion could be obtained.

The required angular data can probably be extrated from
witnesses most reliably by the use of a demonstration model
which can be made to oscillate or flutter in a known way.

Summary - PART II, Section A

Geometrical calculators alone cannot yield the size of
objects observed from a single station; such observation to-
gether with the assumption that the objects are essentially
aircraft, can be used to get reasonable limits of size.

Section B - The possibility of supporting and propell-
ing a solid object by unusual means.

Since some observers have obviously colored their reports
with talk of rays, jets, beams, space-ships, and the like, it
is well to examine what possibilities exist along the IR lines.
This is also important in view of the conclusions of PART II,
Section A, of this report.

UNCLASSIFIED

S-11750

21

- page 26 -

The image you have provided is a typewritten page from a document and does not contain any photographs. Here is the text as an OCR system would output it:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Method I -- Propulsion and support by means of "rays"
or "beams".

By "rays" or "beams" are meant either purely electro-
magnetic radiation or else radiation which is largely
corpusculous like cathode-rays or cosmic-rays or cyclotron-
beams.

Now, it is obvious that any device propelled or supported
by such means is fundamentally a reaction device. It is fund-
amentally the theory of such devices that a given amount of
energy is most efficiently spent in the momentum thrown back
or down as large. This means that a large mass should be given
a small acceleration -- a theorem well understood by helicopter
designers.

The beams or rays mentioned do the contrary, a small mass
is given a very high velocity, consequently enormous powers,
greater than the total world's power capacity, would be needed
to support even the smallest object by such means.

Method II -- Direct use of Earth's Magnetic Field

One observer (Incident 58) noticed a violent motion of a
hand-held compass. If we assume from this that the objects
produced a magnetic field, coimparable with the Earth's fiUeld;
namely, 0.1 gauss, and that the observer found that the object
settled in angle o at his position, then the ampere-turns of
the required electromagnet is given by:

                                  30R
                     where R is the range of the object.
                                  o2
For instance, if R is cne kilometer and the object is 10 meters
in diameter, then # of 1 billion ampere-turns.

Now, if the object were actually only 10 meters away and
were correspondingly smaller, namely, 0.1 m in diameter, it
would still require 10 million ampere-turns.

These figures are a little in excess of what can be con-
veniently done on the ground. They make it seem unlikely that
the effect was actually observed.

Now, the Earth's magnetic field would react on such a
moment to produce not only a torque but also a force. This
force depends not directly on the Earth's field intensity but
on its irregularity or gradient. This force is obviously
minute since the change in field over a distance of 10 meters
(assumed diameter of the object) is scarcely measureable,
moreover the gradient is not predictable but changes due to
local ore deposits. Thus, even if the effect were large
enough to use, it would still be unreliable and unpredictable.

                                    UNCLASSIFIED

S-11750
22
```

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Here is the OCR text output from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

Method III - Support of an electrically charged object by causing it to move transverse to the Earth's magnetic field

A positively charged body moving from west to east, or a negatively charged body moving from East to West will experience an upward force due to the Earth's magnetic field.

A sphere 10 meters diameter moving at a speed of one kilometer/second would experience an upward force of one pound at the equator if charged to a potential of 5 x 10^12 volts. This is obviously ridiculous.

Section D - The anti-gravity shield

It has been proposed, by various writers, perhaps first by H.G. Wells, that it might be possible to construct a means of shielding a massive body from the influence of gravity. Such an object would still float. Recently, this appears in the press as a notice that a prominent economist has offered to support research on such an enterprise.

Obviously, conservation of energy demands that considerable energy be given the supported object in order to place it on the shield. However, this amount of energy is in no way prohibitive, and furthermore, it can be gotten back when the object lands.

Aside from the fact that we have no suggestions as to how such a device is to be made, the various theories of general relativity all agree in assuming that gravitational force and force due to acceleration are indistinguishable, and from this assumption, the theories predict certain effects which are in fact observed. The assumption, therefore, is probably correct, and a corollary of it is essentially that only by means of an acceleration on gravity be counteracted. This, we can successfully do for instance by making an artificial satellite, but this presumably is not what has been observed.

Summary - PART III, Section B

Several unorthodox means of supporting or propelling a solid object have been considered, all are impracticable. This finding lends credence to the tentative proposed assumption of Part III, that the objects are supported and propelled by some normal means, or else that they are not solids. No discussion of the type of Part II, Section 3, can, in principle, of course, be complete.

Section C - Possible causes for the reports.

Classification I - Natural terrestrial phenomena

1. The observations may be due to some effect such as

UNCLASSIFIED S-11750

23

---

- page 28 -

The image provided is a scanned document page with no photographs present, only text. Here is the text as it appears on the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

ball lightning. The writer has no suggestions on this essen-
tially meteorological subject.

2. The objects may be some kind of animal.

Even in the celebrated case of incident 172 where
the light was chased by a P51 for half an hour and which was
reported by the pilot to be intelligently directed, we can
make this remark. For considering that an intelligence 
capable of making so remarkable device would not be likely
to play around in so idle a manner as described by the pilot.

In this connection, it would be well to examine if 
some of the lights observed at night were not fire-flies.

3. The observed objects may be hallucinatory or psy-
chological in origin. It is of prime importance to study this
possibility because we can learn from it something of the 
character of the population: its responses under attack; and 
also something about the reliability of visual observation.

One would like to assume that the positions held 
by many of the reported observers guarantee their observations.
Unfortunately, we are too many reports of coulpe phenomena by 
pilots during the war -- the incident of the fire-ball fighters 
comes to mind. Further, mariners have been reporting sea-
serpents for hundreds of years yet no one has yet produced a 
photograph.

It would be interesting to tabulate the responses
to see how reliable were the reports on the Japanese balloons
during the war. There we had a phenomenon proven to be real.

It is interesting that the reports swiftly reach a 
maximum frequency during the end of June 1947 and then slowly
taper off. We can assume that this is actually an indication 
of how many objects were actually about, or, quite differently,
we can take this frequency curve as indicating something about
mass psychology.

This point can be tested. Suppose the population
is momentarily excited; how does the frequency of reports 
vary with time? A study of crank letters received after the 
recent publicity given to the satellite program should give 
the required frequency distribution.

It is probably necessary but certainly not suffi-
cient that the unidentified-object curve and the crank-letter
curve should be similar in order for the flying disks to be
classed as hallucinations.

UNCLASSIFIED

24 S-11750

---

- page 29 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. Here is the reproduced text from the image:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

A large-scale experiment was made at the time of
Orson Welles' "Martian" broadcast. Some records of this must
persist in newspaper files.

Classification II -- Man-made terrestrial phenomena

1. The objects may be Russian aircraft. If this were
so, then the considerations of Sections A and B indicate that
we would have plenty to worry about. It is the author's opinion
that only an accidental discovery of a degree of novelty
never before achieved could suffice to explain such devices.
It is doubtful whether a potential enemy would arouse our
curiosity in so idle a fashion.

Classification III -- Extra terrestrial objects

1. Meteors: It is noteworthy that the British physicist
Lovell writing in "Physics Today" mentions the radar discovery
of a new daytime meteorite stream which reached its maximum
during June 1947. The reported objects lose little of their
interest, however, if they are of meteoritic origin.

2. Animals: Although the objects as described act more
like animals than anything else, there are few reliable reports
on extra-terrestrial animals.

3. Space Ships: The following considerations pertain:

a. If there is an extra terrestrial civilization
which can make such objects as are reported then it is most
probable that its development is far in advance of ours. This
argument can be supported on probability arguments alone without
recourse to astronomical hypotheses.

b. Such a civilization might observe that on Earth
we now have atomic bombs and are fast developing rockets. In
view of the past history of mankind, they should be alarmed.
We should, therefore, expect at this time above all to behold
such visitations.

Since the acts of mankind most easily observed from a
distance are A-bomb explosions we should expect some relation
to obtain between the time of A-bomb explosions, the time at
which the space ships are seen, and the time required for such
ships to arrive from and return to home-base.

PART III -- RECOMMENDATIONS

1. The file should be continued.

2. A meteorologist should compute the approximate energy

UNCLASSIFIED
S-11750
25
```

Please note that since this is a historical document, the content and views expressed within it are reflective of the time at which it was created and do not represent current scientific consensus or understanding about extraterrestrial life or unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

- page 30 -

The image contains no photographs. 

Here is the text output from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

required to evaporate as much cloud as shown in the incident 26
photographs. Together with an aerodynamist he should examine
whether a meteorite of unusual shape could move as observed.

3. The calculations suggested in Part II, Section A, 
should be estimated by an aerodynamist with such changes as
his more detailed knowledge may suggest.

4. The mass-psychology studies outlined in Part II, 
Section C, Classification I 3 should be carried out by a com-
petent staff of statisticians and mass-psychologists.

5. Interviewing agents should carry objects or moving
pictures for comparison with reporters' memories. These
devices should be permanently joined by psychological
lend control problems pertaining to aircraft and design of air-
craft: In political import so that he shall ve some grasp of 
what it is that is to be found out. If the Air Force has 
reason to be seriously interested in these reports, it should
take immediate steps to interrogate the reporters more pre-
cisely.

6. A person skilled in the optics of the eye and of
the atmosphere should investigate the particular point that
several reports agree in describing the objects as being about
ten times as wide as they are thick; the point being to see if
there is a plurality of actual shapes which appear so, under
conditions approaching limiting resolution or detectable con-
trast.

UNCLASSIFIED         S-11750

26
---

- page 31 -

The image contains two small circular black-and-white photographs at the top. Both photographs seem to be visual representations of objects against a plain background, but due to the quality and size of the images, no further details can be provided.

Below is the text output from the document as requested:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

APPENDIX "D"

13 December 1948
AI-1009

Brigadier General Putt
United States Air Force
Director of Research and Development
Office, Deputy Chief of Staff, Materiel
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear General Putt:

Please refer to your letter of 18 November 1948 relative to the "Flying Object" problem and to Mr. Colborn's reply dated 24 November 1948. In paragraph (b) of the reply, Mr. Colborn promised (among other things) to send a discussion of the "special design and performance characteristics that are believed to distinguish space ships."

This present letter gives, in very general terms, a description of the likelihood of a visit from other worlds as an engineering problem and some points regarding the use of space vehicles as compared with descriptions of the flying objects. Mr. Colborn will deliver copies to Colonel McCoy at Wright-Patterson Air Base during the RAND briefing there within the next few days.

A good beginning is to discuss some possible places of origin of visiting space ships. Astronomers are largely in agreement that only one member of the Solon system (besides Earth) can support higher forms of life. It is the planet Mars. Even Mars appears quite desolate and inhospitable so that a race would be more occupied with survival than we are on Earth. Reference 1 gives adequate descriptions of conditions on the various planets and satellites. A quotation from Ref. 1 (p. 229) can well be included here.

"Whether intelligent beings exist to appreciate these
splendors of the Martian landscape is pure speculation.
If we have correctly reconstructed the history of Mars,
there is little reason to believe that the life processes
may not have followed a course similar to terrestrial
evolution. With this assumption, three general possibilit-
ities emerge. Intelligent beings may have protected
themselves against the excessively slow loss of atmos-
phere, oxygen and water, by ostensible homes and
cities.* With the physical conditions scientifically con-
"Water, large or other
where the atmospheric may be visible. Perhaps underground,
temperature extremes would be reduced."

27 UNCLASSIFIED S-11750
---

- page 32 -

The image presented does not contain a photograph. It is a page with only text. Here is the text output as requested:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

trolled. As a second possibility, evolution may have developed a being who can withstand the rigors of the Martian climate. Or the race may have perished.

"These possibilities have been sufficiently expanded in the pseudo-scientific literature to make further amplification superfluous. However, there may exist some interesting restrictions to the anatomy and physiology of a Martian. Rarity of the atmosphere, for example, may require a completely altered respiratory system for warm-blooded creatures. If the atmospheric pressure is much below the vapor pressure of water at the body temperature of the individual, the process of breathing with our type of lungs becomes impossible. On Mars the critical pressure for a body temperature of 98.6° F. occurs when a column of the atmosphere contains one sixth the mass of a similar column on the Earth. For a body temperature of 77°F. the critical mass ratio is reduced to about one twelfth, and at 60°F. to about one twenty-fourth. These critical values are of the same order as the values estimated for the Martian atmosphere. Accordingly the anatomy and physiology of a Martian may be radically different from ours – but this is all conjecture.

"We do not know the origin of life, even on the Earth. We are unable to observe any signs of intelligent life on Mars. The reader may form his own opinion. If he believes that the life force is universal and that intelligent beings may have once developed on Mars, he has only to imagine that they persisted for countless generations in a rare atmosphere which is nearly devoid of oxygen and water, and on a planet where the nights are much colder than our arctic winters. The existence of intelligent life on Mars is not impossible but it is completely unproven."

It is not too unreasonable to go a step further and consider Venus as a possible home for intelligent life. The atoms, to be sure, apparently do host tiny of carbon dioxide with deep clouds of suspended hydroplets, and the seems to be little or no water. Yet living organisms might develop in chemical environments that are strange to us; the vegetable kingdom, for example, operates on a fundamentally different energy cycle from Man. Bodies might be constructed and operated with different crisis and other physical principles than any of the creatures we know. One thing is evident: fishes, insects, and mammals all manufacture within their own bodies complex chemical compounds that do not exist as minerals. To this extent, life as self-sufficient and might well adapt itself to any environment within 'certain limits of temperature (and size or creature).

Venus has two handicaps relat'ive to Màrś. Her mass, and gravity, are nearly as large as for the Earth (Mars is smaller) and her

UNCLASSIFIED

S-11750

26
---

- page 33 -

No photograph is present in the image. The text from the document is as follows:

```
Technical Report                                                     UNCLASSIFIED
No. F-TR-2274-IA

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
PROJECT "SIGN"

L. H. Truetner
A. E. Deyarmond

(Project No. XS-304)

Approved by:

[Signature]
J. H. Carmell, Colonel, USAF
Chief, Technical Intelligence Division
Intelligence Department

For the Commanding General:

[Signature]
U. W. R. Quinn, Colonel, USAF
G. H. McCoy, Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Department

Published by
Technical Intelligence Division
Intelligence Department, Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio

Release Date:
February 1949

UNCLASSIFIED
S-11750

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided.

As requested, here is the text output from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

cloudy atmosphere would discourage astronomy, hence space travel. The remaining Solar planets are such poor prospects that they can be ignored.

In the next few paragraphs, we shall speak of Mars. It should be understood that most of the remarks apply equally well to Venus.

Various people have suggested that an advanced race may have been visiting Earth from Mars or Venus at intervals from decades to eons. Reports of objects in the sky seem to have been handed down through the generations. If this were true, a race of such knowledge and power would have established some form of direct contact. They could see that Earth's inhabitants would be helpless to do interplanetary harm. If afraid of carrying diseases home, they would at least try to communicate. It is hard to believe that any technically accomplished race would here, flaunt its ability in mysterious ways and then simply go away. To the writer, long-term practice of space travel implies advanced engineering and science, weapons and ways of thinking. It is no plausible (as many fiction writers do) to mix space ships with broadswords. Furthermore, a race which had enough initiative to explore among the planets would hardly be too timid to follow through when the job was accomplished.

One other hypothesis needs to be discussed. It is that the Martians have kept a long-term routine watch on Earth and have been alarmed by the shots - our A-bomb shots as evidence that we are warlike and on the threshold of space travel. (Venus is eliminated here because her cloudy atmosphere would make such a survey impractical.) The first flying objects were sighted in the Spring of 1947, after a total of 5 atomic bomb explosions, i.e., Alamogordo, Hiroshima, Nagasaki, Crossroads A and Crossroads B. Of these, the first two were in positions to be seen from Mars, the third was doubtful (at the edge of Earth's disc in daylight) and the very two were on the wrong side of Earth. It is likely that Martian astronomers, with their thin atmosphere, could build telescopes big enough to see A-bomb explosions on Earth, even though we were 15 and 150 million miles away, respectively, on the A explosions and Hiroshima detonations. The weakest point in the hypothesis is that a continual, defensive watch of Earth for long periods of time (perhaps thousands of years) would be dull sport, and no race that even remotely resembled Man would undertake it. We haven't even considered the idea for Venus or Mars, for example.

The sum and substance of this discussion is that if Martians are now visiting us without contact, it can be assumed that they have just recently succeeded in space travel and that their civilization would be practically abreast of ours.

S-11750

29 UNCLASSIFIED

---

- page 35 -

There are no photographs present on this page; it only contains text and some circular marks or stains. Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

The chance that Martians, under such widely divergent conditions, would have a civilization resembling our own is extremely remote. It is particularly unlikely that their state of civilization would be within a half century of our own state of advancement. Yet in the last 50 years we have just started to use aircraft and in the next 50 years we will almost certainly start exploring space.

Thus it appears that space travel from another point within the Solar system is possible but very unlikely. Odds are at least a thousand-to-one against it.

This leaves the totality of planets of other stars in the Galaxy as possible sources. Many modern astronomers believe that planets are fairly normal and logical affairs in the life history of a star (rather than cataclysmic oddities) so that many planets can be expected to exist in space.

To narrow the field a little, some loose specifications can be written for the star about which the home base planet would revolve. Let us say that the star should be a family re- semblance to the Sun, which is a member of the so-called "main- sequence" of stars, i.e., the eliminate white dwarfs, red giants and supergiants. For a description of these types, see reference 2, chapter 5. There is no specific reason for making this assumption except to simplify discussion; we are still considering the majority of stars.

Next, true variable stars can be eliminated, since conditions on a planet attached to a variable star would fluctuate too wildly to permit life. The number of stars deleted here is negligibly small. Reference 3, pages 76 and 85 indicate that the most common type, those too bright to be in nearly space unrecorded. Lastly, we shall eliminate many multiple stars, since the conditions for stable planet orbits are obscure in such cases. About a third of the stars are eliminated by this restriction.

As our best known sample of space we can take a volume with the Sun at the center and a radius of 16 light years. A compilation of the 47 known stars, including the Sun, within this volume is given in reference 4, pages 52 to 57. Eliminating according to the above discussion: Three are white dwarfs, eight binaries account for 13 stars and two trinaries account for 6 more. The remainder, 22 stars, can be considered as eligible for habitable planets.

UNCLASSIFIED

S-11750

30

- page 36 -

The image provided is a black and white page from a document with no photographs, just text. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Assuming the above volume to be typical, the contents of any
other reasonable volume can be found by varying the number of stars 
proportionately with the volume, or with the radius cubed, Se = 22 x
( r )^3, where Se is number of eligible stars and r is the radius
of the volume in light years. (This formula should only be used for 
radii greater than 16 light years. For smaller samples we call for 
a recount. For example, only one known eligible star other than the
Sun lies within eight light years).

Having an estimate of the number of useable stars, it is now
necessary to make a guess as to the number of habitable planets. We 
have only one "observed sample, the Solar System, and the guess must
be made with low confidence, since Intelligent life may not be randomly
distributed at all.

The Sun has nine planets, arranged in a fairly regular progression
of orbits (see reference I, Appendix I) that lends credence to 
theories that many stars have planets. Of the nine planets, (one, the
Earth) is completely suitable for life. Two more (in adjacent orbits)
are near misses: Mars has extremely rigorous living conditions and
Venus has an unsuitable atmosphere. Viewed very broadly indeed, this
could mean that each star would have a series of planets so spaced 
that one, or possibly two, would have correct temperatures, correct
moisture content and a possible to support civilized life. Let us
assume that there is, on the average, one habitable planet per eligible 
star.

There is no line of reasoning or evidence which can indicate
whether life will actually develop on a planet with the conditions
are suitable. Her again, the Earth my be unique rather than a random
sample, This writer can only inject some personal intuition into the
discussion with the view that life is not unique on Earth, or even
the random result or a low probability, but is practically inevitable
in the right conditions. This is to say, the number of inhabited
planets is equal to the that are suitable.

One more item needs to be considered. Knowing nothing at all
about other races, we must assume that Man is average as to technical
advancement, environmental difficulties, etc. That is, one half of the 
other planets are behind us and have no space travel and the other
half are ahead and have various levels of space travel. We can thus
imagine that in our sample volume there are 11 races of beings who have
begun space explorations. The formula on page 3 above now becomes

R = 11 x ( r )^3
----------
P > 16 light years.

where R is the number of races exploring space in a spherical volume
of radius P > 16 light years.

Arguments like those applied to Martians on page 2 need not apply
to races from other star systems. Instead of being a first port of
call, Earth would possibly be reached only after many centuries of de-
velopment and exploration with space ships, so that a visiting race
would be expected to be far in advance of Man.

UNCLASSIFIED

31 S-11750
```

Please note that the text refers to the state of astronomical knowledge and speculation during the time period the report was made. The number of known planets in our solar system has changed since then due to reclassification of Pluto as a dwarf planet.

- page 37 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a document with typewritten text. Here is the extracted text:

UNCLASSIFIED

To summarize the discussion thus far: the chance of space travelers existing at planets attached to neighboring stars is very much greater than the chance of space-traveling Martians. The one can be viewed almost as a certainty (if the assumptions are accepted), whereas the other is very slight indeed.

In order to estimate the relative chances that visitors from Mars or star X could come to the Earth and act like "flying objects", some discussion of characteristics of space ships is necessary.

To handle the simple case first, a trip from Mars to Earth should be feasible using a rocket-powered vehicle. Once here, the rocket would probably use more fuel in slowing down for a landing than it did in initial takeoff, due to Earth's higher gravitational force.

A rough estimate of one-way performance can be found by adding the so-called "escape velocity" of Mars to that of the Earth plus the total energy change (kinetic and potential) used in changing from one planetary orbit to the other. These are 3.1, 7.0, and 10.7 miles per second, respectively, giving a total required performance of 20.8 miles per second for a one-way flight. Barring a suicide mission, the vehicle would have to land and replenish or else carry a 100% reserve for the trip home.

Let us assume the Martians have developed a nuclear, hydrogen-propelled vehicle (the most efficient best arrangement that has been conceived here on Earth) which uses half its stages to get home and the remaining stages to return to Mars, thus committing a round trip without refueling (but slowing down enough in our atmosphere to be easily visible, i.e., practically making a landing). Since it is not clear powered (as opposed to materials will be limiting to maximum operating temperatures the materials can withstand (heat transfer from the pile to the gas, so cooling can't the used in the pile). The highest melting point compound of unranium which we can find is uranium carbide. It has a melting point of 4560°R. Assume the Martians are capable of realizing a gas temperature of 4500°R (= 2500°K), and that they also have alloys which make high temperature oxides economical. Then the specific Impulse will be I = 1035 seconds and the exhaust velocity will be e = 33,400 ft/sec (reference 5). Calculation shows that using a single stage for each leg of the journey would require a fuel/gross weight ratio of 0%.96 (for e0oh stage) too high to be practical. Using two stages each way (four altogether) brings the required fuel ratio down to 0.91, a value that can be realized.

If, by the development of strong alloys, the basic weight could be kept to 10% of the total weight for each stage, a residue of 9% could be used for payload. A four stage vehicle would then have a gross weight (100%) = 15,000 times as great as the payload: thus, if the payload were 2,000 pounds, the gross weight would be 30 million pounds at initial takeoff (Earth pounds).

UNCLASSIFIED

S-11750

- page 38 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page of a text document.

Here is the text from the document as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Of course, if we allow the Martians to refuel, the vehicle 
could have only two stages* and the gross weight would be only
(100)2 = 123 times the payload, i.e., 250,000 pounds. This would 
require bringing electrolytic and refrigerating equipment and sitting 
at the South Pole long enough to extract fuel for the homeward journey, 
since they have not asked us for supplies. Our oceans (electrolysis
to make H2) would be obvious to Martian telescopes and they might 
conceivably follow such a plan, particularly if they came here without 
foreknowledge that Earth has a civilization.

Requirements for a trip from a planet attached to some star 
other than the Sun can be calculated in a similar manner. Here the 
energy (or velocity) required has more parts: (a) to escape from the
planet to be escaped from to reach (c) reciprocal to traverse a 
few light years of space in reasonable time (d) decel at ion toward 
the Sun (e) deceleration toward the Earth. The nearest "eligible" 
star is an object called Wolf 359 (see reference 4, p 52), at a 
distance of 8.0 light years. It is small, having an absolute magni-
tude of 16.6 and is typical of "red dwarfs" which make up more 
than half of the eligible portulits. By comparison with similar
stars of known mass, this star is estimated to have a mass roughly
0.03 as great as the sun. Since the star has a luminosity (being
much cooler and smaller than the Sun) a habitable planet would need 
to be in a small orbit for warmth.

Or the chances of energy required as listed in the preceding 
paragraph, item (c), other trip to traverse intervening space, is so 
large as to make the vehicles completely negligible. If the visitors
were long lived and could "hibernate" for 50 years both to coming and 
going, then 1/10 the speed of light would be required, i.e., the 
enormous velocity of 18,000 miles per second. This is completely 
beyond the reach of any predicted level of rocket propulsion.

If a race were far enough advanced to make really efficient use
of nuclear energy, then a large part of the mass of the nuclear ma-
terial might be converted into jet energy. We have no idea how 
to do this, in fact reference 6 indicates that the material required
to withstand the temperatures, etc., may be fundamentally unattain-
able. Let us start from a jet-propellant-to-gross-weight ratio of 
.75, i.e. the total amount of expended material (nuclear plus propellend
etc) can be 85 of the gross weight, then the nuclear material exploded 
can be 0.60 of the gross. Using an efficiency of 5 for conversion of 
nuclear energy to jet energy and neglecting relativistic mass cor-
rections, then a rocket velocity of half the velocity of light could 
be attained. This would mean a transit time of 16 years each way from 
the star Wolf 359, or longer times from the other eligible stars. To try 
to go much faster would mean spending much energy on relativistic changes 
in mass and therefore operating at lowered efficiency.

* Actually three stages. On the trip to Earth the first stage would 
be filled with fuel, the second stage would contain partial fuel, the 
third would be empty. The first stage would be thrown away during the 
flight. On the trip back to Mars, the second third stages would be 
filled with fuel. The gross weight of the initial vehicle would be of
the order of magnitude of a two-stage rocket.

UNCLASSIFIED
S-11750
```


- page 39 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. Here is the text as an OCR output:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

To summarize this section of the discussion, it can be said that a trip from Mars is a logical engineering advance over our own present technical status, but that a trip from another star system requires improvements of propulsion that we have not yet conceived.

Combining the efforts of all the science-fiction writers, we could conjure up a large number of hypothetical methods of transportation like gravity shields, space overdrives, teleports, stimulators, energy beams and so on. Conceivably, among the myriads of stellar systems in the Galaxy, one or more races have discovered methods of travel that would be fantastic by our standards. Yet the larger the volume of space the more is included in order to strengthen this possibility, the lower will be the chance that a race involved would ever find the earth. The Galaxy has a diameter of roughly 100,000 light years and a total mass about two hundred billion times that of the Sun (reference 4). Other galaxies have been photographed and estimated in numbers of several hundred million (reference 2, p. 4) at distances up to billions of light years (reference 7, p 158). The number of stars in the known universe is enormous, yet so are the distances involved. A supernova once (unless they occur frequently) would not be likely to stumble upon Planet III of Sol, a fifth-magnitude star in the rarefied outskits of the Galaxy.

A description of the probable operating characteristics of space ships must be based on the assumption that they will be rockets, since this is the only form of propulsion that we know will function in outer space. Below are listed a few of the significant factors of rocketry in relation to the "flying objects."

(a) Maneuverability. A special-purpose rocket can be made as maneuverable as we like, with very high accelerations either along or normal to the flight path. However, a holder performance space ship will certainly be larger and unwieldly and so hardly able to maneuver frivolously around in the Earth's atmosphere. The only economical maneuver would be to come down and go up more or less vertically.

(b) Fuel reserves. It is hard to see how a single rocket ship could carry enough extra fuel to make repeated descents into the Earth's atmosphere. The large number of flying objects reported in quick succession could only mean a larger number of visiting craft.

Two possibilities thus are presented. First, a number of space ships could have come as a group. This would only be done if all could at a later date dress contact were to be established. Second, numerous small craft might descend from a mother ship which coats around the Earth in a satellite orbit. But this could mean that the smaller craft would have to be rockets of satellite performance, and to contain them the mother ship would have to be truly enormous.

(c) Appearance. A vertically descending rocket might well appear as a luminous disk to a person directly below. Observers at a distance, however, would surely identify the rocket for what it really is. There would probably be more reports of oblique views than of end-on views. Of course, the shape need not be typical of our rockets; yet the exhaust should be easy to see.

UNCLASSIFIED
S-11750
```

- page 40 -

The image does not contain any photographs.

UNCLASSIFIED

One or two additional general remarks may be relevant to space ships as "flying objects". The distribution of flying objects is peculiar, to say the least. As far as this writer knows, all incidents have occurred within the United States, whereas visiting spacemen could be expected to scatter their visits more or less uniformly over the globe. The small area covered indicates strongly that the flying objects are of Earthly origin, whether physical or psychological.

The lack of purpose apparent in the various episodes is also puzzling. Only one motive can be assigned; that the space-men are "feeling out" our defenses without wanting to be belligerent. If so, they must have been satisfied long ago that we can't catch them. It seems fruitless for them to keep repeating the same experiment.

Conclusions:

Although visits from outer space are believed to be possible, they are believed to be very improbable. In particular, the actions attributed to the "flying objects" reported during 1947 and 1948 seem inconsistent with the requirements for space travel.

Very truly yours,
J. E. Lipp
Missiles Division

JEL:sp
References
1. "Earth, Moon and Planets", by F.L. Whipple, Harvard Books on Astronomy, Blakiston, 1941.
2. "Atoms, Stars and Nebulae", by Goldberg; Alter; Harvard Books on Astronomy, Blakiston, 1943.
3. "The Story of Variable Stars", by Campbell and Jacchia, Harvard Books on Astronomy, Blakiston, 1945.
4. "The Milky Way", by Bok and Bok, Harvard Books on Astronomy, Blakiston 1941.
5. Calculated Properties of Hydrogen Propellant at High Temperatures. Data provided to RAND by Dr. Altman, then at JPL. Unpublished.
6. "The Use of Atomic Power for Rockets", by R. Serber, Appendix IV Second Quarterly Report, RA-15004, Douglas Aircraft Co., Inc., Project Rand.
7. "Galaxies", by Shapley, Harlow; Harvard Books on Astronomy, Blakiston 1943.

S-11750

35

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 41 -

The image provided is a document page and does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a correspondence related to the Project Blue Book, which was a series of systematic studies of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Basic Ltr fr Hq, AAV, Wright FlD, Dayton, C. 24 sept 47, Subj:
"Flying Saucers"

ARMY AIR FORCES
WASHINGTON

Copy of Inquiries in Aza Files

ORR
ATIN: TASMD-D-3

1 Oct 47

AFZTB-CO-5

Dept. of the Air Force, Hq. USAY, Washington 25, D. C.

To Commanding General, Air Material Command, Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio
ATIN: TASMD-D-3

Attached hereto is information requested in basic letter.

BY ORDER OF THE SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE

[Signature Redacted]
OFFICIAL:
[Signature Redacted]
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Info Office on Unidentified Aerial Objects

OFFICIAL:
[Redacted Text]
Lt. Col Garrett
[Redacted Text]

UNCLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.9
SECNAVINST 5510.36A
AFR 200-2
DATED BY WAR DEPARTMENT
17 SEPTEMBER 1947
```

Please note that some text was redacted for privacy reasons, and there are some handwritten notations that are not as clear as the typed text, which I have attempted to transcribe to the best of my ability.

- page 42 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it displays a document page with text only.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text in the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED
COPY

TSN AD-23/ACI:ceo
24 September 1947

SUBJECT: "Flying Discs"

TO:
Commanding General
Army Air Forces
Washington 25, D. C.
ATTN: AC/AS-2
Major General George McDonald

1. In compliance with General McDonald's telephone conversation, this date, to Colonel H. W. McCoy, T-2, Hq. AAF, attached herewith is a copy of a drawing entitled "L.D-2". Because of patent rights 'Including' Flying Disc', decided a record be kept of all persons involved, it is requested that signed signatures and dates directly on this drawing by witnessing with of official record.

2. This drawing should be returned to this office when it has served its purpose so that it can be turned over to the Patent Office Hq. HIC for official record.

3. Enclosed herewith is also a report L-' . The Air L-(' 'prepared by the Royal which talks . Technical Note, A., dating 1703, which describes the often unnamed aircraft. The following references are invited specific to considering and accomplishments toward the alien brothers per- the alleged "Flying Saucer" case:

a. Page 5, Paragraph 4 and 6.
b. Page 6, Paragraph 1 and 7.
c. Page 26, Paragraph 3 and 10.
d. Page 27, Paragraph 12.
e. Page 25, Paragraphs 1 through 5.
f. Page 54, Photograph of Horten "Parabola."

att 👌= 2

UNCLASSIFIED
COPY

U-3942
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

---

- page 43 -

The image provided is a blank page with no photographs or substantial text content, except for a reference number and possibly some markings written by hand at the top of the page. 

Here is the OCR output of the text present in the document:

K.D. 33.60012
49/01/00   1007324

- page 44 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

ABSTRACT UNCLASSIFIED

A descriptive and analytical study of the unidentified aerial objects, that have been reported both in the United States and from foreign countries, is presented. Individual cases are described in brief form, as an appendix. The analytical treatment of the subject is largely of a qualitative and generalized nature. However, detailed analyses and detailed results are presented, where this procedure is possible and will assist in establishing the validity or tenability of an overall hypothesis.

Project "Sign" is still largely characterized by the collection of data, without sufficient information to permit definite, specific conclusions to be made. No definite evidence is yet available to confirm or disprove the actual existence of unidentified flying objects as new and unknown types of aircraft. A limited number of the incidents have been identified as known objects.

UNCLASSIFIED S-11750

- page 45 -

The image is a scanned page from a document and does not contain any photographs; it is a text-based document.

Here's the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
C O P Y

Basic ltr, dtd 21 Sep 47, to CG, HQ AAF, Wash, subj "Flying Disc"

e. Page 69, The Herten VII.
h. Pages 71 and 72, Photographs of the Horton IX Versions.
i. Page 74, Drawing of the “Parabola”.

This document should also be returned when it has served its intended purpose.

l. A recent report from the U. S. Air Attaché, Moscow, USSR, dated 9 June 1947, indicates that 100 “Military aircraft, directly or indirectly based on the Horten VIII design (a six engine pusher, having a wing spread of 213 feet and a gross weight of approximately thirty-three thousand pounds) are being built for bomber squadron use. The Russian version, however, is Jet propelled, reference report whose Identification No. Is V-3229-1-58 Jet Propelled, reference report whose Identification No. is V-32291-58.

5. The T-2 report "German Flying Wings Designed by Horten Brothers No. F-SU-1110-ND, also inclosed herewith, may be retained by your office if desired.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL,

H. M. McCOY
Colonel, Air Corps
Deputy Commanding General
Intelligence (T-2)

3 Incls:
1. Drawing
2. FAE Tech Note, AERO 1703
3. T-2 Rept, No. F-SU-1110-ND

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

C O P Y
U-39942
```

- page 46 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document page. Below is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND

IN REPLY ADDRESS BOTH
COMMUNICATION AND ENVE-
LOPE TO COMMANDING
OFFICER, AIR MATERIEL
COMMAND, ATTENTION
FOLLOWING OFFICE SYMBOL

[Redacted Stamps]

AFIMC FORM 146, REVERSE (REV 10 Sept 46)

DATE 27 MAR 1947

RES/TN/MNF/A/6/6-1100
WRIGHT FIELD, DAYTON, OHIO

TO/L

SUBJECT: Flying Discs

TO: Chief of Staff
United States Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.
ATTENTION: Director, Research & Development
Major General L. C. Craigle

1. Confirming the recent conversation of the undersigned with
Major General L. C. Craigle, 9 December 1947, attached are listed below
are copies of two reports from this Headquarters concerning Flying
Discs.

2. Comments of Headquarters, Air Force on these letters have
never been received by this Command. Continued and recent reports 
from qualified observers concerning this phenomenon still makes this
matter one of concern to Headquarters, Air Materiel Command. Intelli-
gence Department of this Command is continuing the collection and
analysis of all available reports.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

H. M. McCOY
Colonel, USAF
Chief of Intelligence

2 Attach:
cc ltr to CG, AAF, dtd 22 Sept 47
subj: "AMC Opinion Concerning
"Flying Discs"
cc ltr to CG, AAF, dtd 21 Sept 47
subj "Flying Discs"

DOWNG:"DPED AT 2-YR. L;S;
DECL:INED BY ND 7 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

[Redacted]

U-57991

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 47 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

The text on the document reads as follows:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED

COPY
Y

HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
TSDAD-2/AC/intc.
Wright Fld.,Dayton, O.
24 Sept 47

TSDAD-2B

"Flying Saucers"

Commanding General, Army Air Forces, Washington 25, D.C.
ATTN: A/AJ-2-S, Lt Col Garrett

              O.T. /9/ Signed

It is requested that this office be furnished all/available.
information concerning an alleged "Flying Saucer" flight sighting
made by one Carroll in Mayan. This incident was mentioned by
Dr.Charles Carroll during a conference in Brig Gen Schulgen's
office attended by Mr. A.G. Loedding, T-2 representative, on 5
September 1947.

FOR THE COMMANDING GEN.AMC

// H.Z.Gell
// E.J.McCoy
Colonel, Air Corps
Deputy Commanding General
Intelligence, T-2
          
UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

Please keep in mind that the text transcription might not be perfectly accurate due to the quality of the document.

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page of a document with typewritten text and some handwritten annotations. Here is the transcription of the document:

```
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
WRIGHT FIELD, DAYTON, OHIO

SUBJECT: Flying Disca.

TO:
Chief of Staff 
United States Air 'Norce.
Washington, D. C.
ATTENTION: OFFICE, DIRECTOR of Intelligence.
Lt. Colonel George Garrett, Jr.

1. The enclosed newspaper clippings are submitted for your informa-
tion and comments. The incident reported in Seattle appeared in the "Dayton
Journal" on 12 November 1947, and should be followed up if possible.

2. The story by Lionel Shapiro regarding war weapons developed in
Spain evidently was printed in several leading newspapers throughout
the country. No Flying Disca of this sort recalling newspaper copy was 
found; essential  elements for such alleged important developments--such as
funds, materials, experimental testing facilities, and technicians, much as
"know-how"--do not appear accounted for and supplied by known local 
The Germany satellite is a disappointed to be supplied by German scientists.
French sources are next to nil & this fact that no important elements
are not known to them, in Spain, and those a mentioned in this article

3. If possible, therefore, an effort should be made to obtain more
qualifications, or any new information that might help to identify this alleged
German scientists working in Spain.

4. A brief statement was made in a recent intelligence report from
Bag. TAG, AD/Ac, regarding a flying discO incident in Alaska on September.
Early 1950, while right reported should render a more detailed observation
than what was reported, which may suggest a follow-up.

5. It is further requested that this office be advised as to progress
being made on the piloting of all flying disc incidents to data, particularly
in North America. It would seem that Mr. Carroll was going to
see these incidents, but no further word was received regarding this office.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

-H. H. McCoy
Colonel, Air Corps
Director of Intelligence

[newspaper clippings]
```
Note: The document is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" and has a notice at the bottom regarding its declassification status.

- page 49 -

There is no photograph present in this image. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED  Lt Col Qvarnman/73 743.64
ltr frnm lnt AFITC, dnted 16 September 1947, Subject "Interview of
Atirness" (Brigadier General Jmiwell L. Rundell, 010501)

AFITA (33)                 1st Ind.

HQ AAF, Washington 25, DC, 23 September 1947

To:    Commanding General, Air Training Command, Barksdale Field,
          Shreveport, Louisiana

     Transmitted herewith in compliance with basic communication
is testimony of Brigadier General Ruswell L. Rundell (in quadruplicate).

BY COMMAND OF GENERAL SPAATZ

X201-0

A. E. GREENSON,
Brig. Gen., U.S. A.,
Deputy, The Air Inspector.
2. (initial) Testimony of
RosuLilRundell (in quad.)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL

OFFICE SYMBOL AFTTA
GRADED AND DISTRIBUTION OF COPIES AS NOTED 
CONFIDENTIAL

HB-3432P-8 A. F. DISTRIBUTW OFFICE
```

- page 50 -

There are no photographs present in this image. The text contained in the document is as follows:

```
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

A IRDCO

SUBJECT: Reported Sightings of Flying Discs. 

TO: Commanding General
A.F. Material Command
Wright Field, Dayton, Cldo
Attn: Section T-2

       1. In arranged verbally with Mr. Loedding, enclosed is the
complete file maintained by this Office on reported sightings of
Flying Discs.

       2. This file is forwarded so that photostats may be made in
order to provide your Command with a duplicate set of these sightings.

       3. When photostating this material for your purposes, it will
be appreciated if one extra set is made for this Office and returned
at the same time the originals are returned.

       4. This file, and the duplicates, should be returned as soon
as possible to this headquarters, Attention AC/as-2, Air Intelligence
Requirements Division, Collection Branch.

BY COMMAND OF GENERAL SPAATZ

                                                                                                [Signature]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

The image also contains marginal notes, a signature denoting approval (which I'm not able to reproduce), and there's a handwritten indication, likely a date ("1/Sepr 47") or other reference mark, on the top right side. The bottom of the document contains standardized form information and a document control stamp, but the text is either cut off or obscured.

- page 51 -

The image presented is a photocopy of a page from an old document and does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text as an OCR would output:

```
U. CLASSIFIED

HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATÉRIEL COMMAND

REPLY ADDRESS: NOTE COMMUNICATION FROM
INFORMATION AND COORDINATION
SECTION, ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES
COMMAND ATTENTION
FOLLOWING OFFICE SYMBOL

SAVE
SIGN

SUBJECT: AMC Opinion Concerning "Flying Discs"

TO: Commanding General
     Army Air Forces
     Washington 25, D. C.
     ATTN: Brig. General George Schulgen
     AC/AS-2

1. As requested by AC/AS-2 there is presented below the considered
opinion of this Command concerning the so-called "Flying Discs." This
opinion is based on interrogation report data furnished by AC/AS-2 and
preliminary studies by personnel of T-2 and Aircraft Laboratory, Engineering
Division -T-3. This opinion was arrived at in a conference between
personnel from the Air Institute of Technology, Intelligence T-2, Office,
Chief of Engineering Division, and Aircraft, Power Plant and Propeller
Laboratories of Engineering Division T-3.

2. It is the opinion that:

    a. The phenomenon reported is something real and not visionary
    or fictitious.

    b. There are objects probably approximating the shape of a disc,
    of such appreciable size as to appear to be as large as man-made
    aircraft.

    c. There is a possibility that some of the incidents may be
    caused by natural phenomena, such as meteors.

    d. The reported operating characteristics such as extreme
    of climb, maneuverability (particularly in roll), and action which
    must be considered evasive when sighted or contacted by friendly
    aircraft and radar, lend belief to the possibility that some of the objects
    are controlled either manually, automatically, or remotely.

    e. The apparent common description of the objects is as follows:-

        (1) Metallic or light reflecting surface

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
D-39552
```

- page 52 -

The image provided contains text but does not appear to contain any photographs. The content of the text in the image is as follows:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

(2) Absence of traffic except in a few instances which the
object apparently was operating under high perform-
mance conditions.

(3) Circular or elliptical in shape, flat on bottom and
domed on top.

(4) Several reports of well kept formation flights varying
from three to nine objects.

(5) Normally no associated sound, except in three instances
a substantial rumbling roar was noted.

(6) Level flight speeds normally above 300 knots are esti-
mated.

f. It is possible within the present U. S. knowledge — pro-
vided extensive detailed development is undertaken — to construct
piloted aircraft which has the general description of the object in sub-
paragraph (c) above which would be capable of an approximate range of
7000 miles at subsonic speeds.

g. Any developments in this country along the lines indicated
would be extremely expensive, time-consuming and at the considerable ex-
pense of current project and therefore, if directed, should be set up in-

dependently of existing projects.

h. Due consideration must be given the following-

(1) The possibility that these objects are of domestic
origin, the product of some high security project
not known to AC/AS-2 of this Command.

(2) The lack of physical evidence in the shape of crash
recovered exhibits which would undeniably prove the
existence of these objects.

(3) The possibility that some foreign nation has a form
of propulsion, possibly nuclear, which is outside of
our domestic knowledge.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YR. INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

3. It is recommended that:-

Headquarters Army Air Force issue a directive assigning
a priority...REQUISITION...with the...detailed study of
this matter to include the preparation of a detailed technical 
AND pertinent data which will then be made available to the ARMY, NAVY,
Atomic Energy Commission NHB...the Air Force Scientific Advisory Group,
NACA and the RAND and NEPA Projects for comment and recommendations
with a preliminary report to be forwarded within 15 days of receipt of 
the data and definite report to be completed within 30 days of the data.

UNCLASSIFIED

V-39552
```

- page 53 -

There is no photograph in this document; it appears to be a text-based page from the document.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Basic Ltr fr CO, AMC, WF to CO, AT, AAF, Wash D.C. subj "AMC Opinion Con-
cerning "Flying Disc"

action develops. A complete interchange of data should be effected.

In awaiting a specific directive AMC will continue the investi-
gation within its current resources in order to more closely define the
nature of the phenomenon. Detailed Essential Elements of Information
will be formulated immediately for transmittal thru channels.

N. F. TWINING
Lieutenant General, U.S.A.
Commanding

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DoD DIR 5200.10

U-99552
``` 

Please note that parts of the text appear to be redacted or damaged, which may result in incomplete sentences or missing information.

- page 54 -

There are no photographs present within this document page.

Here is the requested text output from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

ITEM 2

SUBJECT: Flying Discs

TO: Commanding General
AT: Air Material Command
Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: T-2

   Reference is made to three inclosures, forwarded from
your office to this headquarters, subject as above.

   It is Air Force policy not to ignore reports of objects
and phenomena in the atmosphere but to recognize them as AAf con-
cern due to: a. the air safety perspective, b. the need for technical
knowledge to collect, collate, evaluate and act on information of de-
fense nature.

   In implement this policy, it is desired that the Air
Material Command set up in suitable sections a collection and evalua-
tion program so that a disturbance is intercepted from its normal
AAF channels and information is collated from as many sources as
the content of the information permits.  If there is a guarantee
that commercial air will confine their reporting of flying disc ob-
servations, it is desired that appropriate communications be taken
to this end.  It is further determined that necessary importance
which falls outside the field of the Air Material Command.

   It is suggested that the activities of this project include
the preparation, and distribution of special reports from ATIC
Intelligence, and that periodic reports be issued at approximately
bi-monthly intervals; reports should be as brief as necessary
to cover the desired objective without undue expense or labor
which would not be warranted by the information available; no conclusion
is attempted by the project unless classified sightings are included.
A completion of the data should be forwarded accordingly.
A complete awareness of data should be effected as recommended in
Inclosure 1.

        BY COMMAND OF THE CHIEF OF STAFF/
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

L.C. CRAIGIE
Major General, U.S. Air Force
Director of Research and Development
Office, Deputy Chief of Staff,
Research and Development

ENCL:
1. Ltr from AC/AS-2
    dtd 23 Sept '47
    (Same Addressee)
    from AC/AS-2 to AC/AS-3
    dtd 27 Oct 47
2. Memo for AC/AS-2 from
    AC/AS-2 (Com Intelligence)
    dtd 30 Oct 47
3. Ltr from AC/AS-2 to
    Commanding General
    AMC
    dtd 30 Dec 47

OFFICE SYMBOL  ----------
GRADE AND  ----------
COORDINATING  ----------
OFFICES  ----------

UNCLASSIFIED

(There are some handwritten notes and markings which I am unable to decipher and thus have not included in this transcript.)

- page 55 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

The text in the document is as follows:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

FOREWORD

Project "Sign" was Initiated by the Technical Intelligence Division, MIR Materiel Command, and assigned Project Number XS-304, 20 January 1948, under authority of a letter from the Deputy Chief of Staff, Materiel, USAF. This letter is referenced C/S, USAF, 30 December 1947, subject "Flying Disks."

Assistance in analyzing the reported observations has been provided by other Divisions of Air Materiel Command in accordance with Technical Instructions Tl-215, Addendum No. 3, dated 11 February 1948, subject: "Project Sign" - Evaluation of Unidentified Flying Objects.

Analysis of the reported incidents, as an effort to identify astro-physical phenomena, is being accomplished by Ohio State University under contract with the Air Materiel Command.

A special study has been initiated with the Rand Project in accordance with Air Corps Letter No. 80-10 dated 21 July 1948 to present information that would serve to evaluate the remote possibility that some of the observed objects may be space ships or satellites vehicles.

Members of the Scientific Advisory Board to the Chief of Staff, USAF, have also supplied their services in a consulting capacity.

UNCLASSIFIED

11

s-11750

---

- page 56 -

There are no photographs in this image, only text and marks related to the classification status of the document. Here is the text reproduced from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

AFBIIA-00/LL Col [text redacted] 6 Oct 46

[text redacted] ltr fr. Hq, AMC, Wright Fld, Dayton, O. 24 Sept. 47, Subj:
"FLYING SAUCERS"

[text redacted]

AFPI - Copy of inquiries in Lab Files

[text redacted]

ATIIA-00

1st Ind
Department of the Air Force, Hq. USAF, Washington 25, D.C.

TO: Commanding General, Air Material Command, Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: TSDAD-2B

Attached hereto is information requested in basic letter.

BY ORDER OF THE SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE:

[text redacted]

UNCLASSIFIED

OFFICE SYMBOL
[text redacted]
GRADE AND
SURNAME OF
COORDINATING
OFFICER

2 of Info on Unidentified Flying Objects [text redacted] Lt Col Garrett

AFBLO
Col Taylor

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

It appears to be an internal memo or document related to inquiries about "Flying Saucers". Some parts of the text have been redacted. This document seems to be part of the Project Blue Book or a related investigation, which was a series of systematic studies of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force.

- page 57 -

There are no photographs present in this image, only textual content in the form of a typed document with various handwritten notations and stamps. Here is the text contained in the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED                                       CONFIDENTIAL
                                                    [Stamped text] Office. symbol. ... /Sec. ...
                                                                       1 Sept 47

FBI R-00

SUBJECT: Reported Sightings of Flying Discs.

TO        : Commanding General
                Air Material Command
                Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio
                Attention: T-2

1. As arranged verbally with Mr. Loedding, inclosed is the
complete file maintained by this Office on reported sightings of
Flying Discs.

2. This file is forwarded so that photostats may be made in
order to provide your Command with a duplicate set of these sightings.

3. When photostatting this material for your purpose, it will
be appreciated if one set is made for this Office and returned
at the same time the originals are returned.

4. This file, and the duplicates, should be returned as soon
as possible to this Headquarters, Attention: AC/AS-2, Air Intelligence
Requirements Division, Collection Branch.

BY COMMAND OF GENERAL SPAATZ


                                                                           [Signature stamp]
OFFICE SYMBOL
                                               GRANDS AND
                                                                             SURNAMES OF
                                               CORRESPONDING                    DIRECTED
                                               OFFICER

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

[Handwritten notations and signature at the bottom of the page are not legible]

UNCLASSIFIED                           -CONFIDENTIAL-

---

- page 58 -

The image from the document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text document.

Here is the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

COPY
TSNAD-2D/Ac/tree
24 September 1947

SUBJECT: "Flying Disc"

TO:
Commanding General
Army Air Forces
Washington 25, D. C.

ATTN: AC/AS-2
Major General George McDonald

1. In compliance with General McDonald's telephone conversation, this date, to Colonel H.M. McCoy, N-2, Hq, AMC states herein, is a copy of a report entitled, "Loading Flying Saucers LD-2." Because of patents and rights involved, it is requested that this record be kept at all times directly on the drawing and that these drawings and signatures and dates return for this drawing.

2. This drawing should be returned to this office when it has served its purpose so that it can be turned over to the Patent Office Hq. AMC for official record.

3. Enclosed herewith is also a report prepared by the Royal Aeronautical Establishment, Technical Note, AMRO 1793, which describes the Horten brothers significant in relating the Hortens are invited which is considered and accomplishments toward the alleged "Flying Saucer" cases.

a. Page 5, Paragraph 4 and 6.
b. Page 6, Paragraph 1 and 7.
c. Page 26, Paragraph 3 and 10.
d. Page 27, Paragraph 12.
e. Page 28, Paragraphs 1 through 5.
f. Page 54, Photograph of Horten "Parabola."

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEAR
DoD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

COPY
J-39942

---

- page 59 -

The image does not contain any photographs, instead it contains textual information and markings. Here is the transcription of the text:

UNCLASSIFIED
COPY

Begie ltr, dtd 21 Sep 47, to CO, HQ AAF, Wash, subj: "Flying Disc"
c. Page 69, The Horton VII.
h. Pages 71 and 72, Photographs of the Horton IX Versions.
g. Page 74, Drawing of the "Parabola".

This document should also be returned when it has served its intended purpose.

X-4 S-2-1/Arthur Lundahl
A recent report from CDR, Attaché Moscow, USSR, dated 9 June 1947, indicates that 1800 aircraft, barring those directly or indirectly based on the Horten VIII design (six single pusher directly or indirectly operated by jet and a cruise weight of approximately thirty-five thousand pounds), are being built forth or boarded squadron use. Three aircraft version, however, is not jet propelled, reference report whose. The Russian version, V-32291-8.

X-Q-95
5. The T-2 report “German Flying Wings Designed by Horten Brothers” No. F-SU-1110-Md, also inclosed herewith, may be examined by your office if desired.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

H. W. McCoy
Colonel, Air Corps
Deputy Commanding General
Intelligence (T-2)

3 Inclos:
1. Drawing
2. RAE Tech Note, AERO 1703
3. T-2 Rpt, No. F-SU-1110-ND

UNCLASSIFIED
COPY

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
SECURITY_INFORMATION

- page 60 -

This document does not contain any photographs; it consists of typewritten text.

Below is the text as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

                                 SECRET

HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
WRIGHT FIELD, DAYTON, OHIO

                            TSD/IN/AIR/a1 6/6-1400

IN REPLY ADDRESS BOTH
COMMUNICATIONS AND
ENVELOPE TO COMMANDING
GENERAL, AIR MATERIEL
COMMAND, ATTENTION
FOLLOWING OFFICE SYMBOL

INDN

                                       DEC 17, 1947

SUBJECT: Flying Discs

TO: Chief of Staff
    United States Air Force
    Washington, 25, D. C.
    ATTENTION: Director, Research & Development
               Major General L. C. Craigie

1. Confirming the recent conversation of the undersigned with 
Major General L. C. Craigie, 9 December 1947, attached hereto 
are copies of the reports from this Headquarters concerning Flying
Discs.

2. Comments of Headquarters, Air Force on these letters have 
never been received by this Command. Continued and recent reports 
from qualified observers concerning this phenomenon still makes this 
matter one of concern to Headquarters, Air Materiel Command. Intelli-
gence Department of this Command is continuing the collection and 
analysis of all available reports.

                       FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

                                             H. M. McCoy
                                             Colonel, USAF
                                             Chief of Intelligence

2 Attach

cc ltr to CG, AAF, dtd 23 Sept 47
subJ "AMC Opinion Concerning
"Flying Discs""

cc ltr to CG, AAF, dtd 21 Sept 47
subJ "Flying Discs"


DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
                       SECRET

U-53791
```

- page 61 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned document. Below is the text present in the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED
                                     SECRET

HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
WRIGHT FIELD, DAYTON, OHIO

FSMAD-21                               TSDAD-23/AC/Wnu,
                                                     24 Sept 47

"FLYING SAUCERS"

Commanding General, Army AF Force, Washington 25, D.C.
Attn: AC/AS-2, Lt Col Garrett

                x 771.9 / 1746
                            /s/ [Signature not clear]

It is requested that this office be furnished all available
information concerning an alleged "Flying Saucer" night sighting
made by a radar station in Japan. The incident was mentioned by
Dr. Charles Carroll during a conference in Bldg 6 on Shelleva's
office attended by Mr. A.C. Loedding, T-3 representative, on 8
September 1947.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

/s/ M.L. Odell
/s/ H.M. McCoy
Colonel, Air. Corps
Deputy Commanding General
Intelligence T-2

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
                                     SECRET

---

- page 62 -

There is no distinct photograph present in the image; however, there are markings that resemble hand-drawn lines and scribbles, which do not form a coherent picture.

Here is the output of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED                 CONFIDENTIAL                Lt. Col Urquimmin/BC 734.24

Ltr fm HQ AFTAC, dated 16 September 1947, Subject: "Interview of
Brigadier General Twinnell, 0616031)

AFIAI (B3)                                             1st Ind.

HQ AAF, Washington 25, DC, 23 September 1947

To: Commanding General, Air Training Command, Barksdale Field,
Greenwood, Louisiana

Forwarded herewith in compliance with basic communication
is copy of interview of Brigadier General Russell E. Randall (In quadruplicate).

BY COMMAND OF GENERAL SPAATZ:

A. H. GILKESON,
Brig. Gen., U. S. A.,
Deputy, The Air Inspector.

    
    (Handwritten text)
      tace             face


     (Some other Handwritten text and signatures not clear enough to read)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED                 CONFIDENTIAL

OFFICE SYMBOL
(See AF Manual 5-2)
GRADE AND
DATE OF 
COORDINATING
SUBMITTING OFFICER

(A table with columns, partially visible at lower part of the document but the text is not legible)
```

- page 63 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The text in the document is as follows:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
                                         SECRET
                                         COPY
TSDIN
TSDIN/R&A/1/6/6400

23 September 1947

SUBJECT: AMC Opinion Concerning "Flying Discs"

TO:      Commanding General
         Army Air Forces
         Washington 25, D. C.
         ATTENTION: Brig. General George Schulgen
                     AC/AS-2

1. As requested by AC/AS-2 there is presented below the considered
opinion of this Command concerning the so-called "Flying Discs". This
opinion is based on interrogation report data furnished by AC/AS-2 and
preliminary studies by personnel of T-2 and Aircraft Laboratory, Engineering
Division T-3. The opinion was arrived at in a conference between
personnel from the Air Institute of Technology, Intelligence T-2, Office,
Chief of Engineering Division, and the Aircraft, Power Plant and Propeller
Laboratories of Engineering Division T-3.

2. It is the opinion that:

    a. The phenomenon reported is something real and not visionary
       or fictitious.

    b. There are objects probably approximating the shape of a
       disc, of such appreciable size as to appear to be as large as man-made
       aircraft.

    c. There is a possibility that some of the incidents may be
       caused by natural phenomena, such as meteors.

    d. The reported operating characteristics such as extreme
       rate of climb, maneuverability (particularly in roll), and action which
       must be considered evasive when sighted or contacted by friendly air-
       craft and radar, lend belief to the possibility that some of the objects
       are controlled either manually, automatically or remotely.

    e. The apparent common description of the object is as follows:

       (1) Metallic or light reflecting surface.

       ____________________________________________________________________
       DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
       DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
COPY
SECRET
R-99355
```


- page 64 -

No photograph is present in the image.

As an OCR service, here is the output of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

(2) Absence of trail, except in a few instances when the
object apparently was operating under high performance
conditions.

(3) Circular or elliptical in shape, flat on bottom and
domed on top.

(4) Several reports of well kept formation flights varying
from three to nine objects.

(5) Normally no associated sound, except in three instances
a substantial rumbling roar was noted.

(6) Level flight speeds normally above 300 knots are esti-
mated.

f. It is possible within the present U. S. knowledge, pre-
vided extensive detailed development is undertaken, to construct
piloted aircraft which can describe 
paragraph (a) above which would be capable of an approximate range of
7000 miles at subsonic speeds.

g. Any developments in this country along the lines indicated
would be extremely expensive, time consuming. A committee in the
presence of current projects and therefore, if directed, should be set up in-
dependently of existing projects.

h. Due considerations must be given the following:-

(1) The possibility that these objects are of domestic
origin - the product of some high security project
not known to AF/A2 of this command.

(2) The lack of physical evidence in the shape of crash
recovered exhibits which would conclusively prove the
existence of these objects.

(3) The possibility that some foreign nation has a form
of propulsion, possibly nuclear, which is outside of
our domestic knowledge.

3. It is recommended that:-

Headquarters, Army Air Forces issue a directive assigning
a priority, security classification and Code Name to the study of
and pertinent data which will then be made available to the Air Material
Command, AMC, and, through JEDB, the Air Force scientific Advisory Group,
NACA, the RAND and NEPA to be forwarded within 15 days of receipt of
initial intelligence data with a preliminary report. Thereafter every 30 days the investi-
the date and a detailed report thereafter

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 65 -

The image does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED                      [COPY]

Based to XR (I) CO, AMC, W-PB O, AD, Wash. D.C. subj AMC Opinion Con-
cerning "Flying Discs"

action developes. A complete interchange of data should be effected.

Hq. is awaiting a specific directed to AMC will continue the investi-
gation within current resources in order to more closely define the
nature of the phenomenon. Detailed essential elements of information
will be formulated immediately for transmittal thru channels.

                                        N.F. TWINING
                                        Lieutenant General, U.S.A.
                                        Commanding

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

                SECRET
                   X-9952
```

- page 66 -

The image you've provided appears to be a scanned document page with text but does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

INTRODUCTION

This report is written to present the status of work being
accomplished on Project "Sign", to summarize the data collected
on sightings of unidentified aerial objects, to review the methods
and reasoning applied in the evaluation of the data, and to pre-
sent the results so far obtained from the study of data available.

It is not expected that this report can present a final es-
timate of the situation regarding all the incidents reported.
The data is still being studied by specialists in the fields of
astrophysics and psychology, and further information is being col
lected to enable personnel evaluating project "Sign" incidents
to determine possible explanations of some of the sightings. How-
ever, the report will furnish information on the present state of
the investigation and to staff personnel in this headquarters and in
higher echelons, and to others who are required to assess the
possibility of a threat to national security presented by the 
sighting of such large numbers of unidentified flying objects.

111                                       UNCLASSIFIED
                                         S-11750
--- 

Please note that due to the nature of the scan, there may be some inconsistencies or errors in the transcription.

- page 67 -

There are no photographs in this image. Here is the text output:

CONFIDENTIAL
HEADQUARTERS 
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND

TSD-AD-2B
23 NOV 1947

SUBJECT: Flying Discs

TO:      Chief of Staff
         United States Air Force
         Washington 25, D. C.
         ATTN: Office, Director of Intelligence
               Lt Colonel George Garrett, Jr.

Reference letter, subject as above, dated 15 November 1947. It is 
requested that immediate action be taken to "appropriately mark or stamp
this correspondence with the classification "secret." This classifica-
tion number is 4 follows: U-48985

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

H. M. McCoy
Colonel, USAF
Chief of Intelligence

To #27 this 
action completed 
file jacket o/n 4-GO 
12-10-47

[Various stamps and markings indicating the document's classification status]
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 8 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 68 -

There are no photographs in this image, only visible text and markings related to the document's classification and handling.

**Text from the document:**

```
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
TSNAD-2B/ACL/amb
WRIGHT FIELD, DAYTON, OHIO
15 NOV 1949

SUBJECT: Flying Discs.

TO: Chief of Staff
    United States Air Force
    Washington 25, D.C.
    ATTENTION: Dr. C.
    Office, Director of Intelligence
    Lt Colonel George Garrett, Jr.

1. The enclosed newspaper clippings are submitted for your information and comment. The incident reported in Seattle appeared in the "Dayton Journal" on 12 November 1947, and should be followed up if possible.

2. The story by Lionel Shapiro regarding new weapons developed in Spain evidently was printed in a number of leading newspapers throughout the country. The significance of this article will be dependent upon our funds, material, experimental testing, and important developments, such as a new aerial element. It is supposed to be supplied by German scientists. The German scientists at this Hq indicate that no important aid from Germany are working in Spain, and those mentioned in this article are not known to them.

3. If possible, therefore, an effort should be made to obtain names, qualifications, or any information that might help, to identify the alleged German scientists working in Spain.

4. A brief statement was made in a recent intelligence report from Hq, USAF/ALS/2, regarding a flying disc incident in Alaska in September. The close range sighting reported should render a more detailed observation than what was reported, which should suggest follow-up.

5. It is further requested that this office be advised as to progress being made on the plotting of all flying disc incidents to date, particularly in North America. It was understood that Dr. Carrell will coordinate those incidents, but no further word was reached regarding this effort.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL
(Signature)
Colonel McCoy
Hq. USAF, A.C. Intelligence Corps
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

This document seems to discuss the tracking and investigation of incidents involving "flying discs" and connections or contributions from German scientists possibly working in Spain, along with a specific incident in Alaska.

- page 69 -

The image appears to be an old scanned document with a dark background and numerous small white spots and artifacts which could be perceived as stars or specks of dust. There are no clear photographs or distinct objects discernible that would be identified as traditional photographs; it's mostly a text document with visual noise. Here is the text extracted from the document:

---

TITLE: Project Grudge
PROJECT: XS-304
AUTHORITY: Hq. USAF, Deputy Chief of Staff, Material, Washington 25, D. C. letter, dated 30 Dec. 1947.

PRIORITY: 2A
SECURITY: Restricted
PROJECT ENGINEER: Lt. H. M. Smith
PURPOSE: To collect, collate, evaluate and interpret data obtained relative to the sighting of unidentified flying objects in the atmosphere which may have importance on the national security and to control and effect distribution of all objective information as requested to interested governmental agencies and contractors.

ESTIMATED COMPLETION: Continuous

PRIME CONTRACTOR: None

THIS MONTH: The Project Grudge Technical Report incorporating results of study has been completed and submitted to Hq USAF for coordination.

The number of reported sightings continue to exceed the normal monthly average.

Under a contemplated revision of policy, Project Grudge would investigate only those incidents in which realistic technical applications are clearly indicated. (RESTRICTED)

---

Please note that image artifacts and quality issues might affect the accuracy of text recognition.

- page 70 -

The image appears to contain a photocopy of a document with text, handwriting, and a small, very blurry image at the top center that looks like it could be a photograph of a light source, potentially a UFO, or it could be an artifact of the photocopying process. It is not clear enough to provide a detailed description.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

---

on 14 Nov 57 I called Miss Snoddy, who is 
Chief, Administrative Reference Branch,
Mail and Records Management Division, Air Adj Gen
Office, Hq USAF (extension 74835). AFCAG-22.

Miss Snoddy is trying to locate letter from
C/S, USAF, dated 30 Dec 44, subject: "Flying
Discs".

Corrected date from 1944 to
  1947. Lt. [Name]      
  Asst Chief of Staff, Material

Mrs [Name] suggested caller at 1430 13 Nov 7
Mrs [Name] is not  in just now ... gone home
till [unreadable text] now will be
here at 8 o'clock tonight ... wish to
see her a card ... left with [initials]

Mrs. [Name] 14 Nov 57
She was right by the Orange [illegible]

---

Please note that some words are illegible due to the quality of the document.

- page 71 -

The image is a black and white photograph that contains handwritten text. There is no clear subject of the photograph, as no distinct objects, phenomena, or scenes can be identified. It appears primarily as a dark backdrop with writing across it. The text appears to be:

6/3/68
Case report Feb 49
"unidentified Aerial Object
Project SIGN"
S-11739 Sent
Quint to Mr. Aczel E.
tkt to acct. for a
Congressional Meeting

- page 72 -

There are no photographs in this image. It is a text document. Below is the text from the document:

---
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

MXC/AO
3 Jan 5 1949

SUBJECT: Project "SIGN"

TO: Chief, Air Weather Service,
        Andrews Air Force Base,
        Washington 25, D. C.
        ATTN: DSS

1. Project "SIGN" is responsible for the collection, investigation and interpretation of data relative to sightings of unidentified flying objects, "Interplanetary" for sure is a 1792 item on file.
Project "SIGN" are forwarded for study and evaluation the results of which of the incidents may be eliminated as balloons released on routine synoptic ascents by the Air Weather Service, The Navy Aerological Service or the United States Weather Bureau. This summary attached may be retained in your headquarters for working and reference purposes.

2. The Air Weather Service is the only agency of its type that has been asked to assist in the accomplishments of Project "SIGN" except that the United States Weather Bureau has provided information on ball lightning. Research projects in which balloons are used and which are conducted or sponsored by the Army, Navy or United States Air Force are checked by the Intelligence Department of this Command, MXC/AO-3. These checks are usually made direct from the Project "SIGN" office, MXC/AO-3. These checks are distinct from the check of synoptic balloon flights made by weather service stations of the Air Force, The Navy and the Department of Commerce. (O. & M. Weather Bureau) requested of Air Weather Service.

3. It is the opinion of this office that the below listed incidents are those having the greatest possibility of being balloons. This list does not elimine the possibility that many of the remaining incidents are balloons.

      25   50     91 113          155
[Illegible section]
      28   72     96 125          157
      28   73   104 126          159
      14   81   105 145          163
      16   57    87 115          167
      22           89 112(Soel22) 154          169
      23

C-[Illegible]-1
---

- page 73 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document. Here is the text output from the document:

---

Bg AWC, Chief, Air Weather Service, Washington 25, D. C.
Subj: Project "SIGN"

4. The form used in interrogating witnesses to sightings is
included as a matter of interest. Comment as to possible improvement
of the "Essential Elements of Information" in regard to routine
synoptic balloon flights is invited.

5. It is requested that correspondence be forwarded to the
Commanding General, Headquarters, Air Material Command, attention
MCIAIXO-3.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL,

/s/ W. R. Clingerman, Col, USAF
for H. W. MCCOY
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Dept

2 Incls:
Summaries 1-172 incl
"SIGN"

Copies Furnished:
AFOIR, Hq. USAF
Capt Trawowski, Geophysics Lab
Major Kodie, ICCEP
Colonel Noel, MCIaws

---

Note: The text provided is an exact transcript of the text visible in the image, including abbreviations, acronyms, and any potential typographical errors.

- page 74 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scan of a typewritten document page. 

Here is the OCR-produced text from the document:

```
Dr HYNEK'S EVALUATIONS EXTRACTED FROM PROJECT GRUDGE REPORT.

                                INCIDENT INDEX

1.  Astronomical:

    a.  High probability:
       #26, 27, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 48, 59, 60, 66, 69, 70, 94,
       95, 96, 97, 98, 101, 102, 103, 104, 116, 119, 132, 136, 140,
       147, 148, 158, 174, 184, 188, 197, 198, 203, 204, 208, 216,
       219, 238.
       
    b.  Fair or low probability
       #15, 20, 23, 24, 28, 35, 36, 40, 63, 67, 86, 82, 93, ICO,
       112, 120, 121, 129, 130, 144, 153, 163, 166, 167, 175, 192,
       199, 202, 205, 220, 230, 240.
       
2.  Non-astronomical but suggestive of other explanations

    a.  Balloons or ordinary aircraft
       #8, 11, 22, 41, 42, 53, 54, 73, 81, 83, 91, 92, 113, 114, 115,
       122, 131, 133, 141, 145, 155, 156, 157, 159, 160, 161, 163,
       169, 171, 173, 178, 180, 182, 186, 190, 194, 195, 196, 198.
       200, 201, 209, 210, 217, 222, 235, 237, 239.
       
    b.  Kookets, flares or falling bodies
       #5, 6, 6, 7, 9, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 25, 56, 65, 78, 106, 107,
       108, 109, 133, 170, 211, 218.
       
    c.  Miscellaneous (reflections, auroral streamers, birds, etc.).
       #89, 89, 123, 124, 128, 146, 164, 181, 189, 214, 227, 231, 234.
       
3.  Non-astronomical, with no explanation evident

    a.  Lack of evidence precludes explanation.
       #38, 44, 45, 47, 56, 57, 72, 86, 87, 88, 90, 99, 110, 117, 118,
       125, 127, 157, 159, 149, 150, 177, 179, 191, 206, 212, 213,
       229, 232, 233.
       
    b.  Evidence offered suggests no explanation.
       #1, 2, 10, 17, 21, 25, 37, 40, 51, 52, 58, 61, 62, 64, 68, 71,
       76, 76, 179, 184, 186, 193, 202, 155, 151, 152, 154, 162,
       168, 172, 176, 183, 185, 111, 227, 215, 223, 224, 225, 226,
       227, 236, 241, 242, 243, 244, 134.
```

- page 75 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided.

I will now perform OCR and reproduce the text from the document.

---

UNCLASSIFIED

SUMMARY

The results of the study reviewed in this report, are based on data derived from reports of 243 domestic and thirty (30) foreign Incidents. Data from these incidents is being summarized, reproduced and distributed to agencies and individuals cooperating in the analysis and evaluation. Distribution has so far been accomplished on the summaries of 154 incidents and more are in process of reproduction at this time.^172.

A check list of items to be noted in reporting incidents has been prepared and distributed to government investigative agencies. The data obtained in reports received are studied in relation to many factors such as guided missile, research activity, weather and other atmospheric sounding balloon launchings, commercial and military aircraft flights, flights of migratory birds, and other considerations, to determine possible explanations for sightings.

Based on the possibility that the objects are really unidentified and unconventional types of aircraft a technical analysis is made of some of the reports to determine the aerodynamics, propulsion, and control features that would be required for the object to perform as described in the reports. The objects and sightings have been grouped into four classifications according to configuration:

1. Flying disks, i.e., very low aspect ratio aircraft.
2. Torpedo or cigar shaped bodies with no wings or fins visible in flight.
3. Spherical or balloon-shaped objects.
4. Balls of light

The first three groups are capable of flight by aerodynamic or aerostatic means and can be propelled and controlled by methods known to aeronautical designers. The fourth appears to have no physical form attached, but the means of support may not have been seen by the observer.
  
Approximately twenty percent of the incidents have been identified as conventional aerial objects to the satisfaction of personnel assigned to Project "Sign" in this Command. It is expected that a study of the incidents in relation to weather and other atmospheric sounding balloons will provide solutions for an equivalent number. Verbal statements by an astro-physicist at Ohio State University and by psychologists of the Aero-Medical Laboratory of this Command, indicate the possibility of solving an appreciable number of the sightings as a result of their investigations. Elimination of incidents with reasonably satisfactory explanations will clarify the problem presented by a project of this nature.

UNCLASSIFIED

---

- page 76 -

The image provided is a heavily redacted document and does not contain a photograph; it's a scanned page with text and several redaction marks. I will now transcribe the visible text as accurately as possible:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

The possibility that some of the incidents may represent 
technical developments far in advance of knowledge available to 
engineers and scientists of this country has been considered.
No facts are available to personnel at this Command that will
permit an objective assessment of this possibility. All infor-
mation so far presented on the possible existence of space ships
from another planet or of aircraft propelled by an advanced type
of atomic power plant have been largely conjecture. Based on
experience with nuclear power plant research in this country, the
existence on Earth of such engines of small enough size and weight
to have powered the objects described is highly improbable.

Reports of unidentified flying objects are not peculiar to
the present time. In, "The Books of Charles Fort," by Tiffany Tay-
lor, published in 1941 by Henry Holt & Co., New York, similar
phenomena are described as having been sighted during past cen-
turies. In the last war, numerous si[ghtings] of "balls of fire"
in the air were reported by bomber crews.
  
UNCLASSIFIED
--- 

Please note that some words have been cut off due to the redactions, and I have indicated this with brackets or ellipses where appropriate.

- page 77 -

