There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the text output:

---

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
3 Jul 49   03/180/02

2. LOCATION
Longview, Washington

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Stated

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

10. CONCLUSION
BALLOON

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Objects were yellow in color and moved in a skulking or falling leaf motion rather than a movement through the axis of the disc. The three objects all had the same characteristics; However they were sighted separately. The observer stated that the first one could have been a balloon. Also the other two were identical to the first. 

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

---

- page 1 -

There are no photographs present in this image. As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and provide the text from the document:

---
OT 350.09                                                                                                 UNCLASSIFIED
                                                                                                                         6 Jul 49
Subject: Project "SIGN"

on approximately 19 June 1949. ****** is preparing a
complete report including sketches which will be for-
warded".

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:
[Signature]
WINFRED W. GALLITRINE
Major, USAF
Intelligence Staff Officer

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
---

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. 

Below is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIE

The following information was taken from Info Doc 10-3626, AFSN 170:

12 July 1949

From: District Intelligence Officer, THIRTEENTH Naval District.
To: Director of Naval Intelligence.

Subj: Unidentified Flying Objects, Sighting of.

Ref: (a) OP-322V, PI16-3/7; conf ltr Ser 00L22P38 dt 1 Nov 49.
     (b) MTC, 13D/ Cont ltr AS-2(4)/13(C), Ser 059L/ dt 6 Jul 49.

Encl: (A) 2 copies of report of subject sighting by [ ]
      with sketch attached.

1. In accordance with reference (a), and as reported by reference (b),
   enclosure (A) is forwarded herewith.

2. The Commanding Officer, 25th Air Defense Command has been provided
   with a copy of Enclosure (A).

                           J. E. SR [ ]
                       BY DIRECTION
                           
[REDACTED]

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIE
``` 

The redacted areas and handwritten notes are included, but their content is either illegible or obscured.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present on this page. However, there is a handwritten or typewritten document which I can transcribe as text for you.

Here is the transcription of the text:

```
COPY                                              UNCLASSIFi.

A E R O C A R

                           Longview, Washington
                                  July 5, 1949

District Intelligence Office,
13th Naval District,
1611 W. Wheeler St.
Seattle 79, Washington.

Subject: Unidentified Objects Sighted July 3 at Longview.

Gentlemen:

As requested by your investigator who called on us this
morning the enclosed sketch is forworded to illundate the general
details of the sii-thing which occurred on the mornin;: of duiy 3,
1949. This was observed by in upward of 150 persons who were at
the lon-view Airport setting ready for the JJ Air Show. it was
viewed by our engineers, many pilots, police, prominent citizens,
etc. and is verified by all observers.

I0 experience in radio control of pilotless aircr ft (: "guided
missiles for the iavy at NAM during the war), and over 20 years
of air aircraft study does not permit my identification of the ob-
jects witch were seen. They definitely were not balloons, birds, common
Aircraft, parachutes, stars, Meterorites, paper, clouds, or other common
objects. they moved in a regular motion either straight or in curved
lines. They were not all approximately the same altitude two would be at
different courses as indicated on the sketch. The oscillations were
clearly visible and timed on the 3rd sighting.

A small group of people away from the airport have reported to me
that they later sighted three additional objects later in the morning.
at different times. These reports are from groups of repputable
people who also saw the objects while at the Air Show clearup calling
from Astoria from a **** objects at *****. to me this norm-
ing revealed that he had sighted an object at about 1000 feet described
as about the size of a IC3 that oscillated as it care down the coast
and turned to sea about 1300 the 3rd.

ness war and licensed pilot. Fe said other aircraft were in the air
at te time and this was not a common aircraft. He reported that a diff-
ferent aircraft sound attracted his attention to the.

I tried to alert the local radio siation to get observers to report
on direction and angle of observation from different localities and
report to me to try to triangulate for course and altitude. They thought
it was a possibility stunt and did not cooperate enough to permit getting
the desired data.

                                            UNCLASSIFie.

                                                             CLO:JSE (A)

COPY
```

There are some areas where the text is unclear or obscured due to poor quality of the scan or illegibility, and these are marked with asterisks or left as incomplete.

- page 4 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
COPY                                                    UNCLASSIFIED
                                                        District Intelligence Office, Page 2.

an effort will be made to get the local newspaper to print a story
on the value of simultaneous observations and I will try to get
people in the correct altitude sighting to time as many as possible might make a sighting, and thus permit
compiling speed and elevation data.

If I can be of any further assistance, do not hesitate to call on me.

                                                        Very truly yours,
                                                        s/
                                                        Commander SA3-11331.
                                                        File 70106

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS;
DOD DIR 5200.10

                                                    UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 5 -

The image provided is a text document and does not contain any photographs. The text in the document reads as follows:

"JET PILOT REVEALS FACTS OF EARLIER UFO SIGHT
The following UFO report—though one of the early sighting cases—has particular value because of the identity of the chief witness, Commander M. D. Taylor, USNR Retired. Commander Taylor, a former Navy pilot, was officer-in-charge of guided missile work under Rear Admiral Delemer S. Fahrney. This report was forwarded to NICAP by Commander Taylor after he saw press coverage of Admiral Fahrney’s views on ‘flying saucers’ and NICAP’s Board of Governors. “My good friend Admiral Del Fahrney has suggested that I write you the facts in regard to our experience in the flying saucer field,” Commander Taylor told NICAP. “During World War 2 we had extensive experience in the actual handling of guided missiles and pilotless aircraft by means of radio control, using television and radar direction, target kites, etc.
“We flew the first jet and rocket powered piloted missiles successfully launched in this country and accumulated many hours of flying aircraft of various types by remote control. We believe this experience qualifies us somewhat for the remote observation of aircraft and flight phenomena.”
The details of Commander Tayler’s report follow: Date — July 13, 1949
Location — Longview, Washinton
Weather — Clear with bright sunlight, poor visibility unlimited
On this particular date an Air Show was just getting under way at the Longview Fair Grounds. Approximately 200 persons of quality had gathered, including a number of retired pilots, parachute-jumpers, and charge of the public-address system, was commenting on the sky-writing maneuvers of a Stearman at 10,000 feet when a brilliant, round object suddenly appeared from the west.
“The object definitely was not with an advertising month,” Commander Tc.studles. The sharply tips as were rec. approximately 30 degrees above and below level—through a 60-degree angle.
“Many of the viewers were qualified airmen, all whom agreed on the local wind direction, against which the object moved in periods of undulation its metallic apperancy its maneuverability and seemingly light-insensitive control it could move through the speed across the sky high above the skywriting apparent aize in comparison with the Stearman and other observations which definitely precluded the possibility of its being a conventional aircraft, balloon, or the like.
The bottom appeared dark, Commander Taylor reported, and observers who saw it with 8x30 glasses cold it looked much like a disk used in ten ox events. The object appeared like brilliant metal when the sun finally reaches the right angle to flash off the rim.
“On top of it separated tiny domes on top of it.” the Commanders’s report continues. "My own observation as to size would be that if it were 10,000 feet level it would be about 50 feet in diameter.
“The object, when almost directly overhead, turned to the south. When it was about 60 degrees above the horizon it turned abruptly to the northeast. Then it disappeared behind a column of smoke which areas from a nearby paper mill at a height of 20,000 feet. This height we estimated on the basis of the direction of the smoke column curvature, and from later reports by the skywriting pilot. The object was well above the skywriting.”
Commander Taylor stated when the object was approximately around the 10,000 level, in “plan form,” its speed was slow as it neared the south, but after this it moved away rapidly.
“No noise," stated the former missile officer, “did anyone here a sound. Those of us at the Air Show saw only one such object, but others who arrived shortly afterward reported seeing up to a dozen or approximately the same time. Everyone agreed that the single object (seen at the Air Show) disappeared in apparent pursuit of the group.
Summing up the UFO report, Commander Taylor reaches this conclusion:
“The sighting was definitely of some flying objects unlike any thing here ever presently known. It appeared to move without causing a shock wave or after noise, although its speed during the latter part of its flight was such that one would expect to hear some sort of noise from it."

- page 6 -

The image contains no photographs, only typed text on a document with handwritten notes and markings. I will now proceed to act as an OCR and provide the output of the text found in the document.

---

UNCLASSIFIED INCIDENT NO. 389 
1. Date of Observation 3 July 1949 Date of Interview _________
2. Exact Time (local) (1) 1040 (2) 1019 (3) 1125
3. Place of Observation Longview, Washington
4. Position of observer Ground at airport
5. What attracted attention to object.
6. Number of objects 1
7. Apparent size of head of pin at arms length
8. Color of object Metallic
9. Shape Disc
10. Altitude 30,000' (1) 30° when first sighted (2 & 3) 45°
11. Direction from observer (1) NW (2 & 3) west
12. Distance from observer
13. Direction of flight of object(s)
14. Time in sight 3 Minutes
15. Speed 300 MPH
16. Sound and odor
17. Trail None
18. Luminosity Reflected
19. Projections
20. Maneuvers Constant altitude in large are.
21. Manner of disappearance Last from view directly overhead in sun.
22. Effect on Clouds
23. Additional Information Concerning Object- Definite, regular oscillation, timed at 4½ per minute.
24. Weather Conditions. Wind (surface) from SW, GAVU

(over)

UNCLASSIFIED

---

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this document image. Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Page 2                                                         Incident ______369______

Name and address of observer: _________________________________(observed by 150 other people at 
                                                              an Air Show).

Occupation and hobbies;          Comdr, USNR 
                                 Aeronautical Engineer
                                 Airport Manager

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s):

                                 Appears to be reliable


NARRATIVE SUMMARY:

   "At 1010J 3 July 1949, ___________________________, Comdr. SA(3), USNR, 76105, sighted
what he thought to be a flying disc while standing at the airport at Longview, 
Washington. ______________is an aeronautical engineer and manager of the airport at
Longview. _________stated that while on active duty he had had experience with the 
pilotless aircraft and guided missile program.

   _________stated that when he first sighted the disc, it appeared to be at an 
altitude of approximately 30,000 feet northwest of the airport and traveling in 
a southeasterly direction at 300 miles per hour. When first sighted, the disc 
had about 30 degrees of altitude. It remained in view three minutes, traveling 
at a constant altitude in a large arc from the position of initial sighting until 
lost directly overhead in the sun. A definite, regular oscillation was observed 
and was timed at the rate of 60 oscillations per minute. He described this 
motion as a skulling or falling leaf motion rather than a movement through the 
air of the disc.

   The wind was at all times observed to be from the southwest at a definite 
angle to the line of flight of the disc. This direction was confirmed by some-
stantly rising column of smoke from an industrial plant and by smoke from a sky-
writing at 10,000 feet. Weather reported ceiling and visibility unlimited all 
times with wisps of cirrus clouds in a small fractional portion of the sky. He
described the object as the size of the head of a pin hold at arm's length. It
was metallic in color and cast a reflection upon each oscillation. He stated
it was definitely circular rather than oval or oblong in shape. He was unable
to estimate its thickness. No smoke or vapor trail was observed.

   Upon the same occasion ________ reports observing a second disc at 1013J and 
a third at 1125J. He described them as identical to the first observed. These
were initially sighted at an altitude of 45 degrees from the west at approximately
30,000 feet. They also disappeared into the sun overhead after a three minutes'
observed flight.

   A local air show was scheduled for the afternoon of this day and there were 
approximately 150 people on the field at the time. All of those present saw the
object. Lt. Henry ________an stunt pilot of Big Bear, California, agrees with and 
confirms ______observations. Arthur Robertson, Longview, Washington, an 
aeronautical engineer and an employee of ____________estimated altitude of these 

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is a typed document text. Below is the text from the document:

---

2 3
Page 2 UNCLASSIFIED Incident 389

Name and address of observer;

Occupation and hobbies;

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer(s)

discuss at 7,000 feet and felt the first one could have been a balloon.
He stated it was yellowish in color. In his opinion, however, neither
of the last two observed could have been balloons.
NARRATIVE SUMMARY:
My experience in radio control of pilotless aircraft and guided
missiles for the Navy at NAIVI during the war, and over 20 years of air-
craft study does not permit my identification of the objects which were
seen. They definitely were not balloons, birds, common aircraft, para-
chutes, stars, meteors, paper, clouds, or other common objects. They
moved in a regular motion either straight or in curved lines. They were all at
at approximately the same altitude but moved on different courses as in-
dicated on the sketch. The oscillations were clearly visible and timed
on the 3rd sighting.
A small group of people away from the airport have reported to me that
they later sighted three additional objects later in the morning at different
times. These reports are from groups of reputatble and people who also saw the
objects while at the field. A phone call from Astoria from a Mr. L. Hal-
berg of 456 James St. to me this morning revealed that he had sighted an
object at about 1000 feet described as about the size of a DC3 his
oscillated his it came down too coast and turned to see out about 1300 the 3rd.
 --------- is a reputatble business man and licensed pilot. He said other
aircraft were in the air at the time and this was not a common aircraft.
He reported that a different aircraft sound attracted his attention to it.
I tried to alert the local radio station to get observations to report
on direction and angle of observation from different localities and report
to me to try to triangulate for course and altitude. They thought it was
a publicity stunt and did not cooperate enough to permit getting the
desired data.

UNCLASSIFIED 

--- 

Please note that some words and parts of the text are illegible due to the quality or the state of the original document.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a document with text only. Below is the text extracted from the document:

```
AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
25TH AIR DEFENSE DIVISION (DEF)
P.O. BOX 909, EVERETT, WASHINGTON

UNCLASSIFIED

OT 350.09                                                                        13 July 1949
SUBJECT: Project "SIGN"

TO:

Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
Attn: MCIAO-3

Commanding General
Continental Air Command
Mitchel Air Force Base, New York
Attn: Director of Intelligence

Chief of Staff
United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.
Attn: Dir of Intell, Requirements Div

Commanding General
Fourth Air Force
Hamilton Air Force Base
Hamilton, California
Attn: Director of Intelligence


In compliance with par. 1, ConAC Letter 200.1, 25 Mar 48, and
par. 5 and 6, Letter Fourth Air Force, file OT-350.09/2, dated 18 Feb
49, the following additional information, as relayed to this head-
quarters via the Portland Intelligence Office, Intelligence Division,
District, is submitted relative to subject matter contained in letter,
this headquarters, subject "Project "SIGN," file OT 350.09, dated
6 Jul 49:

"As requested by your investigator who called on us this
morning the enclosed sketch is forwarded to indicate the general
details of the sighting which occurred on the morning of July 3,
1949. This was observed by upward of 150 persons who were at
the Longview Airport getting ready for the JC Air Show. It was
viewed by our engineers, many pilots, police, prominent citizens,
etc. and is verified by all observers.

My experience in radio control of pilotless aircraft and
guided missiles for the Navy at NAMU during the war, and over 20
years of aircraft study does not permit my identification of
the objects which were seen. They definitely were not balloons,
birds, common aircraft, parachutes, stars, meteors, paper

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note, as OCR is not perfect, there may be minor inaccuracies in the transcription.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a typed report document. Here is all the text from the document:

```
OT 350.09                                       UNCLASSIFIED
Subject: Project "SIGN"                                 13 Jul 49

Clouds, or other common objects. They moved in a regular motion
either straight or in curved lines. They were all at approx-
imately the same altitude but moved on different courses as
indicated on the sketch. The oscillations were clearly visible
and timed on the 3rd sighting.

A small group of people away from the airport have reported
to me that they later sighted three additional objects later in
the morning at different times. These reports are from groups
of reputable people who also saw the objects while at the field.
A phone call from Astoria from a ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ reported
to me this morning revealed that he had sighted an object at
about 1000 feet described as about the size of a DC3 but
oscillated as it came down the coast and turned to the east
1300 the 3rd. ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ As a reputable business man and
licensed pilot. He said other aircraft were in the air at the
time and this was not a common aircraft. He reported that e
different aircraft sound attracted his attention to it.

I tried to alert the local radio station to get observers
to report on direction and angle of observation from different
localities and report to me as to try triangulate for course and
altitude. They thought it was a publicity stunt and did not
cooperate enough to permit getting the desired data.

An effort will be made to get the local newspaper to print
a story on the value of simultaneous observations and I will
try to get people to report any future sighting to the radio
station so that as many people as possible might make a sight-
ing and thus permit compiling speed and elevation data."

                                         FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:
                                         [Signature]
                                         WINFRED H. GALLANTINE
                                         Major USAF
                                         Intelligence Staff Officer

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS.
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCENSORED UNCLASSIFIED
```
Please note that there are some redactions, indicated by blocks, in the text where names or personally identifiable information may have been removed.

1 Incl.
Sketch

- page 11 -

The image presents a hand-drawn sketch related to a UFO report, not a photograph. It seems to be a diagram outlining the observation of an event with some smoke writing in the sky and the path of an object. The text labels indicate different aspects and observations, including elevation angles, locations, and other details relevant to the sighting described in the report.

Here's the text reproduced from the document:

---

Howe
WHO
Skywriting
@ 10,000

WRITING
DRIFT

APPROX.

UNCLAS 

LONGVIEW

PATH #3 1123
AIRPORT 0805ERVER

UNCLAS

Pulp Mill

APPROX.

UNCLAS

COWLITZ RIVER

45° ELEV.

1049 TEXASo

SLENT ENGINE (Hovers)
C+S+C

130° APPROX.

30° ELEV.

2 min.

800
ELEV.

Lost behind
Smoke.

Smoke
curved in
wind as
ascending.

Sketch made
after "H" -
added

SUN

COLUMBIA
RIVER

---

The document is unclassified ("UNCLAS") and seems to be mapping out trajectories and descriptions of objects observed, possibly relating to a UFO sighting. The sketch also includes references to geographical features like the Cowlitz and Columbia Rivers.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it is a scanned page from a document.

Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFI
AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
25TH AIR DEFENSE DIVISION (DEF)
P.O. BOX 909, EVERETT, WASHINGTON
6 July 1949
OI 350.09

SUBJECT: Project "SIGN"

TO: Commanding General
     Air Material Command
     Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
     Dayton, Ohio
     Attn: MCIAO-3
     Commanding General
     Continental Air Command
     Mitchel Air Force Base, New York
     Attn: Director of Intelligence
     Chief of Staff
     United States Air Force
     Washington 25, D.C.
     Attn: Dir of Intell, Requirements Div.
     Commanding General
     Fourth Air Force
     Hamilton Air Force Base
     Hamilton, California
     Attn: Director of Intelligence

1. In compliance with par. 1, ConAC Letter 200-1, 25 Mar 48,
and par. 5 and 6, letter Fourth Air Force, file 0-30509/2, dated
18 Feb 49, the following information as relayed to this headquarters
via the District Intelligence Officer, Thirteenth Naval District, is
submitted:

     "At 1030Z 3 July 1949, the --------------, Comdr. SA(3),
USNR, 76108, sighted what he thought to be a flying disc while
standing at the airport at Longview, Washington. --------------- is an
aeronautical engineer and manager of the airport at Longview.
Taylor stated that while on active duty he had had experience
with the pilotless aircraft and guided missile program.

---------------- stated that when he first sighted the disc, it
appeared to be at an altitude of approximately 30,000 feet
northwest of the airport and traveling in a southeasterly
direction at 300 miles per hour. When first sighted, the disc
had about 30 degrees of altitude. It remained in view three
minutes, traveling at a constant altitude in a large arc from
the position of initial sighting until lost directly overhead
```

Please note that there are segments intentionally redacted, indicated by lines of "----------------".

- page 13 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a text-based document that appears to be a page from a UFO report from Project Blue Book. Below is the OCR output of all the text found in the document:

---

OT 350.09
6 July 49
Subject: Project "SIGN"

UNCLASSIFIED

In the sun. A definite, regular oscillation was observed and
was timed at the rate of 48 oscillations per minute. He
described this motion as a skulling or falling leaf motion
rather than a movement through the axis of the disc.

The wind was at all times observed to be from the south-
west at a definite angle to the line of flight of the disc.
This direction was confirmed by a constantly rising column of
smoke from an industrial plant and by smoke from smything
at 10,000 feet. Reported ceiling and visibility un-
limited at all times with wisps of cirrus clouds in a small
fractional portion of the sky. He described the object as
the size of the head of a pin held at arm's length. It was
metallic in color and cast a reflection upon the ocular.
He stated it was definitely circular rather than oval or
globular in shape. He was unable to estimate its thickness.
No smoke or vapor trail was observed.

Upon the same occasion reports observing a second
disc at 1049T and a third at 1125T. He described them as
identical to the first observed. These were initially sighted
at an altitude of 45 degrees from the west at approximately
30,000 feet. They also disappeared into the sun overhead after
a three minutes' observed flight.

A local at a show was scheduled for the afternoon of this
day and there were approximately 150 people on the field at
this time. All of those present saw the objects.
is a stunt pilot of Big Bear, California, agrees with
and confirms Mr. observations.
, Washington, an aeronautical engineer and an em-
ployee of estimated altitude of these discs at
7,000 feet and felt the first one could have been a balloon.
He stated it was yellowish in color. In his opinion, how-
ever, neither of the last two observed could have been
balloons.

feels that because of his background and experience
with balloons and pilotless aircraft, he is well qualified to
determine whether these objects were conventional aircraft or
balloons of any type. He is positive they were neither.

, Longview, Washington, reports observ-
ing a disc similar to those described above in the same region

UNCLASSIFIED
2

---

Please note that parts of the text are redacted, as indicated by the black redaction bars, and placeholders such as "reports observing a second disc," which suggests sections where individual names or other information might have been removed before declassification or release.


- page 14 -

