The image you provided is a text document, there are no photographs present. Here is the OCR text output from the document:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE                     2. LOCATION
28 Nov 1949                 Mt. Palomar, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP          4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Local                       O Ground-Visual    QGround-Radar
GMT                         O AirVisual        O Air-Intercept Radar 

5. PHOTOS                   6. SOURCE
O Yes                       Civ
P No

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION    8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS      9. COURSE
Varied                      Varied                    Varied

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Flying discs first observed near the observatory at Mt. Palomar, California. A 
recording geiger counter was so activated at the time of these sightings, that it went 
completely off scale.

11. COMMENTS
EVAL: Equipment malfunction. 
A complete re-check of the counter was accomplished and a faulty fuse clip was found.

12. CONCLUSIONS
O Was Balloon
O Probably Balloon
O Possibly Balloon
O Was Aircraft
O Probably Aircraft
O Possibly Aircraft
O Was Astronomical
O Probably Astronomical
O Possibly Astronomical
O Chg. Equip, malfunction 
O Insufficient Data for Evaluation 
O Unknown
```

Please note that due to the quality of the image, the OCR process may not be perfect and some parts might be misinterpreted. I've matched the output as closely as possible to the content of the image.

- page 1 -

The image provided is a scan of a handwritten document and does not contain any photographs.

Here is the transcription of the text found in the document:

```
Telescope and Camera
+2

25 May, 1952 ✓ Negative

26 Aug., 1952 ✓ Negative
28 Aug., 1952 ✓ Negative

23 Jan., 1953 ✓ 1 (See next page)
24 Jan., 1953 ✓ Negative

1 Oct., 1953 ✓ 1 (See next page)
2 Oct., 1953 ✓ Negative
4 Oct., 1953 ✓ Negative
9 Oct., 1953 ✓ Negative

29 Jan., 1953 ✓ Negative
15 June, 1950 ✓ Negative
```

- page 2 -

The image you provided does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned image of a handwritten document. Below is the text produced by acting as an OCR:

Info denied.
1. Name & date of paper
2. Name of writer - time, place.
3. Can we get copies of clipping

23 June - 1950
June/issue disappearing att. to Abilene, Texas on the
23 June 1950. at 12:15 p.m. Fire ball in the sky - airplane
in area - at this might have caused sighting - vapor trail
along air the setting sun. Too Brigt toBd from Sun & 
17:15 at 40,00FT + - saws nothing unusual
24 June 1950 - Albany Journal

30 Sept -1950
Winged Oval then were Sundelin Crest" -flying
orange colord oval with 1 wing like rays were Thursday nigt by Mo. andness firsthand drawn 1305 West Mazeld,
Abq. N. Mux. seen for 15 minutes
- 1 Oct 1950 - ABQ. Journal

Files of Albuquerque Paper checked and above
sighting had. Chance was made at tree.day as did a division
was deducted.

- page 3 -

There are no photographs present on this page. Here is the text from the document as requested:

Personnel

W.W. Carter, Ph.D. in physics from Cal Tech. Did 
work at Mt. Wilson Observatory. T. weapons Division
at Los Alamos.

H.T. Gittings, Jr. - B.S. in physics from University of
Arizona. In Ordnance lab at Los Alamos.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it appears to be a written document with some sort of symbols or diagrams (small circles labeled A, B, C) next to some of the text entries.

Here is the text as requested:

```
28 August 1952 - G.tti... 0212 m.s.t
A ●
B ●
C ●

25 May 1952 - G.tti... 0120m.t (Radar at 0958)
A ●
B ●
C ●

26 August 1952 1492 m.s.t
A ●
B ●
C ●
```

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a sketch or drawing with labeled points and some connected lines.

2 Oct 1950 (1905)

E
A
B
c
D
C
H

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page with hand-drawn diagrams. The diagrams appear to represent two separate events or observations, with details such as labels and paths sketched alongside some dots.

The following is the text present on the document:

```
9 Oct 1950 (0900 m.t.)

   F        O      A

   F       O      B

   G       D
             C      D

   G
        H

1 Oct 1950 (0720)

   F             O      A

   F           O       B

   G       G

        H
```

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It comprises a typed document with text only. Here is the text from the document:

---

Memorandum for Record                                                             29 December 1952

Subject: Preparation for trip to Los Alamos, N.M., and the West Coast

1. At approximately 1330 on 29 Dec 52, Capt Ruppelt called Lt Col Paul H. Butman (telephone: Sterling 36000 - Extension 221), Division of Military Application, Atomic Energy Commission, Washington, D.C. Purpose of the call was to coordinate the visit to Los Alamos. Col Butman has previously been briefed on the possible correlation between detection of radiation from unknown sources and unidentified flying objects by Capt Ruppelt during a visit to AEC approximately two weeks ago. Col Butman was requested to contact Los Alamos laboratories and request that Mr. Carter, Mr. Gittings, and Mr. Simmons come to Albuquerque for the interrogation if possible. In this was impossible, it was requested that Capt Ruppelt and Lt Olsson be given a clearance to talk to them at Los Alamos. Col Butman stated that he would wire to Los Alamos and that they would fire back directly to ATIC stating which of the two plans would be followed. (i.e., Whether we would meet them at Los Alamos or Albuquerque.) Col Butman was also informed that the Sandia Corporation had also requested a briefing and that ATIC planned to do this on either the sixth or seventh of January. Col Butman stated that it would be alright for ATIC to make direct contact with these people to arrange for a briefing.

2. At approximately 1500 on 29 Dec 52, Capt Ruppelt called Lt Gene D. Parrish, Director of Intelligence, 4th Air Division, Kirland Air Force Base. The purpose of the call was to advise Lt Parrish that Capt Ruppelt and Lt Olsson would be in Albuquerque on Sunday, 4 Jan 53, and to inquire as to whether or not it would be alright to hold a meeting in Lt Parrish's office. Lt Parrish stated that it would be alright and that he was anxious to have us come down. Lt Parrish was also asked to contact Mr. William R. Perret, Division 511, at the Sandia Corporation, who wrote the letter to ATIC requesting a briefing. Lt Parrish was asked to inform Mr. Perret of the proposed briefing and to have Mr. Perret wire ATIC as to a final date.

---

- page 8 -

The image is a scanned document and does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

```
Memorandum for Record                                   29 December 1952

Subject: Preparation for trip to Los Alamos, N.M., and the West Coast

1. At approximately 1330 on 29 Dec 52, Capt Ruppelt called Lt Col Paul
H. Butman (telephone Sterling 35000- Extension 221), Division of Military
Application, Atomic Energy Commission, Washington, D.C. Purpose of the call
was to coordinate the visit to Los Alamos. Col Butman has previously been
briefed on the possible correlation between detection of radiation from un-
known sources and unidentified flying objects by Capt Ruppelt during a visit
to AEC approximately two weeks ago. Col Butman was requested to contact Los
Alamos laboratories and request that Mr. Carter, Mr. Gittings, and Mr. Sim-
mons come to Albuquerque for the interrogation if possible. In this was
impossible, it was requested that Capt Ruppelt and Lt Olsson be given a
clearance to talk to them at Los Alamos. Col Butman stated that he would
write to Los Alamos and that they were back directly to ATIC stating which of
the two plans would be followed. (i.e., whether we would meet them at Los
Alamos or Albuquerque.) Col Butman was also informed that the Sandia Cor-
poration had also requested a briefing and that ATIC planned to do this on
either the sixth or seventh of January. Col Butman stated that it would be
alright for ATIC to make direct contact with these people to arrange for a
briefing.

2. At approximately 1500 on 29 Dec 52, Capt Ruppelt called Lt Glen D.
Parrish, Director of Intelligence, 34th Air Division, Kirtland AF Base. The
purpose of the call was to advise Lt Parrish that Capt Ruppelt and Lt Olsson
would be in Albuquerque on Sunday, 4 Jan 53, and to inquire as to whether or
not it would be alright to hold a meeting in Lt Parrish's office. Lt Par-
rish stated that it would be alright and that he was anxious to have us come
down. Lt Parrish was also asked to contact Mr. William R. Perret, Division
511, at the Sandia Corporation, who wrote the letter to ATIC requesting a
briefing. Lt Parrish was asked to inform Mr. Perret of the proposed briefing
and to have Mr. Perret wire ATIC as to a final date.
```

- page 9 -

There are no photographs present in the image you have provided. Here is the full text reproduced from the image:

---

Memorandum for Record                                                              15 December 1952

SUBJECT: Call to Los Alamos, New Mexico

1. On the evening of 15 Dec 52, Capt E. J. Ruppelt called Mr. Homer T. Gittings, Jr., of 1537B Wlst Street, Los Alamos, New Mexico (Tele: 24850). The purpose of the call was to contact Mr. ******* in regard to some previous data that Capt Ruppelt had obtained about a correlation between the visual sightings of UFO and radiation from unknown sources. Previous to this, Capt Ruppelt sent Mr. ******** a registered letter requesting the data, but the letter was returned as unclaimed. Mr. ******** explained that when the letter arrived, he had been out of town and the post office had gotten mixed up on his instructions to hold any mail and had returned the letter.

2. Although not too much data could be obtained over the telephone, Mr. ****** did shed some light on some of the questions that had been asked in regard to the correlations. In the first place, a Mr. *********** of Los Alamos, New Mexico, phone 22663, was the person who knew people at Mt. Palomar who had also seen unidentified aerial objects at the same time they had detected some radiation. Contrary to previous beliefs, Mr. ****** was not there at the time and only heard of the incident through personal letters from these people at Mt. Palomar. Mr. ************ stated that he was sure that Mr. ****** could give us the names of the people at Palomar and there is a possibility that they are still there. The other gentleman involved in the sightings at Los Alamos is a Mr. ***************. Mr. *********** stated that between 1 Oct 51 and 1 Oct 52 he had picked three or four definite indications of radiation from unknown sources and that several of them had correlated with newspaper articles within two hours. He was not sure how many Mr. ****** obtained.

3. In describing the nature of the radiation which had been picked up, Mr. ********* stated that "they picked up a vertical component - a particle that penetrated three thin walled tubes and the roof of the building". The tubes are 5/8 inches in diameter and 2 inches on center. He stated that they had checked all sources of radiation from the laboratory and that this type of radiation was far out of line for any cosmic activity.

4. Mr. ******** was asked to obtain more information on the type of equipment that was used to get the radiation, the exact dates and time of all indicated radiation, and a little bit of background on each of the people. He was also told that personnel from Blue Book would try to contact him personally within the next two or three weeks to obtain all of this information.

---

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the image of the document.

Here's the text from the document as per your request:

```
Memorandum for Record                                                15 December 1952

SUBJECT: Call to Los Alamos, New Mexico

1. On the evening of 15 Dec 52, Capt E. J. Ruppelt called Mr. Homer T.
Gittings, Jr., of 1537B 14th Street, Los Alamos, New Mexico (Telef 2650).
The purpose of the call was to contact Mr. Gittings in regard to some pre-
vious data that Capt Ruppelt had obtained about a correlation between the
visual sightings of UFO and radiation from unknown sources. Previous to this,
Capt Ruppelt sent Mr. (redacted) as a registered letter refilesting the data, but
the letter was returned as unclaimed. Mr. (redacted) explained that when the
letter arrived, he had been out of town and the post office had gotten mixed
up on his instructions to hold any mail and had returned the letter.

2. Although not too much data could be obtained over the telephone, Mr. (redacted)
(censored) did shed some light on some of the questions that had been asked in
regard to the correlations. In the first place, a Mr. (redacted) from
Los Alamos, New Mexico, Phone (redacted) was the person who knew pee-
ple at Mt. Palomar who had also seen uncontradictory aerial objects at the same
time they had detected some radiation. Confirm to previous beliefs, Mr. (redacted)
was not there at the time and only heard of the incident through personal sur-
faces from these people at Mt. Palomar. Mr. (redacted) stated that he was sure
that Mr. (redacted) could give us the names of the people at Palomar and then is
a possibility that they are still there. The other gentlemen involved in the
incident at Los Alamos is a Mr. (redacted) who reportedly lives at 192
(remainder of text on line censored) and (remainder of text on line censored)
of radiation from unknown sources and that several of them had correlated with
newspaper articles within two hours. He was not sure how many Mr. Carter
obtained.

3. In describing the nature of the radiation which had been picked up,
Mr. (redacted) stated that "they picked up a vertical component - a particle
that penetrated three thin walled tubes and the roof of the building". The
tubes are 5/8 inches in diameter and 2 inches on center. He stated that they
had checked all sources of radiation from the laboratory and that this type
of radiation was far out of line for any cosmic activity.

4. Mr. (redacted) was asked to obtain more information on the type of equip-
ment that was used to get the radiation, the exact dates and time of all indi-
cated radiation, and a little bit of background on each of the people. He was
also told that personnel from Blue Book would try to contact him personally
within the next two or three weeks to obtain all of this information.
```

- page 11 -

The image you uploaded does not contain a photograph. Here is the text output from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
--------------------------
                 Address reply to
                 Director and refer to:
                 ONR/Pas&WNA: lw
                 All
                 Serial SC-3064
                 23 Dec 1952

DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY
OFFICE OF NAVAL RESEARCH
PASADENA BRANCH
1030 S. Green Street
Pasadena 1, California

FROM: Director, Office of Naval Research Branch Office, Pasadena

TO: Chief of Naval Research (Code 346)

SUBJ: Details on old report of unusual phenomena; forwarding of

REF: (a) ONR/Wash Regltr ltr ser 30402 dtd Dec 1952
     (b) ONR/Pasa Regltr ltr ser COC166389 dtd 23 NOV 1949
     (c) NR/Conf ltr ser 0570-388 dtd 30 Jan 1950

Encl: (1) ltr cyy of reference (b) w/encls

1. At the request of reference (a) an effort has been made to discover
additional information concerning recurrences of the type reported by this
Office in November 1949, reference (b). Dr. Thomas of the Navy
Electronics Laboratory, reports that no further incidents were observed
although the equipment was operated at Palomar until about a year ago.

2. Enclosure (1) is forwarded for the convenience of LCDR E. L. Thomas.
It is believed to be a full account containing all that was known at the
time. Subsequently, the only development known to this office came in
January 1950 when, in response to further reports of erratic equipment
behavior, the apparatus was returned to NEL for a detailed check. A
faulty fuse clip was found. According to referee (c), very slight
jarring of this clip produced a visible arc together with a spurious
signal indicated on the aural alarm and an aberration of the recorder pen.

3. If further details are required this office will endeavor to supply
them.

                                                        S/T. H. TEMPLETON

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DoD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 12 -

There are no photographs in the image provided.

Here is the text output from the document shown:

```
ROUTING
JOINT MESSAGEFORM
COMMUNICATIONS CENTER NO.

UNCLASSIFIED

SPACE ABOVE FOR COMMUNICATIONS CENTER ONLY

DATE-TIME GROUP SECURITY-CLASSIFICATION
021400Z DEC 52
FROM: (Originator)
CG ATIC
PRECEDENCE | ACTION
FOR: ROUTINE
TO: DIV OF MILITARY APPLICATION
US ATOMIC ENERGY COMMISSION
1901 CONSTITUTION AVE WASH 25 DC
BOOK MESSAGE ORIGINAL MESSAGE
MULTIPLE ADDRESS CRYPTOSECURITY
YES NO
REFERS TO MESSAGE:
INFO: IDENTIFICATION CLASSIFICATION
Killed by ordee of
2 Dec (1952
FROM: AFOIN-ATIAA
FOR LT COL P M BUTMAN

Reference telephone call from Maj I. Herman on 1 Dec 52. After briefing by Col 
Bower and Capt Ruppelt of this Center on unidentified flying objects at Los Alamos 
on 23 Oct 52, Dr. W. H. Crew arranged a special meeting with a small group of people 
from the laboratory. Several of these people had evidence that there was a possible 
correlation between sightings of unidentified flying objects and unusual radiation 
detection. Among this group were a Mr. ------ and a Mr. -------. The 
preliminary data obtained from these people has been studied and it is now believed 
advisable to contact them again and get more details to determine whether or not ATIC 
should make a more complete study of the subject. It is requested that if it can be 
arranged, a meeting with these people be set up.for the morning of 10 Dec 52. The 
meeting will not be more than four to five hours. ATIC 
personnel will be Maj Edgar W. Gregory, II, who has an Air Force Top Secret

SECURITY INFORMATION UNCLASSIFIED

PAGE 1 OF 2 PAGES
```

- page 13 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It is a document with text which I will transcribe below:

---

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

ROUTING

COMMUNICATIONS CENTER NO.

FROM: (Originator)         SPACE ABOVE FOR COMMUNICATIONS CENTER ONLY                  UNCLASSIFIED

CG ATIC

DATE-TIME GROUP 
021400Z DEC 52

TO:      PRECEDENCE                    ACTION                      INFORMATION
                                FOR:
                              [ ] BOOK MESSAGE          [ ] ORIGINAL MESSAGE
                              [ ] MULTIPLE ADDRESS  CRYPTOEREUCTION
                                                                                          [ ] YES              [ ] NO 
INFO:                                                                     REFERS TO MESSAGE:
                                                                             IDENTIFICATION                                CLASSIFICATION

clearance, and Capt Edward J. Ruppelt, who has an Air Force Top Secret and an AEC 
"Q" type clearance. Request reservations be made on morning Careco Airlines flight
and that ATIC be advised who to contact if requested meeting can be arranged.

UNCLASSIFIED

[152-19517-/]

DRAFTERS NAME (signature, when required)

CAPT E. J. RUPPELT/vsb

SYMBOL                                                                 RELEASEING OFFICER'S SIGNATURE

ATIAA-5  

TELEPHONE 
65365

OFFICIAL TITLE                                                              ROBERT E. KENNDY, MAJOR, USAF
                                                                                             AIR ADJUTANT GENERAL

DD Form 173                                                                                                 MAY 49                                 
FORM 173 REPLACES WD AGO FORM 11-1 IS JUN 1945, AND WD AGO FORM 099, 
1 APR 1941, WHICH MAY BE USED.

16—680224—1     U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1950—0—874964

PAGE 2 OF 2 PAGES

--- 

Please note that the document has some sections that are not fully clear, which might result in minor inaccuracies in transcription.

- page 14 -

There are no photographs present in the image you provided. Here is the text output:

---
RECOMMENDATION:

8. That Capt E. J. Ruppelt and a member of the Section Office be placed
on seven days TDY to Los Alamos, New Mexico; Kirtland AFB, New Mexico; and
Dobbins AFB, Georgia.

COORDINATION:

ATIAA-5   Capt Ruppelt, Ch, Aerial Phenomena Section_____1 Dec 52
                  
ATIAA        Maj Herman, Ch, A/C & Prop Branch _______1 Dec 52
                  
ATIA          Col Bower, Ch, Tech Analysis Div_________1 Dec 52
                  
ATIM          Lt Col McKenzie, Comptroller____________1 Dec 52
                  
ATI            Brig Gen Garland, CG, ATIC_____________1 Dec 52
---

- page 15 -

There are no photographs present on the page you have provided.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will transcribe the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

CSAF ITM 6 (RESTRICTED)
SECURITY INFORMATION
TO ATIAA-5 RUPPELT
FR AFOIN-242 FOURNET
REF OUR PHONE. CONVERSATION 3 NOV.LCDR
THOMAS OF ONR HAS MADE INQUIRY RE 2 REPORTS
FROM PALOMAR EARLY 50. HOLLOWAY REMEMBERS 
SEEING THEM BUT THEY ARE NOT AVAIL HERE NOW.
THOMAS IS WRITING TO PASADNA OFFICE A
OF ONR, FROM WHICH REPORTS ORIGINATED,
AND ASKING FOR COMPLETE CYS. HE WILL ADVISE
ME OF DEVELOPMENTS AND I WILL KEEP YOU INFORMED.
INCIDENTALLY HOLLOWAY STATES THAT LIDELL
EVINCED QUITE A BIT OF INTEREST THESE REPORTS
WHEN FIRST RECD. HOWEVER UPON DECIDING THAT
THE EXPLANATION WAS A SHORT CIRCUIT IN COUNTERS
HE PROMPTLY BURIED IT WITH THE OTHER EXPLAINED*
REPORTS HOLLOWAY NOW EXHIBITS INTEREST IN
OTHER SIGHTINGS OF SIMILAR NATURE WHICHOWSA

UNCLASSIFIED
```

There is some handwriting on the page which has not been included in the OCR output as requested.

- page 16 -

The image provided is of a typewritten document page with the header "UNCLASSIFIED". There are no photographs present in the image.

Here is the text as it appears in the image:

```
                             UNCLASSIFIED
4 Nov 52

SUBJECT: Visit to WADC

Facts and Discussion

1. On 14 Nov 52 Capt. J. Ruppelt and Lt. R. M. Olsson visited Col Hood, chief
of the Nuclear Powered Aircraft Branch of WADC. Previous to this visit, Col Hood
had contacted ATIC in regard to certain sightings of UFO's at Oak Ridge National
Laboratory, Tennessee, in which he and a Naval officer had attempted to obtain cor-
relation between sightings and peaks in radiation backgrounds.

2. Col Hood stated that in Jul 50, (the person who was then head of the Phy-
sics Department at Vanderbilt University) said Hood could not recall his name, but
stated he would find our and notify ATIC (Col. Hood the believed there might be
some correlation between sightings of UFO's and increases in radiation. Col. Hood
and a Naval officer became interested and attempted to correlate these occurances.

3. To effect this correlation, they went to a radar site at the Knoxville
Airport (now an ADC Airt/CW Squadron - he did not know for sure whether or not it was
ADC at that time) and got a copy on their log of unknown tracks. They then got
the records from several radiation monitoring stations in the Oak Ridge Area and
attempted to make a correlation. Their attempts to correlate the data were not 
too successful. The radiation detection equipment that was used was the standard
equipment set up to monitor the background count in four separate areas at the
laboratory. One type of counter measured alpha radiation and one type gamma ra-
diation. (These were not the directional type of coincidence counters used at Los
Alamos) Col Hood states that approximately three times per month peaks would be
recorded on the tapes, sometimes on either the alpha counter or gamma counter
and sometimes on both simultaneously. They took these peaks and the unknown radar
pickups and in some cases were able to correlate them. No written record was made
or kept, consequently, the percent correlation is not known.

4. Col Hood gave the name of a Mr. Ira Bettis of the Oak Ridge National Labo-
ratory who could possibly give more details. Mr. Bettis is an electronics spec-
ialist on the NEPA project.

5. The possibility of detecting the passage of a nuclear powered aircraft
was discussed. Col Hood stated that ground counters would definitely register if
such an aircraft passed overhead. He said that if he remembered correctly, it
had been computed that the aircraft being designed in the U.S. would give [Rontgen
from an altitude of 50']. This is not dangerous if taken instantaneously. (For
persons continually exposed, 1/8 of this is the limit.) This 1 Rontgen at 50' drops
off with the square of the distance or R = k/d^e. He stated that naturally the
shielding determines how much radiation would be detected. On an unshielded mis-
sile the level would rise by a factor of 10^8. As far as can be determined, this
would be the only way to detect a nuclear powered aircraft as the configuration is
completely conventional.

                   DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED
                   AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10

                             UNCLASSIFIED SECURITY INFORMATION
```

Please note that the OCR transcription might contain minor errors due to unclear text or possible OCR misinterpretations.

- page 17 -

There are no photographs on the provided page. Here is the text output from the document:

---

UNCLASSiit i.i,j

6. The possibility of instrumentation was discussed. Col Hood said that
during l950 an airborne counter had been devised and attempts were made to use
it in the wing tank of an F-47 at Oak Ridge. As far as he knew, this was never
done because they could not get a powerful enough power source. He stated he
didn't believe an airborne system would be too successful because the area that
would give radiation would be too localized. His idea on instrumentation was to
utilize a magnetometer in an effort to establish whether or not a reported ob-
ject was material or not. (Contrary to what we've been told, he believed a mag-
netometer could be easily obtained that had a fairly long range - up to 50 to
75,000', if not more.) He suggested a setup of several types of instruments all
cross checking each other, a magnetometer, a directional coincidence counter for
radiation and radar.

7. During his visit to ATIC this summer, Col Hood had mentioned the fact
that his branch was interested in Einstein's latest theories on a relationship
between gravity and lines of magnetic force (?!?). His branch has contacted Ein-
stein and obtained the names of several people whom he thought could pursue this
idea further and determine how his theory could be utilized for power. The Of-
fice of Flight Research is now contacting these people to see whether or not they
would accept a study contract.

8. Col Hood's suggestion was that we go ahead with a limited instrumenta-
tion program now. His idea was that the cost would be low and he believes we
could get at least preliminary data that we could expand on. He offered ATIC
any aid his branch could give.

Conclusions

9. The only conclusion is that these people made a very preliminary type
of study on the correlation of unknown radar pickups and rises in radiation.
There is definitely nothing to "get our teeth into". Again, however, there are
indications that there may be some correlation present.

10. The use of a magnetometer may be feasible to determine whether a mater-
ial object is present and if this object is in any way utilizing the earths mag-
netic field in any way.

Recommendations

11. More details on the incidents at Oak Ridge should be obtained. Mr. Bet-
tis and the head of the Physics Department at Vanderbilt University should be con-
tacted to see if any correlations have been attempted since 1950.

12. Someone at TADC should be contacted to learn more about magnetometers.

UNCLASSIFIED

SECURITY INFORMATION

---

- page 18 -

There are no photographs present in this image. The image contains a text-based document. Here is the text output as if I were an OCR system:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT: Visit to WADC

Facts and Discussion

1. On 4 Nov 52 Capt E. J. Ruppelt and Lt R. M. Olsson visited Col Hood, chief
of the Nuclear Powered Aircraft Branch of WADC. Prevuous to this visit, Col Hood
had contacted ATIC in regard to certain sightings of UFO's at Oak Ridge National
Laboratory, Tennessee, in which he and a Naval officer had attempted to obtain cor-
relation between sightings and peaks in radiation backgrounds.

2. Col Hood stated that in Jul 50, the person who was then head of the Phy-
sics Department at Vanderbilt University (Col Hood could not recall his name, but
stated he would find out and notify ATIC) said that he believed there might be
some correlation between sightings of UFO's and increases in radiation. Col Hood
and a Naval officer became interosted and attempted to correlate these occurances.

3. To effect this correlation, they went to a radar site at the Knoxville
Airport (now an ADC Squadron – he did not know for sure whether or not it was
ADC at that time) and got a copy of their log of unknown tracks. They then got
the records from several radiation monitoring stations in the Oak Ridge area and
attempted to make a correlation. Their attempts to correlate the data were not
too successful. The radiation detection equipmnt that was used was the standard
equipment set up to monitor the background count in four separate areas at the
laboratory. One type of counter measured alpha radiation and one type gamma ra-
diation (these were not the directional types of coincidence counters used at Los
Alamos). Col Hood stated that approximately three times per month, peaks would
be recorded on the tapes, sometimes on other the alpha counter or gamma counter
and sometimes on both simultaneously. They took these peaks and the unknown radar
pickup and in some cases were able to correlate them. No written record was made
or kept, consequently, the percent correlation is not known.

4. Col Hood gave the name of a Mr. E. Bettis of the Oak Ridge National Labo-
ratory who could possibly give more details. Mr. Bettis is an electronics spe-
cialist on the NEPA project.

5. The possibility of detecting the passage of a nuclear powered aircraft
was discussed. Col Hood stated that ground counters would definitely register if
such an aircraft passed overhead. He said that if he remembered correctly, it
had been computed that the aircraft being designed in the U.S. would give 1 Rontgen
from an altitude of 50'. This is not dangerous if taken instantaneously. (For
persons continually exposed, 1/8 of this is the limit.) This 1 Rontgen at 50'
off with the square of the distance or k/r² de distance. That normally the
shielding determines how much radiation would be detected on an unshielded mis-
sile the level would rise by a factor of 10⁵. As far as can be determinind, this
would be the only way to detect a nuclear powered aircraft as the configuration is
completely convetional.

UNCLASSIFIED

SECURITY INFORMATION
```

- page 19 -

The image provided appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book report. There are no photographs present in the image. Here is the text from the document:

---
UNCLASS,
6. The possibility of instrumentation was discussed. Col Hood said that during 1950 an airborne counter had been devised and attempts were made to use it in the wing tank of an F-47 at Oak Ridge. As far as he knew, this was never done because they could not get a powerful enough power source. He stated he didn't believe an airborne system would be too successful because the area that would give radiation would be too localized. His own instrumentation was to utilize a magnetometer in an effort to establish whether or not a reported object was material or not. (Contrary to what we've been told, he believed a magnetometer could be easily obtained that had a fairly long range - up to 50 to 75,000', if not more.) He suggested a setup of several types of instruments all cross checking each other, a magnetometer, a directional coincidence counter for radiation and radar.

7. During his visit to ATIC this summer, Col Hood had mentioned the fact that his branch was interested in Einstein’s latest theories on a relationship between gravity and lines of magnetic force(???). His branch has contacted Einstein and obtained the names of several people whom he thought could pursue this idea further and determine how this theory could be utilized for power. The Office of Flight Research is now contacting these people to see whether or not they would accept a study contract.

8. Col. Hood's suggestion was that we go ahead with a limited instrumentation program now. His idea was that the cost would be low and he believes we could at least preliminary data that we could expand on. He offered ATIC any aid his branch could give.

Conclusions

9. The only conclusion is that these people made a very preliminary type of study on the correlation of unknown radar pickups and rises in radiation. There is definitely nothing to "get our teeth into". Again, however, there are indications that there may be some correlation present.

10. The use of a magnetometer may be feasible to determine whether a material object is present and if this object is in any way utilizing the earths magnetic field in any way.

Recommendations

11. More details on the incidents at Oak Ridge should be obtained. Mr. Bettis and the head of the Physics Department at Vanderbilt University should be contacted to see if any correlations have been attempted since 1950.

12. Someone at WADC should be contacted to learn more about magnetometers.

UNCLASSIFIED

SECURITY INFORMATION

---

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It's a text document; I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and provide the text output from the document:

```
3 November 1952
Box 9586
Hq 1125th FAG (ATIC)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Mr. Homer T. Gittings, Jr.
15378 Ll Street
Los Alamos, New Mexico

Dear Mr. Gittings:

When Col Bower and I were at Los Alamos on 23 Oct giving the
briefing on unidentified aerial phenomena, we discussed the cor-
relation between sightings of UAP and the detection of certain
types of radiation. At that time, we unfortunately didn't get too
many details down on paper as we were too busy talking. Upon re-
turning to Dayton, we discussed this correlation with several
people and fortunately a great deal of interest has been aroused.
I was wondering if it would be possible for you to collect all of
the details you can on two recent high visual sightings and the
radiation detection on both the incidents at Palomar and at Los
Alamos. We are now attempting to run down your reports to the
Los Alamos security people and the Navy reports at Palomar. We
may not be able to find them, however, and would like to have what
you can dig up.

The following are some of the details we would like to have
on each incident, if you can get them:

1. Description of visual sighting including shapes,
apparent speed (fast, hovering, etc.), time of day sighted,
dates, etc.

2. Description of type of radiation detected if it is
known, how time this radiation was detected correlates with the
visual sightings, type of equipment used, etc.

3. Persons who made visual observations and instrument
readings, and a little bit about their experience or background.
We would like to have their names if they don't mind we'll be
sure that they don't get out. This information is necessary so we
can show that the persons making the observations were experienced
in their fields. I believe some instrument readings were correlated
with newspaper reports. In these cases forget about the observer,
but if you can remember which newspaper the visual sighting came
from, we can check back on the source.

4. Any comments you might have as to conclusions reached,
checks made on the possible origin of the radiation, etc.

5. Any additional information you may have or can think
of that might be of interest.
```

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page of text from a document. Here is the text from the document:

---

I almost forgot to add that we would also like to have a list
of dates, times and locations you or any of your friends detected
an "unidentified radiation" you could not correlate with a visual 
sighting and we will check all of the local newspapers in an attempt 
to dig up correlations for you. I checked the list of October of 
1950 dates that on of your people at the meeting gave me, and we
had nothing. This doesn't mean anything, however, as our files are
far from complete in covering sightings at that time.

I realize that all of these requests are going to cause you
and your people a great deal of extra work. We would appreciate
anything you can give us, however, as we fully intend to follow
this through to the point of setting up a net of visual and
instrumental locations if necessary. Your information will be
used to determine just how far we will to. As I said before, your
names will not be brought into this but we would like the names of
the persons involved in case we have to check farther on some points.

The idea of air sampling has been brought up on several occa-
sions and we'd like to get your collective opinion on this.
Would air sampling give the same, better, or no results compared 
with the equipment that was used in the incidents we discussed?

If you think all of the above data is too much to get into
letter or you would rather not put it in a letter, we can come 
back down to see you. We could meet you in Santa Fe or at one of 
your homes. I'm going out on leave for 10 days beginning 10 November,
so it would be after that. If you want to do this, let me know
by telling me where the address is Commanding General, Air Technical
Intelligence Center, Attn: ATIA-5, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

The reports on the project, that your group requested, have
been forwarded to Lt. Parrish, Director of Intelligence, 34th Air
Division (Defense), Kirtland. He will pass them on to you. As I
told you at the meeting, he is acting as the focal point for all 
reports in the area.

If you people have any further data you want, feel free to 
write and ask for it. If it is classified, we'll get it to you 
through channels.

I'm sending this registered because, although it is not classi-
fied, we wouldn't want it to get out.

Sincerely yours,

EDWARD J. RUPPELT
Captain, USAF

2

---

- page 22 -

There are no photographs present in this document.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
ONR LA/TAC:T 13z
All-Research
Serial No. 60-1b389

U. S. NAVY
OFFICE OF NAVAL RESEARCH
LOS ANGELES BRANCH
1030 E. Green Street
Pasadena 1, California
UNCLASSIFIED Nov 23 1949

FROM: Commanding Officer, Office of Naval Research, Pasadena

TO: Chief of Naval Research

SUBJ: 'Flying Discs'; report on.

Encl: (1) NEB Int 4420, 4210-432, ABR:tda, 7 Nov 49
     (2) Graph showing the time of day at which off-scale motion of
         the Geiger Counter recorder occurred.
     (3) Graph showing the frequency of occurrences on a calendar basis
     (4) Summary and Observations, by CIV. Pasadena personnel
     (5) Narrative of Flying Disc reports during the period 14-24 Oct 49
         in the vicinity of Mt. Palomar, California

1. The attached reports of alleged "flying discs" in the vicinity of the
observatory on Mt. Palomar, California, are forwarded for information.

2. The Commanding Officer, ONR, Pasadena, personally investigated these
incidents and while he does not have a belief that these were actually
flying discs, he is at a loss to explain the phenomena.

                                                        s/f T. C. THOMAS

Copy to:
   NEL, San Diego
   Com-11
                                               UNCLASSIFIED

ENCL (1)
```

- page 23 -

The image is a scanned page from a document, but there is no photograph present on this page.

Here's the text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
November 1952

Subject: Trip to Los Alamos on 23 October 1952

FACTS AND DISCUSSION

1. On 23 October 1952, Col D. L. Bower and Capt E. J. Ruppelt of ATIC
presented a briefing at the Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory. After the briefing
Col Bower and Capt Ruppelt met with seven people from the lab who were interested
in the subject of UFO's.

2. Previous to this meeting, several of the members of the group had met
Capt Ruppelt and Maj I. H. Herman at a meeting of the Civilian Saucer Investigators
in Los Angeles. At that time these people mentioned having some data on a corre-
lation between the detection of some type of radiation and visual sightings of
UFO's.

3. At the 23 Oct 52 meeting at Los Alamos more details on the above mentioned
subject were obtained. The first incident occured several years ago at the Mt.
Palomar Observatory in California. A series of geiger counters had been set up
to study cosmic ray activity. One person involved in the study happened to be
outdoors when he saw a V of V's of shiny objects go over. He immediately went
inside the observatory and found that the counters had just "pinned" (i.e., gone
up to a maximum reading). This naturally aroused the curiosity of the people
the project and they agreed that if it ever happened again they would look outside.
Some time later it did happen and they looked out and observed a dark object passing
overhead.

4. The Navy, it was a Navy cosmic ray contract, supposedly investigated,
wrote a report, and concluded that this way all due to a circuit failure.
The people operating the equipment also checked and are claimed to have flatly
denied this saying that due to the circuitry it would be impossible for similar
failures to occur in all the circuits at the same time.

5. Shortly after this occurraance, one of the persons involved in the in-
cidents at Palomar moved to Los Alamos. He continued to be interested and also
interested some friends in setting up the same type of equipment on their own
time. They did this and they also detected unknown radiation. In two instances,
they were able to correlate these with newspaper reports of the sighting of an
UFO. In these instances the people could not get outside to observe and had to
depend on newspaper reports of UFO's for correlations.

6. Similar observations of radiation from an unknown source were made on:
\ 1 Oct 50        -      1921 MST
2 Oct 50        -      1401 MST
4 Oct 50        -      2305 MST
9 Oct 50        -      0855 MST

The equipment was kept in operation until December 1950 with no more pick-ups.
At that time the equipment was dismantled. (Note: The above was checked in


SECURITY INFORMATION
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 24 -

The image provided is a typed document with no photographs present.

As per your request, I will transcribe the text here:

```plaintext
UNCLASSIFIED

ATIC Blue Book file but there was no record of any incidents on these dates. 
This does not mean very much, however, since it is known that a lot of the 
incident files were destroyed about this time.)

7. A photograph of one of the geiger counter set-ups, a diagram of the 
set-up, and copies of the traces of records are shown in the attachments to 
this report.

8. It should be noted that all of the people involved in this are qualified
scientists working at Los Alamos. They have checked every possible source of the 
radiation they can think of and cannot account for it. They have discussed this 
with many people including well-known scientists visiting Los Alamos and there is 
no ready explanation, either for the source of the radiation detected or the 
correlation between visual sightings and the radiation.

9. Reports of these incidents were made to the Security Force at Los Alamos 
and supposedly were to be forwarded to the Air Force. As far as can be determined, 
they were never received at ATIC.

10. Along these same lines, attention can be called to the fact that a Colonel 
from WAAC visited ATIC several months ago and reported that the same thing had 
happened at Oak Ridge, Tennessee.

CONCLUSIONS

11. The accounts of these incidents are still rather vague, too vague to 
draw any definite conclusions as to whether or not further action should be taken 
to investigate all radiation monitoring stations in the U.S. to determine if more 
correlations are present.

RECOMMENDATIONS

12. It is recommended that:

a. All possible details of the Los Alamos and Palamar sightings be 
obtained. This can be accomplished by attempting to locate both the reports made 
by the Navy (paragraph 4) and the Security Force at Los Alamos (paragraph 9) 
reports. In the meantime the people at Los Alamos should be contacted to get 
their complete story both as a cross check on the reports and in case the reports 
cannot be located.

b. Get all details on the incidents at Oak Ridge, Tennessee.


UNCLASSIFIED
```


- page 25 -

There are no photographs present in the provided image.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, here is the output of all the text found in the document image:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

3 November 1952

Subject: Trip to Los Alamos on 23 October 1952

FACTS AND DISCUSSION

1. On 23 October 1952, Col D. L. Bower and Capt E. J. Ruppelt of ATIC
presented a briefing at the Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory. After the briefing
Col Bower and Capt Ruppelt met with seven people from the lab who were interested
in the subject of UFO's.

2. Previous to this meeting, several of the members of the group had met
Capt Ruppelt and Maj I. H. Hearn at a meeting of the Civilian Saucer Investigators
in Los Angeles. At that time these people mentioned having some data on a corre-
lation between the detection of some type of radiation and visual sightings of
UFO's.

3. At the 23 Oct 52 meeting at Los Alamos more details on the above mentioned
subject were obtained. The first incident occurred several years ago at the Mt.
Palomar Observatory in California. A series of green counters had been set up
to study cosmic ray activity. One person involved in the study happened to be
outdoors when he saw a V of V's of shiny objects go over. He immediately went
inside the observatory and found that the counters had just "pinned" (i.e. gone
up to a maximum reading). This naturally aroused the curiosity of the people on
the project and they agreed that if it ever happened again they would look outside.
Some time later it did happen and they looked out and observed a dark object passing
over head.

4. The Navy, it was a Navy comdo ray contract, supposedly investigated,
wrote a report, and concluded that this was all due to a circuit failure.
The people operating the equipment also checked and are claimed to have flatly
denied this saying that due to the circuitry it would be impossible for similar
failures to occur in all the circuits at the same time.

5. Shortly after this occurrence, one of the persons involved in the in-
cidents at Palomar moved to Los Alamos. He continued to be interested and also
interested some friends in setting up the same type of equipment on their own
time. They did this and they also detected unknown radiation. In two instances,
they were able to correlate these with newspaper reports of the sighting of an
UFO. In these instances the people could not get outside to observe and had to
depend on newspaper reports of UFO's for correlations.

6. Similar observations of radiation from an unknown source were made on:

2 Oct 50 - 1921 MST
4 Oct 50 - 1401 MST
9 Oct 50 - 2305 MST
9 Oct 50 - 0855 MST

The equipment was kept in operation until December 1950 with no more mix-ups.
At that time the equipment was dismantled. [Note The above was checked in

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 26 -

The image appears to be a typewritten document, and there are no photographs present within this image. Here is the OCR output of the text from the document:

---

RESTRICTED

UNCLASSIFIED
ATIC Blue Book file but there was no record of any incidents on those dates.
This does not mean very much, however, since it is known that a lot of the
incident files were destroyed about this time.)

7. A photograph of one of the gieger counter set-ups, a diagram of the
set-up, and copies of the traces of records are shown in the attachments to
this report.

8. It should be noted that all of the people involved in this are qualified
scientists working at Los Alamos. They have checked every possible source of the
radiation they can think of and cannot account for it. They have discussed this
with many people including well-known scientists visiting Los Alamos and there is
no ready explanation, either for the source of the radiation detected or the
correlation between visual sightings and the radiation.

9. Reports of these incidents were made to the Security Force at Los Alamos
and supposedly were to be forwarded to the Air Force. As far as can be determined,
they were never received at ATIC.

10. Along these same lines, attention can be called to the fact that a Colonel
from WADC visited ATIC several months ago and reported that the same thing had
happened at Oak Ridge, Tennessee.

11. The accounts of these incidents are still rather vague, too vague to
draw any definite conclusions as to whether or not further action should be taken
to investigate all radiation monitoring stations in the U.S. to determine if more
correlations are present.

RECOMMENDATIONS

12. It is recommended that:

a. All possible details of the Los Alamos and Palomar sightings be
obtained. This can be accomplished by attempting to locate both the reports made
by the Navy (paragraph 4) and the Security Force at Los Alamos (paragraph 9)
reports. In the meantime the people at Los Alamos should be contacted to get
their complete story both as a cross check on the reports and in case the reports
cannot be located.

b. Get all details on the incidents at Oak Ridge, Tennessee.

UNCLASSIFIED

---

- page 27 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but it does feature a diagram or drawing. The diagram includes various labeled elements, specifically the letters A to H, with corresponding visual elements; some look like circles, and others appear as rectangles or lines. Also, there's a direction indicated by an arrow labeled with "N."

As requested, here is the OCR output of all text found in the document:

```
E          O          O       A
      O                        Looking Magnetic North
F         O C
            O           O B
       O G
     O   H

A                                            E
  B                                            F
    C                                           D
     O                                           O
      G                                            H
        O
 Base 1885- Throdes: No Absorbers.
```

- page 28 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a chart or graph with handwritten annotations and several circles labeled with letters A, B, C, and an unlabelled circle.

Since the document is partially faded and handwritten, the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) result might not be perfect, but I will reproduce it to the best of my ability:

```
                               UP
                               ⬆️
12 MN                         A
                             B
                             C
                  
                   etc. 2x-.   
                          8:5 ∼ -20" high x
                              2 waves

11 PM                          C T V
```

At the bottom right, it reads:
```
25 MAY 1952
2 330
```

It's important to note that the accuracy of this OCR output is limited by the clarity of the handwriting and the resolution of the image provided.

- page 29 -

There is no photograph in the image provided. It appears to be a scanned page with a graph or chart with handwritten notations and symbols. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and provide the text as found in the document:

---
3 PM

-cc L ↑10 
B T 17000
-cc L x10
-cc 3 L ↑20
N P
(A)

(B)
Mvmt

5

6

2 PM

(C)
Tin wall
banged

26 Aug, 1952
1942
--- 

Please note that due to the handwriting and quality of the scan, some parts may be difficult to interpret accurately.

- page 30 -

The image presented is not a photograph, but rather a scanned page of a document containing a graph or chart with handwritten markings and annotations. There are no photographic images present on this page to describe.

Below is the text extracted as requested, though due to the quality of the scan, low contrast, and handwriting, some text may not be captured accurately:

```
A        x2
A8x10   [Unintelligible handwriting]
        x1x10
          x100

7 AM

M UP
    (Handwritten circle labeled "A")
    (Handwritten circle labeled "B")
    (Handwritten circle labeled "C")
G Tme 2"

28 Aug 1952 
017
```

Please note that due to the handwritten nature of the document and the quality of the scan, some characters or annotations may not be entirely clear, and my interpretation could have inaccuracies.

- page 31 -

The image appears to be a chart or graph, possibly a recording from some type of instrument or data log. However, there are no photographs of any objects or people present.

Here is the text extracted from the image:

```
uh-tʞɹlɐw ʞuɔʞn

2 PM

x 10

L-2-3 2-3 x 10

ʇxǝʇ ןɐuᴉbɐɹɹn ∀W
``` 

Please note that some of the text seems inverted or reflected, and there may be issues with transcription accuracy due to the quality and orientation of the text in the image.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain a photograph but rather a graphical chart or recording of some kind. It seems to be a seismograph or similarly functioning instrument chart with various lines, possibly representing data over time.

Below is a transcription of the visible text:

---
7:15 PM

7:30 PM

7:45 PM

1 Oct 1950 0720
---

The transcription is of the text present in the image, but due to the quality of the document, some portions of the text are illegible or unclear. The transcription is made to the best of my ability, based on the available information in the image.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain a photograph; it is a scanned document. Here is the text as an OCR system would output it:

```
C .
O
P .
Y

U. S. NAVAL ELECTRONICS LABORATORY
San Diego 52, California

Please Address reply to:
"The Director"
Refer to File Number:
420
P410-433

7 November 1949

Commander Eugene Bollay
Los Angeles Branch
Office of Naval Research
1030 E. Green St.
Pasadena, California

Dear Commander Bollay:

In accordance with our telephone conversation of yesterday, the complete
set of times at which the counting equipment on Mt. Palomar indicated estre-
mely high counting rates, is as follows:

14 October 1320
15 October 0230
0720
1320
2030
16 October 0330
0900
1330
2200
17 October 0300
0720
1140
1545
2155

18 October 0400
1015
1633
19 October 0420
2040
20 October none to 1500
21 October 0720
24 October (1930-2000
not accurately
determined

In working with the quipment Wenesday following the airplane tests
one signal similar to the unknown ons occurred while moving the main 110
volt conecting plug.

Following this one occurrence we were unable to reproduce the phenomena.
We are completely at a loss to find any reasonable explanation for the equipment
behavior. We certainly appreciate your cooperation in arranging for flights
on Wednesday.

Sincerely,

S/ [signature redacted]
```

- page 34 -

The image contains no photographs, but rather it appears to be a graph or chart with lines, numbers, and some handwritten notations.

Unfortunately, I am unable to provide an OCR output of handwriting or text that is diagonal or not aligned horizontally. If you are able to provide an image with horizontally aligned text, I will do my best to provide textual information from the document.

- page 35 -

The image provided appears to be a scanned page of a chart or graph, not a photograph. There are no photographic images of any subjects—UFOs or otherwise—present on this page.

As for the text, here is the output of text contained in the document as faithfully as possible given the quality of the scan:

However, the scan is not clear enough to accurately reproduce the text through OCR (Optical Character Recognition) in this instance. If you require a transcription of unclear or handwritten sections, please provide a clearer image or the specific text, and I will do my best to help.

- page 36 -

There is no photograph present in the image of the document.

The text of the document is as follows:

---
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
LOS ALAMOS SCIENTIFIC LABORATORY
(Contract W-7405-ENG-36)
P.O.Box 1663
Los Alamos, New Mexico

In reply refer to
ADSP                                       21 August 1952


Division of Military Application
U.S. Atomic Energy Commission
1901 Constitution Avenue
Washington 25, D. C.

Attention: Lt. Col. P. M. Butman

Dear Col. Butman:

As you undoubtedly know, this Laboratory holds a bi-weekly colloquium for its staff members, one purpose of which is to keep us in touch with technical and scientific developments in parts of the country other than Los Alamos. To this end I thought that perhaps the Air Force might care to give us a talk on the technical and scientific aspects of their studies concerning so-called "flying saucers". If you think they might, would you be good enough to make inquiry through appropriate channels in Washington?

I wish to make it perfectly clear that the Laboratory claims no official cognizance in this field of activity; but it is my belief that our staff members would be extremely interested in a discussion of the serious and scientific aspects of the Air Force's studies of the "flying saucer" phenomena. I do not suggest that anyone be asked to make a special trip for the purpose of addressing our Colloquium; but would hope that someone engaged in this work might be passing through Albuquerque and could stop off at Los Alamos for this purpose.

Any approach which you may initiate will be greatly appreciated.

Very sincerely yours,

William H. Crew
Assistant Director for
Scientific Personnel

WG:ns

ccs: Santa Fe Operations Office
     N. E. Bradbury via Ralph Carlisle Smith, LASL
---

- page 37 -

The image provided is a scanned document page, and it does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document as per your OCR request:

---

UNITED STATES
ATOMIC ENERGY COMMISSION
Washington 25, D. C.

9 Sep 52

Brigadier General William M. Garland, USAF
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear General Garland:

In accordance with our discussion of August 29th in Washington, the attached letter is submitted for your attention as you requested.

On the strength of your informal indication that ATIC could probably accommodate the request of the Los Alamos Staff Members for a colloquium on "flying saucers", I am taking the liberty of so notifying Dr. Crew at this time.

Since you will note the Los Alamos request is posed at the convenience of ATIC, I would appreciate very much a member of your staff contacting Dr. Crew directly to arrange details. A copy of any further correspondence on this matter will be sufficient for this Division to arrange the appropriate visitors' clearances to Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory.

Your cooperation is greatly appreciated.

Respectfully yours,

/s/ Paul M. Butman

PAUL M. BUTMAN
Lt Colonel, USAF
Division of Military Application

Enclosures:
LASL Ltr, Aug 21, 1952

CCs Dr. Crew
Santa Fe Operations

---

- page 38 -

This document does not contain any photographs. The text of the document is as follows:

---

Dr. William H. Crew
Assistant Director for Scientific Personnel
P.O. Box 1663
Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory
Los Alamos, New Mexico

Dear Dr. Crew:

Reference is made to your letter of 21 August 1952 (ref: ADSP) to Lt Col P.M. Butman of the U. S. Atomic Energy Commission requesting an Air Force briefing on unidentified aerial phenomena or "flying saucers."

The Air Technical Intelligence Center would be very glad to present a briefing on unidentified aerial objects to the bi-weekly colloquium held by your laboratory. Within the next few weeks, personnel from this Center will be making a trip to the west coast and will plan to stop off in Los Alamos. At the present time no definite date can be set, but as soon as plans for the trip are finalized you and Col Butman will be contacted, clearances arranged and a final date set.

It is believed that such a briefing will be of great value to ATIC in that a group of qualified scientists such as those at Los Alamos always have excellent ideas on various technical and scientific aspects of the problem of unidentified aerial objects.

Sincerely yours,

---

(End of text)

- page 39 -

The image is a text document; no photograph is included. Here's the text from the document as requested:

---
- 3 - April 17, 1950

falling fragments. After discharge of fragments, object lifted, continuing formation and disappeared at extreme height.

Fragments were very hot to the touch and samples were obtained after a cooling period. Radio transmission to Tacoma headquarters were impossible due to excessive static. Radio was in excellent condition and weather conditions good. Witnesses returned immediately to Tacoma and turned over camera and film to superiors. Estimated at that time that 20 tons of debris dropped.

Second Incident - ?

One object as previously described came from somewhere and circled bay at approximately 10 degree bank and disappeared in large cumulus cloud formation. Re-emergence of extent of debris and additional samples taken.

Samples and information was obtained by my Intelligeryx Officer.

Major Sanders - S-2 McChord Field
Captain Davidson - Army Intelligence - Hamilton Field, California
First Lt. Brown - Army Intelligence - Hamilton Field, California
Lt. Col. Donald Springer - 4th Air Force intelligence (Here is a
with Air Force ielport)

Crash and death of Captain William L. Davidson (Pilot) an: First Lt. Frank B. Brown in B-25 uncisaillid mission, McChord Field to Hamilton Field, accident occurring at Kelso, Washington, August 1, 1947. The crewmen saved via parachute were M/Sgt. Elmer L. Taft, Tech. 4th Grade Woodrow D. Mathews

Theory of Crash - sabotage ?

Davidson and Brown handled complete interrogation of Maury Island incident and were known to have been carryin; large quantities of the fraimens and the recorded information. It is my information thatphphotographs taken of this incident are still available.

Newspaper accounts of aircraft crash. at Kelso:

August 2, 1947 - The Tacomo Nmes
August 3, 1947 - Sunday Journal, Portland, Oregon
August 3, 1947 - Chicago Sunday Times

--- 

(Please note that there may be typographical errors in the text due to OCR inaccuracies or characteristic mistakes in the original document.)

- page 40 -

The image does not contain any photographs.

Here's the extracted text from the document:

```
JOINT MESSAGE FORM

FROM
GARLAND COMMANDING GENERAL AIR TECHNICAL IN-
TELLIGENCE CENTER WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OHIO
031154Z OCT 52 UNCLASS
ROUTINE

TO DR WILLIAM H CREW
ASST DIRECTOR OF SCIENTIFIC PERSONNEL
LOS ALAMOS SCIENTIFIC LAB
LOS ALAMOS NEW MEXICO

FROM: AFOIN-ATIAA-10-3-E

Reference telephone call from Capt Edward J. Ruppelt of ATIC to Miss Stilbert on

1 Oct 52. Col Donald L. Bower and Capt Edward J. Ruppelt will be in Los Alamos

on 23 October 52, to give briefing on unidentified aerial objects. Request ATIC

be advised whom to contact and scheduled time of briefing.

In reply cite Project Blue Book.

DONALD L. BOWER, COLONEL, USAF
CHIEF, TECHNICAL ANALYSIS DIVISION

CAPT E.J. RUPPELT/vs
ATIAA-5
66365

UNCLASSIFIED

ROBERT E. KENNEDY, MAJOR, USAF
AIR ADJUTANT GENERAL
```

- page 41 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

JOINT MESSAGE FORM

FROM
GARLAND COMMANDING GENERAL AIR TECHNICAL IN-
TELLIGENCE CENTER WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OHIO 031530Z OCT 52 UNCLASSIFIED

TO
ATOMIC ENERGY COMMISSION
DIV OF MILITARY APPLICATION
WASHINGTON 25 DC

FROM: AFOIN-ATIAA-IO-IÆ FOR LT COL PAUL M BUTMAN

Reference your request to Gen Garland for briefing on unidentified aerial objects at Los Alamos. Col Donald L. Bower and Capt Edward J. Ruppelt of ATIC will be in Los Alamos on 23 October 1952 to give briefing. Dr. Crew of Los Alamos has been advised of this date. Request clearances be initiated.
In reply cite Project Blue Book.

DONALD L. BOWER, COLONEL, USAF
CHIEF, TECHNICAL ANALYSIS DIVISION

CAPT E. J. RUPPELT/vs
ATIAA-5

65365 ROBERT E. KENNEDY, MAJOR, USAF
AIR ADJUTANT GENERAL

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 42 -

The document is a textual report without any photographs present. Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

COPY 

NARRATIVE OF FLYING DISC REPORTS DURING THE PERIOD OF 14-24 OCTOBER 1949 IN THE VICINITY OF MT. PALOMAR, CALIFORNIA

About the 16th October 1949, one of the scientists at the California Institute of Technology reported to the Office of Naval Research, Washington, that he had heard a fantastic story of flying discs being observed near the Observatory at Mt. Palomar; the unusual feature of the report being that a recording Geiger counter was so activated at the time of these sightings that it went completely off-scale. If true, of course, it meant possibly that the flying discs were powered by some form of atomic energy. Two different men at the Palomar Observatory had witnessed these incidents. Contact was made with Dr. ---------- Geiger of the Naval Electronics Laboratory, who was operating the recording Geiger counter on a continuing basis. Dr. ---------- went to Palomar to investigate the stories, and brought back. the tape showing the unusual oscillations of the pen. Dr. ---------- could offer no explanation although he was skeptical of any flying disc theory.

The eminent physicist, Dr. ---------- of the California Institute of Technology, was consulted and he gave his opinion:

(a) It was not likely that the reaction of the Geiger counter was the result of an atomically powered plane, inasmuch as the pen went off-scale and returned to scale in a matter of seconds; whereas the polluted air from an atomic engine would tend to linger in the vicinity for some minutes.

(b) It was most likely that the electrical relaying or amplifying mechanism of the Geiger counter had been activated by a plane's radio, altimeter, or radar mechanism. This was particularly true if the Geiger counter and amplifier were not shielded.

Dr. Pokey of MIT reported that the Geiger counter and its mechanism was not completely shielded, and he agreed that it was most probable that the plane's altimeter or radar had tripped the mechanism of the Geiger counter.

In the meantime, an effort was made to find out if planes from the Naval Air Station at San Diego had been in the vicinity of Palomar on the dates in question, i.e., the 14th and 17th October. A negative reply was received but this was not considered conclusive for any one of a number of reasons, including the fact that the planes may have been operating from some other field.

Arrangements were made for a plane to fly over Palomar and use its altimeter and radar to see if it would activate the Geiger counter. This was on/or about 21 October. Upon receiving a negative reply as to any unusual behavior of the Geiger counter, plans were made with Commander, Air Force, Pacific Fleet, for a series of flights to be made at various times and altitudes in the vicinity of Palomar, using radio, altimeter, and radar. Both conventional and jet planes were used. These tests were run on 9 November 1949. The results were completely negative, i.e., the Geiger counter made no unusual recording during any of these nearby flights.

UNCLASSIFIED

ENCL 5

--- 

This document details investigations into flying discs reportedly observed around Mt. Palomar, California in October 1949, including the involvement of a Geiger counter reacting during the sightings.

- page 43 -

The image contains a page from a document but does not contain any photographs.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
-*UNCLASSIFIED
SUMMARY AND OBSERVATIONS

UNCLANW1$ED

In the opinion of the personnel of ONR, Pasadena, the objects sighted
were probably conventional aircraft which appeared to be abnormal in design
due to lighting conditions.

The tripping of the Geiger counter mechanism is unexplainable. Ordinary
circuit interruptions, mechanical and/or electrical disturbances, in the
vicinity of Mt. Palomar are apparently not the cause. It is physically
possible for someone to operate the controls on a Geiger counter so as to
have the recording pen go off-scale. It is thus possible, but most unlikely
that some member of the Observatory staff has been playing a practical joke.

The attached graph (Encl. 3) showing frequency of these Geiger counter
off-scale motions, is of some interest. It will be noted that there was a
definite peak of these occurrences on the 17th October. The graph (Encl. 2)
showing the time of occurrences during the day gives a random distribution.

At the time of preparing this report, none of the scientists who have been
interrogated (ONR, Pasadena; California Institute of Technology, and the Naval
Electronics Laboratory) has been able to offer a satisfactory explanation of
these phenomena.

In the appended reports the question arises as to the degree of reliability
of the three persons whose stories are reported. This is a difficult thing to
do, but the evaluation of ONR, Pasadena, is as follows:

Mr. ------------ - Moderately reliable

Mr. ------------ - Highly reliable

Mr. ------------ - 

The personnel of the Observatory and of the California Institute of
Technology who jointly operate the Observatory with the Carnegie Institute,
have made urgent requests that no publicity be given. They are afraid that
if stories were published, it would give adverse publicity to the Observatory,
which they are most anxious to avoid. Accordingly, it is strongly urged that
these stories not be made available to the press.

UNCLASSIFIED

ENCL. (4)
```

Note: The document has redacted names, represented by lines "------------" in the transcription above.

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a text document with the title "UNCLASSIFIED".

Here is the text extracted from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

                                C
                                O
                                P
                                Y

A STATEMENT BY Mr. ████████ [redacted]

(Mr. ████████ [redacted] is ████████ [redacted] - a man of about 48 years of
age, who has been with the Palomar Observatory since July 1937.)

On 14 October 1949, at about 1315, Mr. ████████ [redacted] left the Observatory and
started to drive down the Mountain to his home. The weather was good, clear
overhead, some clouds about 45° from the horizon and below. After going a
short distance down the road, he observed some objects proceeding in a north-
westerly direction, height about 5,000 feet above him, i.e., about 10,500 feet above
sea level. Because of the unusual appearance of these objects, and of the
unusual sound, he stopped his car and got out to have a better look. He reported
that he observed no wings or tail structure, the objects, numbering about 16
or 18, were flying in a perfect formation - a V of V's and moving very rapidly.
The sound was similar to that of jets, but not quite the same. (Mr. Marshall has
had occasion to observe all types of aircraft frequently, and is cognizant of all
usual types.) In a matter of seconds the planes disappeared to the northwest.
He described them as being of silver-like color; no vapor trails were observed.
Due to the high speed of motion, sound appeared to be about 35°to 40°behind the
line of sight.

Shortly after this incident Mr. ████████ [redacted] called Mr. ████████ [redacted] and advised
him of what he had seen. A short time later Mr. ████████ [redacted] went into the room
of the Power-house where the recording Geiger counter, placed there by the
Naval Electronics Laboratory, was located, and noticed that the pen had made
an off-scale motion to the right, some time before. The time appeared to be
approximately 1315, i.e. the same time at which Mr. ████████ [redacted] had observed the
unusual objects overhead. An effort was made to report the incident to the
Naval Electronics Laboratory that week-end, but contact could not be made with
interested authorities. Dr. ████████ [redacted] of NEI was advised of the situation on the
following Monday and commenced his own investigation.

It should be noted here that this Geiger counter had never gone off-scale
before, except when it was usually operated during calibration tests.

A STATEMENT BY MR. ████████ [redacted]

(Mr. ████████ [redacted] is the ████████ [redacted] for the Observatory
and has been with it since 1935. He is a man of about 40 years of age.)

Mr. ████████ [redacted] was first involved in the flying saucer story when he noted the
operation of the Geiger counter as mentioned in the above report of Mr.
████████ [redacted]. Although he is an electrician of considerable ability and responsibility, i.e.,
he operates and maintains the complicated electrical apparatus of the Observatory
including the big telescope, he could offer no explanation as to the action of
the Geiger counter.

UNCLASSIFIED

---
Please note that a number of personal names and some information have been redacted for privacy or security reasons.

- page 45 -

The image you provided is of a typewritten document and does not contain any photographs. Below is the text extracted from the document as requested:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

On Monday morning, 17 October 1949, at about 0720, Mr. [redacted] was in the Power-house where the Geiger counter is located. While looking out of the window he saw a small black object with visible projections, going in a southwesterly direction at a high rate of speed. The sky was clear except for clouds which were beginning to form at a level estimated at about 1,500 feet above the observatory, i.e., about 7,000 feet above sea level. The object was beneath the cloud cover. At first, he was very reluctant to state what he thought he had seen. He said that at first he thought it might have been a bird. After making his observation he turned to the Geiger counter and noted that it had just jumped off-scale. The pen of the recorder returned to normal in a matter of seconds.

Mr. [redacted] also reported that he had observed about a week later (possibly about 21 October 1949) a large object going in an easterly or southeasterly direction at a very high speed. It occurred at about 1430. Although he could see the object clearly, there were no projections whatever in the way of wings or tail surfaces. He observed it for about 3 seconds before it disappeared, No vapor trail was left by the object. He described it as being elongated, but slightly curved like a banana, No aberration of the Geiger counter was noted during this incident.

A STATEMENT BY MR. [redacted]

(Mr. [redacted] is the [redacted])

While the representatives of ONR, Pasadena, and the Naval Electronics Laboratory were proceeding to Mt. Palomar to investigate the flying saucer story, they stopped at the Cafe at the foot of the mountain, which is operated by Mr. [redacted]. Quite by coincidence Mr. [redacted] are told of a number of unusual observations made by him. Outside his cafe are two miniature observatories containing a 15 inch and 6 inch telescope. A number of different stories were told by Mr. [redacted], among which the following are pertinent.

He stated that recently he had seen, on Friday, 21 October, at about 1430, a cigar-shaped object, pointed at both ends without projections, and was apparently well stabilized. The altitude, 7-500, was estimated for the object. The object was dark in color and appeared to be '500 feet or better in length. After standing still for an appreciable length of time, it headed upwards at a terrific rate of speed, leaving no vapor trail. This observation was made with the naked eye. It should be noted that this observation appears to have been made about the same time that Mr. [redacted] of the Palomar Observatory sighted a similar object.

About two years ago Mr. [redacted] had observed an object through one of his telescopes. He stated that the object came in, was relatively still for a while, and then disappeared rapidly. The object appeared to be round and had around it a ring of some sort, such as the planet Saturn. When the object was first sighted the outside ring seemed to rotate, and upon the object getting away, the center part appeared to rotate in a direction opposite to that of the ring surrounding it.

UNCLASSIFIED
---

Note that some parts of the text have been redacted, which are indicated by [redacted].

- page 46 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. It appears to be a typed document. I will now proceed with the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text as requested:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Mr. █████ showed the visitors a newspaper clipping, where he had
addressed a local Chamber of Commerce at a luncheon meeting, narrating one
or two stories of his unusual observations of flying saucers. When he asked
the gentlemen present if any of them had ever observed similar objects, fully
25 or 30 of the members present acknowledged immediately that they had seen
similar objects, but had been reluctant to report them for fear people would
think they were "off the beam."

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 47 -

