There are no photographs present on this page of the document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

---
PROJECT 10073 RECORD

DATE-TIME GROUP LOCATION
27 May 1949 27/1525(?) Southern Oregon

SOURCE CONCLUSION
Civilian UNIDENTIFIED

NUMBER OF OBJECTS
5 to 8

LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Air-Visual

COURSE
SSW

PHOTOS
No

PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
There was no break in the outline. Objects had a solid configuration. Elongated oval, perhaps twice as long as wide. Observer stated object could possibly have been egg-shaped and could conceivably have been perfectly oval. They appeared definitely solid objects. 5 to 8 in file formation at interval of 3 to 4 times length of object for first object, balance at 1/2 to 2/3 length of object. Color of objects appeared as unpainted metal. Objects had no change in altitude level steady flight, passing out of visual range into distance.

FORM
XX 2 0 XX (TRE) (Instructions on reverse are to be used)

---

Please note that due to the low quality of the document and artifacts from scanning or photocopying, some of the text may be misinterpreted or uncertain, as indicated by the "(?)" next to the date-time group.

- page 1 -

There are no photographs present in this image.

Here is the text from the document:

```
File No. 24-30

sent aloft in that area.

7. There are no Ordnance, Naval, Army, or Air Force Units in Lakeview, Ore., or any other organizations which could have sent wei-;ier
testing devices aloft.

8. On 11 October 1949, Mr. [REDACTED] of the CAA, Portland Airport, Portland, Oregon, was interviewed and advised that schedules for commercial, military, and local flights in the Lakeview area for 27 May 1949 would have to be obtained from the Chief Controller, Seattle Air Route Traffic Control Center, Seattle-Tacoma Airport, Seattle, Washington.
```

The text contains redactions, which are indicated by black bars obscuring the information.

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, it is a text document. Here is the text from the document:

```
FILE NO. 24-30

UNCLASSIFIED

1st LT CECIL NO. 20, MCCORD AFB

AT SEATTLE, WASHINGTON

Contact Chief Controller, Seattle Air Route Traffic Control
Center, Seattle-Tacoma Airport, Seattle, Washington, and obtain flight
schedules of commercial, military, and local aircraft in the vicinity
of Hart Mountain, near Lakeview, Oregon, at approximately 1430 hours
(PST), 27 May 1949. This information is pertinent to the investigation
of this case as required in AFCSI Letter No. 85, dated 12 August 1949.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 3 -

There are no photographs present in this image; it is a textual document only.

HQ USAF
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATION
FILE NO. 24-15
DATE 8 July 1949
REPORT MADE BY

MOON
REPORT MADE AT, Fairfield-Suisun AFB, Calif.
PERIOD July 1949
OFFICE OF ORIGIN
TFO #20, Bolling AFB, Washington:
STATUS
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
CHARACTER
SPECIAL INQUIRY
REFERENCE
None, this is an initial report.
SYNOPSIS
Investigation requested by District Commander, DO #19, Fairfield-
Suisun Air Force Base, California. This office received from OIL,
12th Naval District, San Francisco, California, a report of investi-
gation which set forth information that
, a reputable
business man and pilot of Los Angeles, California had sighted six
(6) or seven (7) unidentified flying objects, which were not con-
ventional aircraft, in southern Oregon on 27 May 1949. No investi-
gation is being conducted by this district office at this time
relative to this matter inasmuch as all pertinent leads are in
District Offices #18 and #20.

DOWNGRADED AT 10 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

Snow l
SIGMA-Nov 00-100M

DISTRIBUTION
CG, MGC (Action)
DO #5 (Info)
DO #13
DO #20
HQ, OSI
File

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
APPROVED 15 JUL 1949
[date]

FILE STAMP
[number]

JOHN G. STORB
Colonel, USAF
DISTRICT COMMANDER

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

There are no photographs present on the page you provided. It is a text-based document from Project Blue Book. Here is the full text transcribed from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
DETAILS: 19 OSI 24-15

a. This investigation was requested by District Commander, District Office #9, Fourth Air Force, United States Air Force Base, upon receipt of a report of investigation conducted by Naval Intelligence at San Diego, California, dated 23 June 1949, File DI0-IINID 38-49, which is summarized as follows:

"On Friday, 27 May 1949, --------- of 4575 Northridge Drive, Los Angeles, California, was flying his privately owned SNJ-type aircraft from Red Bluff, California, to Burns, Oregon. He departed Red Bluff at 1332 hours, P.S.T., and arrived at Burns at 1458 hours P.S.T. At 1425 hours, same date, --------- observed the sun reflecting on an object, or objects, at a considerable distance ahead and a few points to the starboard. He continued to watch the course taken by the reflecting material, expecting it to materialize into a conventional aircraft as the distance lessened between him and the object or objects. As the object reached the Long Buttes (shown on the Boise (V-2) Aeronautical Chart as Hart Mountain) which run for a number of miles along the east side of some dry lakes (Swamp, Plagstaff, Campbell and Stone Corral Lakes), he observed that instead of a single object there were several which seemed to be flying in formation. At this point the objects appeared to have changed their course to the left they were paralleling his course and were following the bluffs to him at about 1000 to 1500 feet below his altitude at a distance which he estimates to have been 5-1/2 to 7-1/2 miles. It is certain that it could not have been as far as ten (10) miles since the objects outlined against less than ten (10) miles away and he could see the objects outlined against the bluffs."

b. The objects that --------- saw are described by him as follows:

"Size of each object; Considerably smaller than a fighter plane, probably less than 20' in length. All of the separate objects appeared to be the same in size.
Shape of objects: There was no break in the outline. The outline is certain he would have recognized conventional aircraft. They had a solid configuration, and no great thickness. They were elongated oval, perhaps twice as long as wide, and perhaps five times as long as the thick, points out he observed the objects from an angle from above and could not easily estimate their thickness; they could possibly have been egg-shaped, and could conceivably have been perfectly ovate. The objects seemed definitely solid – there was nothing ethereal about them.
Speed of objects: --------- is confident they were travelling at least as fast as his own plane (212 MPH), and that a tail wind of 15 to 18 MPH and the objects would therefore have been doing over 230 MPH air speed. Calculating the speed of the objects would travel along/southwest, opposite to from course. The landing the speed of the objects, several different ways from the facts on hand, the speed of the objects varies between 190 to 260 MPH. --------- concluded at the time of observation that he could not possibly have turned

UNCLASSIFIED
24-2-2-25

(Note: The redactions in the text are represented here by dotted lines where the name of the individual or other sensitive information might have been removed.)

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text transcribed from the document:

DETAILS. (Cont'd) 19D OSI 24-15 [UNCLASSIFIED]
around and caught up with the objects. They were definitely traveling faster than a group of birds, and slower than jet planes. No trail of smoke or exhaust was observed. The speed of the objects appeared to be steady.
Estimating, elevations, populations, etc. in area: [illegible] flew at 9000' MSL which was between 4000' and 5000' above terrain. During most of the time of observation, the objects were 1000' possibly 1500' below SMIHL's plane. Towards the end of sighting when [redacted] had begun to come down he was almost on a level with them in altitude.

The valley through which [redacted] flew north, and the objects flew south, is roughly 12 miles wide. The floor of the valley is between 4000' to 5000' in elevation. The west side of the valley is dominated by Heart Mountain (8200' in elevation). Hart Mountain stands on an elongated bluff, which has an almost sheer drop of around 1000'. The bluff, and all the terrain, against which [redacted] saw the objects is quite dark in color. The objects stood out in contrast to the dark color. The objects appeared to be un-painted metal."

"The rim of the bluff on the east side of the valley is about 7000' in elevation. From where [redacted] saw the objects (at 9000' elevation) they were roughly in line with the rim of the bluff (7000'). Assuming the objects were one (1) to three (3) miles away from the bluff—flying toward him—flying at about 8000' MSL, and about 3500' above the valley floor."
"The valley which [illegible] sighted the objects is sparsely populated; however, there are a number of ranches there—more than are indicated on the Boise (V-2) Aeronautical Chart. [illegible] believes that if persons living in the valley were questioned, chances are several might be found who saw the objects from the ground. [illegible] flown through this valley many times going between California and Oregon and do not recall ever having seen another airplane in the valley where he sighted the objects. The valley is not a commercial airway route, and is seldom used by private planes. [redacted] does not recall ever seeing any automobiles on the dirt roads in the valley, shown as such on the Boise (V-2) section of Aeronautical Chart.
[redacted] saw one formation of objects at the beginning of observation. When the objects were a few degrees to the starboard or ahead, [redacted] could not distinguish separate objects - all he saw were reflections; however, as he came closer and passed them by 5-1/2 to 7-1/2 miles he definitely saw six (6) or seven (7) separate objects. To be on the safe side he states with positiveness that there were no less than five (5) objects and no more than eight (8).

The objects were always in line formation (one behind the other) and there appeared to be no change in altitude of the formation. The space between the lead object and the next one was three or four times the length of one of the objects. The distance between the second and the following objects was between one-half and two-thirds the length of the objects. Accordingly, if the objects were 20' in length, the distance between #1 and #2 was 60 to 80 feet, and the distance between #2 and the others was between 10 and 17 feet. The distance between the objects appeared very constant.

[UNCLASSIFIED]
3
24-2-1-1

- page 6 -

The image is a page of text, and it does not contain any photographs.

Here's the text from the document:

---
DETAILS: (Cont’d) 19 OSI 24-15                                            UNCLASSIFIED

The objects were so close and appeared to keep their formation spacing in a manner which indicated they might have been under tow by the leading object. At the distance of sighting, no connection, if there was any, could possibly have been observed; it is possible too that the objects were separate objects because he was able to see terrain between them. The formation did not fluctuate in flight; the objects flew very evenly and steadily. When last saw the objects they were going out of visual range on the horizon.
Weather and visibility at time of observation: Visibility was exceptionally good; he could see Faimry Lake, 60 miles distant, and could see smoke rising from the saw mills at Eumcy, Oregon, 75 miles distant. There were a few scattered clouds at between 14,000’ and 18,000’. The weather report at the time indicated scattered clouds at 18,000’. The air was very smooth. Normally the air in the area is light to mildly turbulent. The Sun was West of – that is, the crap plane was between the sun and the objects.

Location of sighting objects! (Refer to Boise (V-2) Sectional Aeronautical Chart.) Location when objects were first sighted was 42°27’N, 120°30’W. This point was not definitely established was estimated from the known ground speed and the estimated time interval during which [S/S] observed the objects. This position could possibly be as much as five (5) miles SW of the position given.____Location when objects left his visual range was 42°14’N, 119°49’W.____. The trend created line between these coordinates.

Location of objects when first observed: 42°38’N, 119°43’W.
Location of objects when last seen: 42°28’N, 119°48’W.
The objects made a slight change of course from quartering to paralleling______straight line of flight.

O.______as a Lt JG in 45(L) USNR (Inactive), Serial No. 318375.
He was commissioned Ensign 5 January 1944, graduated Corpus Christi thirty (30)days AV(T), in Dallas two (2) months VFR-2(D),______carried thirty (30) North American company pilots, was at Villanova Devon, Pennsylvania, six (6) days, served at check-out base for Ferry Squadron VRF(2) at Columbus, and served at Columbus until August 1945. He was then with VRF(3) at Terminal Island, California, where he became legal and personnel officer. He was discharged from the Navy in January 1946 as Lt JG.______holds Naval Aviator's Certificate No. C-17945, plus a senior pilot's grade in the Ferry wing of the Navy Air Transport Command. He also holds a commercial license, single and multi-engine, and Flight Instructor’s ratings. His flight time began in 1934 and now totals over 5000 hours, of which 1300 hours were in the West States Navy._____secured a private license in 1935, a transport license in 1937, a commercial pilot's license 1938, and was re-issued Commercial pilot's license in 1945. From March 1922 to September 1943 he was a flight instructor for the Army Air Force (five months as primary instructor at Lancaster, California). From September 1943 to January 1944

✶ UNCLASSIFIED
---

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a page of text. Here is the text transcribed from the document:

DETAILS (Cont'd) 190 OSI 24-15                           UNCLASSIFIED

he flew for the Superior Oil Company of California. Since 1940
has been Vice President of the Royal Petroleum Company of California,
Long Beach, a concern in which he and his relations own all of the stock;
he also is part owner of three (3) other oil producing concerns in
Southern California. This is married and has three (3) children. He
has a BS and a MA degree from the University of Southern California,
he also had two (2) years of law at the University of Southern California.
He is thirty (30) years of age, but appears to have a background of
experience few men his age possess. He is believed to be conservative,
sincere, absolutely reliable, and very competent."

- REFERRED UPON COMPLETION TO THE OFFICE OF ORIGIN -

                                                      5
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document page. Here is the text from the document:

---

19 OSI 24-15

UNCLASSIFIED

UNDEVELOPED LEADS

DISTRICT OFFICE #13, MAYWOOD, CALIFORNIA

AT LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA

Will interview [redacted]rive, Los Angeles, California, and obtain from him all of the essential elements of information in regards to his sighting the unidentified aerial objects in Southern Oregon on 27 May 1949.

DISTRICT OFFICE #20, McCHORD AFB, WASHINGTON

IN THE VICINITY OF HART MOUNTAIN, OREGON

Will interview residents in the vicinity of Hart Mountain in an attempt to verify the aerial objects observed by [redacted] on 27 May 1949.

UNCLASSIFIED

6

[black line/redaction]

84-21-25

---

- page 9 -

There are no photographs present in this image. It contains only text and some handwritten marks. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED
5D OSI/JEM/mun
2nd Ind
5D 24-21

(19 July 1949)
SUBJ: "PROJECT SIGN" UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT SIGHTED IN Southern Oregon
on 27 May 1949, SPECIAL INQUIRY

5th District OSI (IG), Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio. 2 August 1949

TO: Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base, Dayton, Ohio, ATTN: TECHANS

1. Reference is made to previous correspondence.

2. Inclosed for your information and file is one copy of the Report
of Investigation described in paragraph 1, basic communication.

1 Incl
Rpt dtd 8 Jul 49

(Signature)
GEROLD M. BRAUN 
Acting District Commander

---

Note: The signature appears to have been written over with additional pen markings. There appears to be a handwritten note in the bottom left of the document, possibly reading: "Not?". Additionally, there is classification and declassification information:

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

At the bottom of the page is also marked "UNCLASSIFIED" with a date: "AUG 4".

- page 10 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

The text found in the document reads:

---
  
CONTROL NO | SUBJECT and Ind | DECIMAL FILE NO. | FOLLOW UP ON
-----------|-----------------|-------------------|-------------
B - 296 | Project. SIGN | | ✓
| Cor
  
FROM: 5D-OSI | DATED | NO. INCLS.
TO: IX-XS | 8/2/45
  
RECORDING | DATE | RECORDED | DATE  
DESK | A. X-1 | 8/4/49 | Hour C930
  
ROUTED TO: | SUSPENSE DATE | ESTABLISHED BY INITIALS | DATE
1. IX-XS | N/A | (Initials illegible) | 4 - (rest illegible)
2. |
  
DATE OF REPLY | OTHER DISPOSITION
  
TRANSMITTAL
ARE FORM NO. 61
USED FOR "X" OR "SX"
REPORTS MUST
BE FORWARDED
TO CHANNELS
---

- page 11 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned document from Project Blue Book. The text of the document reads as follows:

---

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTION GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATION
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

TITLE: "PROJECT SIGN"
UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT
Sighted in Southern Oregon
on 27 July 1949

FILE NO. ---- 2-30
DATE ----
4 November 1949
REPORT MADE BY
RALPH M. HATCUS JR.
REPORT MADE AT
DPU #200, McChord AFB
PERIOD
19 October 1949
OFFICE OF ORIGIN
DPU #200, McChord AFB
STATUS
CLOSED

CHARACTER:
SUMMARY

REFERENCE Rpt of S/A Erygden is: Locr, D flg, dtd 6 July 49, file 2k-15
Rpt of S/A Erjgh in Louser, DU #200, dtrd 24ct 49; file 2k-30
(SYNOPSIS)

It was learned that records of the Seattle air route-Traffic
Control Center, Seattle-Tacoma Airport, Bow Lake, Washington, are
retained for only ninety days; whereupon, if nothing unusual has
occurred, the records are destroyed.

DOWNGRADED AT 5 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

---

DISTRIBUTION
CG, AIC, ----PAFB
ATTN: MCIA/XO-3
(Action Copies)

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO
Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio
ATTENTION: MCIA/XO-3

Hq OSI
File

---

APPROVED
[Signature]
K.B. DOLLENS
MAJOR, USAF
Actg DISTRICT COMMANDER

AFC51 FORM 4
23 JULY 1948

UNCLASSIFIED

---
[FILE STAMP]
'9-1073, AF'

---

[There are annotations and numbers that appear to be reference codes or stamps on various parts of the document, such as "392" near the file stamp area and some handwriting that may denote processing or internal references for the report.]

Please note that due to the quality of the scan and the handwriting, some words might be transcribed incorrectly.

- page 12 -

There are no photographs present on this page. The page contains typed and handwritten text, stamps, and signatures. Here is the text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

5D-C31/lev./lnn
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL USAF
5TH DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE DAYTON OHIO
IN REPLY REFER TO: 5D 21-21

SUBJECT: "PROJECT SIGN"
UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT SIGHTED
BY SOVIET ZONE (sic) ORIG ON 27 May 1949
SPECIAL INQUIRY

19 July 1.9

TO:
Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: L/CIAXS

1. This District Office is in receipt of 2 copies of a report of
investigation by Special Agent BYRNE E. LOOM, 20,419, Fairfield-
Suisun AFB, California, subject as above, dated 3 July 1949. However,
copies for distribution to your office were not included with the
copies to this office.

2. Information is requested as to whether your office has re-
ceived the above mentioned copies of the report from DO #19.

[Signature]
R.E.D. HARDIN
2nd Lt., USAF
Assist.

[Signature]
Acting District Commander

5D 21-21
1st Ind.
HQ A.C., Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio

JUL 26 1949
TO: The Inspector General, USAF, 5th District Office of Special Investi-
gations, WPAFB, Dayton, Ohio

Report mentioned in Paragraph 1 of basic letter not received to
date.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

[Signature]
CHARLES CARROLL
F. H. LUCY
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
28 JUL 1949

WF-O-3 OCT 48 15M

UNCLASSIFIED

ROUTE 1

- page 13 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided. However, I will transcribe the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DOWN GRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

Issued by the Intelligence Division
Office of Chief of Naval Operations
Navy Department
                                                                                                  Monograph Index Guide No. A/VJ(?)077L
Serial: 35-49
From: DI0-HND                                                                          AT San Diego           Date: 25 June 1947
Reference: CNO Conf Ser 04422P32 dtg 4 iv 1947, subj: Flying discs - report of.
Sources: See below.                                                                         Evaluation: B-3

Subject: Unidentified Flying Objects - Report Of.

BRIEF: While flying north in a private plane source, who is believed to be
reliable, saw 6 or 7 "flying discs" in southern Oregon; 27 May 1947. The
discs are described as elongated ovals, perhaps 20 feet length; they flew in a
steady file form/ation at between 200 to 250 MPH; they appeared to be made
of unpainted metal; no smoke or exhaust trails were observed.

SOURCE: LTJG --------------- (BL), USNR (Inactive), Serial ---------------, of
-----------------, Los Angeles, California. He was commissioned Ensign
January 1942. Served at Corpus Christi 36 days AV(T); in Dallas two
months VF2(D). Arrived SNJ's from North American Company, has 60
hours overcoming, Pennsylvania for 30 days, serviced one-out passed for
squadron VF(2) at Columbus; served at Columbus until August 1943. Source
then was with VF(3) at Terminal Island, Calif., where he became T.L. Ad
and personnel officer, was discharged from the Navy in January 1946 as
LTJG.

Source holds Naval aviator’s [certi]ficate --------------- plus a senior
pilot’s rating; in the Ferry wing o the Naval Air Transport Command. He
also holds a commercial license; single and multi-engine, and flight in-
structor’s rating. His flight time so far in 1947 totals over
5000 hours, of which time 1400 hours were in the U.S.Navy. Source secured
a private license in 1935, a transport license in 1937, a commercial pilot's
license in 1936, and a re-issue commercial pilot's license in 1945
From March 1942 to September 1943 he was flight instructor for the Army Air
Force (5 months as primary instructor at Cal-Aero, and the balance of the
time as basic instructor at Lancaster, California). From September 1943 to
January 1944 he flew for the Supervisor Oil Company of California.

Since 1940 source has been Vice-President of the Royal Petroleum Com-
pany of Califor[ia], Long Beach; a concern in which he and his relations own
all of the stock; he also is part-owner of three other oil producing concerns
in Southern California.

Source is married and has three children. He has a B.S. and J.D.
de[gree]s from the University of Southern California, Los Angeles, California; he
also had two years o law at the University of Southern California. Source is

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page of text from a report. Below is the transcription of the text present in the image:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

thirty years of age, but appears to have a background of experience far
beyond his age possesses. He is believed to be conservative, sincere, absolutely
reliable, and very cooperative.

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects observed in Cr.PZ 27 May 1949

On Friday, 27 May 1949, source was flying his own Stinson
aircraft from Red Bluff, California to Burns, Ore., a distance of 305 miles.
He left Red Bluff at 1132 P.S.T., and arrived at Burns at 1545 P.S.T. (elapsed
time 1 hour 26 minutes). Source lives in a turns after circling the town
twofold, which observed about two minutes. The sun's normal maximum azimuth
is 170° 521', source "Quadrilateral high plain" which he feels passes through
surplus lightening, nine the plane by about 600 lbs.) and it means the crew ... all
true air 5PM--160 or the 15th the base 212 MPH ground speed; source
estimates he has a tail wind of 15 to 16 MPH.

At 1425 Pacific Standard Time, Friday, 27 May 1949, source observed
the sun pointing on an object or objects at a considerable distance to his right,
a few to his mind the object or objects did to wish the other aircraft seem
reflect light natural objects; it also maintained a constant vertical thickness
as the distance lessened between the aircraft and the objects. Rather the objects
reached the low bluffs (however not used to 2) at aerobatic contests ski area
course (W) which run for a number of miles along the distant side of some grey
lakes (snappings, Flats; the (Chaparral can't be correct look) has a small it is used
of a single object there were several, which seemed to be flying in formation.

At this point the objects appeared to have elucidated the other reason
that they were parallel; his horse (southwest to his runway) as this period
follow at the objects at about 600 to 600 feet below source's altitude is
certain that he observed about as much as 5 1/2 to 7 1/2 the source's altitude
he could see the objects as being 10 miles size could be less was 
less than 10 miles away and he could see the objects outlined against the 
bluffs.

The objects that source saw are described by him as follows:
Size of each object: Considerably smaller than a jet fighter plane,
probably less than 20 ft in length, air or air the space objects are nothing
the same in size.

Shape of objects; There was no break in the outline. Source is
certain he would have recognized conventional aircraft. They had a solid
configuration, and no great thickness. They were elongated oval, perhaps
twice as long as wide, and perhaps five times as long; as thick. Source points
to the observed the objects from an angle from above and could not easily
estimate their thickness; they could possibly have been disc-shaped, an solid
conservatively have been pretty oval. The objects sounded definitely could
objects - there was nothing ethereal about them.

Speed of Objects; Source is confident that they were traveling at least as
fast as the source's own plane (270 MPH on the time a wind of 15 to 16 
MPH and the objects would the forth have been doing over 250 MPH air speed. The
objects were traveling; simultaneously, opposite to the source's course, is
calculated; the speed of the objects, but ... real different ways from the
how, the speed to the objects varies between 190 to 260 MPH. Source
concluded at the time of observation that he could not possibly have turned

UNCLASSIFIED
--- 

Note: The text contains several instances where it is illegible or fragmentary, as indicated by ellipses (...) and unclear phrases. This is reflected in the transcription.

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a scanned page of a typewritten document related to a UFO sighting report. There are no photographs or images on this page; it consists entirely of text. Below is the transcribed content of the document:

---
around and caught up with the objects. They were definitely traveling faster
than a C-47 or B-25, this, slower than jet planes. No trail of smoke or
exhaust was observed. The speed of the objects appeared to be steady.

It is very doubtful if the observation, i.e., if the source's estimates of
distances between about 5,000 feet to possibly 10,000 feet and distances above
the terrain, the objects were about 1,000 to possibly 1,500 below source's plane.
Towards the end of sighting when source had begun to come down he was at 10,000
or a level with them in altitude.

The valley through which source flew north, and the objects fin-
ally south., is approximately 5 to 10 miles wide. The floor of the valley is compartmented by 
location in the main valley. The situation in states that no layman could estimate
altitude (20,000 ft. elevation). He is using the terrain as a basis for his esti-
mate. The mountains or high ground on either side to allow 5,000'. The bluff, or one other
terrain, as against which source saw the objects is quite dark in color. The
objects stood out in contrast to the dark color. The objects appeared to be
unpainted aluminum.

The rim of the bluff or the east side of the valley is about 7000'
in elevation. The lone witness said that the objects (at 9000' elevation) they
were roughly in line with the rim of the valley (7000' elevation) the Ots
were 1 to 3 miles away from the bluff-rim, they were probably flying at about
5000' MSL, and about 1500' above the valley floor.

The valley where source sighted the objects is sparsely populated,
however, there are a number of ranches there - more than are indicated on the
Osi(s)(W-2) aeronautical chart. So the observation, if pursued i.e. in
the valley were questioned, canvass for eyewitness might be found who saw the
objects from the ground. source has flown this flight by fairly early times in
going between California and Oregon, and does not recall ever having seen
another similar in the valley where he sighted the objects. The valley is
not a commercial airway route, and also seldom used by private planes. source
does a real over some fairly mountainous made this flight as
shown as such on the Boise (V-2) section of aeronautical chart.

Number and formation of objects: At the beginning of observation, on
when the objects were a few objects to the starboard or dead ahead, source,
could not distinguish formation, just as a swarm, were definitely less, however,
as he came closer and passed them by 5 1/2 to 7 1/2 miles he definitely saw
6 or 7 separate objects. To one of the separate source states with positiveness
that there were no less than 5 objects and no more than 6.

The objects were always in file formation (one behind the other)
and there appeared to be no change in altitude of the formation. The space
between the lead object and next two was three or four times the length
of one of the objects. The distance between the second of first objects,
objects was two or three. And the two thirds the length and the object,
accordingly, if the objects were 20' in length, the distance between #1 and #2
was 60 to 80 feet, and the distance between #2 and the others was about
10 and 17 feet. The distance between the objects appeared very constant. The
objects were so close and appeared to keep formation spacing in a manner
which indicated they might have been under tow by a leading object. At the
last.det. of sighting, on the conclusion, it for time was this, as possibly he been
observed. Source is positive that the objects were separate objects because
he was able to see terrain between them. The formation did not fluctuate in
---
Please note that due to the quality of the image, some words were hard to discern. This transcription represents the content to the best of my ability given the constraints.

- page 16 -

There are no photographs in this document. The document contains typewritten text only. Here is the transcription of the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Flight, the objects flew v.ry erratically; when soaring in a .straight
line objects w.r. goin' out of visual range on the horizon.
Late in the visbility time of observation visibility was
e~~ptionaly good. Could sex objects actiwly like NO talles t"ilt, -and cloud
were a few scattered clouds at between 1.,000 and 1e,000. The total n"report
\\las that two saucers 4'"1"" tall flying, between 10,000 and 30,000 ft., very bright
normally the top of the arout is shiny sometimly tu:mi.d:.. The saU cer waS
Of soiid~, that is, no moves vary fast betwan the clouds of the objects.
Light out of "sout". object, were to be to view (2-2) sectio or
APRONAL TO "PURSUING" Objects. wun/F object moves v.ry fast object was
L~~27N, 120W. This point was now definitively established and it was ex~~xd
from this etev~' grad at the two distinct into individual objects were source,
obs~~'d the objects. This positio so that possibly be as much as fiv, miles
SS of tna position give. Sources, loc !! ion when object is in the visual range
was :02 11', ll~~9~oh. Source first saw is a straight line between these
coordinates to other 01)jects when last observed, !4~~30'N., 119~~30'W.
20~~9' of objects were last ss~1 ! 120o, MY 104o
The obiects made a slight etforts: or cirros front scatter~~g, to
parallel the ceise's straight line of flight.

NOTE: OFFICIALS COMMENT: It is believed that conventional aircraft,
birds, balloons, astronomical phenomena, as auto-hypnotic self. be dismissed
aircraft to be a source the conclusion by a psychologist could be considered
as an explanation for th objects is emitted by source. Since sourc was not
flying into the sun and since he had an ex port photo interpretor, V-7 (f)J5 does not
appear to be a reasonable explanation, nor do reflections, or
irregularities of, the plexi-glass canopy through which source viewed the
objects offer a reasonable explanation, because of the wide r..ge of
observation of the objects. As far as the reporti·:"g officerls conceI:" tis
concerned (as well as sou rece's own comnient,) th explanation, or excreta's
si9hting Of the strange flyin9 Objects ramainN a question mar~.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document with text. Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Issued by the Intelligence Division
Office of Chief of Naval Operations
Navy Department

INTELLIGENCE REPORT

Serial: 35-49                       Monograph Index Guide No. AF9077L

From: DIO-11ND                                 AT San Diego         Date; 23 June 1949

Reference: CNO Conf Ser 00l422P32 dtd 4 Nov 1948, subj; Flying Discs - Report Of.

Source: See Below.                                           Evaluation: B-3

Subject: Unidentified Flying Objects - Report of.

BRIEF; While flying north in a private plane source, who is believed to be reliable, saw 6 or 7 flying discs" in southern Oregon, 27 May 1949. The discs are described as "elongated ovals, perhaps 20 length; they flew in a steady file formation at somewhere 200 to 250 MPH; they appeared to be made of unpainted metal; no smoke or exhaust trails were observed.

SOURCE: LTJG ---------- --------- (Inactive ), Serial --------- of ---------, Los Angeles, California. he was commissioned Ensign 5 January 1941. Served at Corpus Christi 30 days AV(T); in Dallas two months VRP-2(D). Ferried SNJ's from North American Company plants. Was at Willow Grove, Pennsylvania for 30 days. Served at check-out base for ferry squadron VRP(2) at Columbus; served at Columbus until August 1945. Source then was with VRP(3) at Terminal Island, California, where he became legal and personnel officer. Was discharged from the Navy in January 1946 as LTJG.

Source holds Naval Aviator's Certificate --------- plus a senior pilot's rating in the Ferry Wing of the Naval Air Transport Command. He also holds a commercial license, single and multi-engine, and flight instructor's rating. His flight time to Jan 1949 end now totals over 5000 hours, of which 1350 hours were in the U.S. Navy. Source piloted a private license in time, 1300 hour license 1937, a commercial license in 1936, and a 1935-issue commercial pilot's license in 195 (AU25). From March 1942 to September 1943 he was flight instructor for the Army Air Force (5 months as primary instructor at Cul-egro, and the balance of the time as basic instructor at Lancaster, California). From September 1943 to January 1946 he flow for the Supervisor Oil Company of California.

Since 1940 source has been Vice-President of the Royal Petroleum Company of California, Long Beach, a concern in which he and his relations own all of the stock; he also is part-owner of three other oil producing concerns in Southern California.

Source is married and has three children. he has a B.S. and B.A. degree from the University of Southern California, Los Angeles, California; he also had two years of law at the University of Southern California. Source is
```

The text is a report on the sighting of unidentified flying objects, as well as background information on the individual who reported the sighting. It is labeled as "UNCLASSIFIED."

- page 18 -

The image you've provided seems to be a page from a report from Project Blue Book that discusses an unsolved case regarding the sighting of unidentified flying objects. However, the page you've shared does not contain a photograph; it's a typewritten document. Below is the transcription of the text on the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED

thirty years of age, but appears to have a background of experience few men his age possess. He is believed to be conservative, sincere, absolutely reliable, and very competert.

REPORT: Unidentified Flying Objects Observed in Oregon 27 May 19^9:

On Friday, 27 May 19̣̣49, source was flying his own SNJ-type aircraft from Red Bluff, California to Burns, Orẹgon, a distance of 305 miles. He left Red Bluff at 1332 P.S.T. and arrived at Burns at 1456 P.S.T. (elapsed time; 1 hour 26 minutes). Source landed at Burns after circling the town twice, which consumed about ten minutes. While an SNJ's normal maximum speed is 170 MPH, source "demilitarized" his plane (which he has purchased at War Surplus, lightening the plane by about 600 lbs.) and it makes around 200 MPH true air speed. While on this flight he made 212 MPH ground speed; source estimates he had a tail wind of 15 to 18 MPH.

At 1425 Pacific Standard Time, Friday, 27 May 19̣̣9, source observed the sun reflecting on an object or objects at a considerable distance ahead, a few points to the starboard. ... he continued to watch the course taken by the reflecting material expecting it to materialize into on onrertorial aircraft as the distance lessened between him and the object or objects. As the objects reached the long bluffs (shown on the noise (V-2) Aeronautical Chart as dirt mouna{n)s) which rise a number of miles along the east side of some dry lakes (Swamp, Flagstaff, Campbell still stone Corral Lakes) he saw that instead of a single object there were several, which seemed to be flying in formation.

At this point the objects appeared to have changed their course so that they were paralleling his course (southwest to his northwest) and were following the bluffs' rim at about 100 to 1500 feet below his altitude, at a distance which he estimates to have been 5 1/2 to 7 1/2 miles. Source is certain that it could not have been as far as 10 miles since the bluffs were less than 10 miles away and he could see the objects outlined against the bluffs.

The objects that source saw are described by him as follows;
Size of each object: Considerably smaller than a fighter plane, probably less that 20' in length. All of the separate objects appeared to be the same in size.

Shape of objects; There was no break in the outline. Source is certain he would have recognized conventional aircraft. They had a solid configuration, and no great thickness. They were elongated oval, perhaps twice as long as wide, and perhaps five times as long as thick. Source points o:t he observ:d the objects from an angle from above and could not easily estimate their thickness; they could possibly have been egg-shaped, and could conceivably have been perfectly oval. The objects seemed definitely solid objects - there was nothing ethereal about them.

Speed of Objects; Source is confident they were traveling at least as fast as source's own plane (212 MPH). Source had a tail wind of 15 to 18 MPH and the objects would therefore have been doing over 230 MPH air speed. The objects were travelling south/southwest, opposite to source's course.

Calculating the speed of the objects, between different ways from the facts at hand, the speed of the objects varies between 190 to 260 MPH. Source concluded at the time of observation that he could not possibly have turned

UNCLASSIFIED

--- 

Please note that the text contains some illegible characters, which I've marked with "̣̣".

- page 19 -

The image appears to be a typed document page with text and no photographs. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

---
around and caught up with the objects. They were definitely traveling faster than a group of birds, and slower than jet planes. No trail of smoke or exhaust was observed. The speed of the objects appeared to be steady.

Terrain, elevations, population, etc. in area, Source flew at 9000' MSL which was between 4000' and 5000' above terrain. During most of the time of observation, the objects were 1000' to possibly 1500' below source's plane. Towards the end of sighting when source had begun to come down he was almost on a level with them in altitude.

The valley through which source flew north, and the objects flew south, is roughly 12 miles wide. The floor of the valley is dominatex* by *out to 5000' in elevation. The east side of the va*ley is coniur* by Hart Mountain (8002' in elevation). Hart Mountain stands on an elongated bluff, which has an almost sheer drop of around 1000'. The bluff, and all the terrain, against which source saw the objects is quite dark in color. The objects stood out in contrast to the dark color. The objects appeared to be unpainted metal.

The rim of the bluff on the east side of the valley is about 7000' in elevation. From where source saw the objects (at 9000' elevation) they were roughly in line with the rim of the bluff (7000'). Assuming the object were 1 to 3 miles away from the bluff-rim, they were probably flying at about 8000' MSL, and about 3500' above the valley floor.

The valley where source sighted the objects is sparsely populated; however, there are a number of ranches there - more than are indicated on the Boise (V-2) Aeronautical Chart. Source believes that if persons living in the valley were questioned, chances are several might be found who saw the objects from the ground. Source has flown through this valley many times in going between California and Oregon and does not recall ever having seen another airplane in the valley where he sighted the objects. The valley is not a commercial airway route, and is seldom used by private planes. Source does not recall ever seeing any automobiles on the dirt roads in the valley, shown as such on the Boise (V-2) section of Aeronautical Chart.

Number and formation of objects: At the beginning of observation, when the objects were a few degrees to the starboard dead ahead, source could not distinguish separate objects - all he saw were reflections; however, as he came closer and passed them by 5/12 to 7/12 miles he definitely saw 6 or 7 separate objects. To be on the safe side source states with positiveness that there were no less than 5 objects and no more than 8.

The objects were always in file formation (one behind the other) and there appeared to be no change in altitude or formations. The space between the lead object and the next one wa* three or four times the length of on* of the objects. The distance between the second and the following objects was between one-half and two-thirds the length of the objects. Accordingl*, if the objects were 20 in length, the distance between #1 and #2 was 60 to 70 feet, and the distance between #2 and the others was between 10 and 17 feet. The distance between the objects appeared very constant. The objects were so close and appeared to keep *x their formation spacing in a manner which indicated they might have been under tow by the leading object. At the distance of sighting, no connection, if there was any, could possibly be us* observed. Source is positive that the objects were separate objects because he was able to see terrain between them. The formation did not fluctuate in

UNCLASSIFIED
---

Please note that there are a few instances where the text is not fully legible due to the quality of the document; these are marked with asterisks (*) where the word is not clear.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It's a page of text from an old document. Here is the text from the document:

---

flight; the objects flew v ry evenly and steadily. When source last uw the objects they were going out of visual range on the horizon.

Weather and visibility at time of observation: Visibility was exceptionally good. Sour could see Harvey Lake, 70 miles distant, and could see smoke rising from the saw mills at Burns, Oregon, 75 miles distant. There were a few scattered clouds at between 10,000 and 10,000'. The weather report at the time indicated "scattered clouds at 10,000' and 18,000'." A very smoth. Normally the air in the area is light to mildly turbulant. The sun was west of source/ that is, source's plane was between the sun and the objects.

Location of sighting objects (Ref. to boites (V-2) Sectional Aeronautical Chart). Source’s location when objects were first sighted was 42°27'N, 120°W. This point was not definitely established but was computed from the known ground speed and the estimated time interval during which source observed the objects. This position could possibly be as much as five miles SSW of the position given. Source's location when objects left his visual range was 42°41'N, 119°49'W. Source flew in a straight line between these coordinates.

Location of objects when first observed: 42°36'N, 119°43'W. Location of objects when last seen: 42°28'N, 119°48'W.

The objects made a slight change of course from quartering to paralleling source's straight line of flight.

REPORTING OFFICER'S COMMENT: It is believed that conventional aircraft, birds, balloons, astronomical phenomena, and auto-hypnosis can be eliminated as an explanation for the objects sighted by source. Since source was not flying into the sun and since he is an expert pilot-instructor, VERTIGO does not appear to be a reasonable explanation; nor do reflections on, or irregularities of, the plexi-glass canopy through which source viewed the objects offer a reasonable explanation, because of the wide range of observance of the objects. As far as the reporting officer's comment is concerned (as well as so rce's own comment) the explanation of source's sighting of the strange flying objects remains a question mark.

---

UNCLASSIFIED

---

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

The text in the document reads as follows:

```
                                                       CONFIDENTIAL           UNCLASSIFIED
INCIDENT NO. _____
1. Date of Observation __27 July 1952____ Date of Interview _________

2. Exact Time (local) 1425

3. Place of Observation _________ and _________ at _________________

4. Position of observer _________ Aircraft, altitude about 9,000 feet in the air

5. What attracted attention to object reflection of sun on objects

6. Number of objects 30 to 50 in-flight formation and several of up to 4 times larger of
   objects for first 2 objects, distance at 1/2 to 3/4 of horizon width of objects

7. Apparent size smaller than fighter plane estimated as probably less than 3 ft in
   length.

8. Color of object like unpainted metal

9. Shape elongated oval or round (length to width ratio 3:1, length to size thickness ratio
   more than 20:1)

10. Altitude 7,000 - 9,000 – not 25,000 above terrain

11. Direction from observer west to east

12. Distance from observer 1-1/2 to 1-3/4 miles

13. Direction of flight of object(s) S to N

14. Time in sight _______

15. Speed at least 230 (___ initially 1400 to 600 mi/hr)

16. Sound and odor none noticed

17. Trail none noticed

18. Luminosity reflected.

19. Projections _________

20. Maneuvers change in altitude level steady flights.

21. Manner of disappearance last out of visual range

22. Effect on clouds _________

23. Additional information concerning object _________

24. Weather Conditions scattered clouds at 14,000 to 15,000 feet.
                                                      (over)

                                                          CONFIDENTIAL           UNCLASSIFIED
```

Several lines in the form have been left blank, and other information is either not fully visible or not provided. A stamped marking at the bottom right corner shows the document has been downgraded from "CONFIDENTIAL" to "UNCLASSIFIED" with a date and reference number adjacent to it:
```
DOWNGRADED
AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10
```


- page 22 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a text document. Below is the text transcribed from the document:

```
File No. 24-30

DETAILS: UNCLASSIFIED

1. The following investigation was conducted by S/A JAY J. JORDAN;
   
   AT SEATTLE, WASHINGTON

2. Mr. [redacted] Controller, Seattle Air Route Traffic Control
Center, Seattle-Tacoma Airport, Bow Lake, Washington, was interviewed on
19 October 1949, in regard to obtaining a record of flight schedules of
all Airways traffic in the vicinity of Hart Mountain, Ore., on 27 May 1949
at approximately 1430 hours. This agent was informed that records are
kept of such traffic for only ninety days; whereupon, if nothing unusual
occurred, such as accidents or traffic violations, the recorded are des-
troyed. MARKS' record of incidents for that date proved negative, indi-
cating that nothing unusual was reported on that date.

CLOSED

2

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 23 -

The image provided is a textual page, and there is no photograph present on it.

The text contains redactions and is somewhat difficult to read due to the quality, but here is the visible and legible text from the document:

---
Page 2           RTC                    Confidential         Report: 392

Name and address of observer: [REDACTED]

Occupation and hobbies: [REDACTED] Los Angeles, California

...

private pilot over 5,000 hours (1,500 navy)
Let J? in W.n..r. (inactive)

Co...t, J[REDACTED] relative to intelligence and character of observer(s).: Very conservative, sincere, absolutely reliable in every
co..Lcon.

---
Narrative section: "A" : On Friday, 27 May 1949, [REDACTED] Los Angeles, California, was flying his privately owned Ercoupe aircraft from
Medford, Oregon, to Burns, Oregon; he departed Medford at 1522 hours [REDACTED]
and arrived at Burns at 1640 hours P.S.T. At 1425 hours, Sa....(Name ..Serial Observed the 
sun reflecting on an object, or objects, at a considerable distance E.N.E. His .... & ....
point was to the starboard. He continued to watch the course taken by the refl.......
material, exce....omit it ... conflicted ... to conventional aircraft, and c.... ._..m....
[REDACTED] Showed no contrails, had no ....tual exhaust ... ..it .. .. .. which run for a number
(less than E) ... it... ... approximately Ch...t ... as it functions reached .... t... ... ...Er
normal lakes, flying in formation. At this point our object was for...row to have cl...d
seemed to be flying in formation inside of a single object the,... where several which
their course so that they were paralleling his course and were following the cliffs
L... at about 1500 to 1500 feet below all altitude at a distance which he estimates
rive to been 5-1/2 - 7-1/2 miles. Observes that the could move in E .. E.. at least
as ten (10) miles since the bluffs were less than ten (10) miles away and he could see
the objects outlined against the bluffs."

1. The objects that [REDACTED] saw are described by him as follows:

"j...t each object was considerably smaller than a fighter plane, probably less
than 20 ft in len.... All of the separate objects appeare to be the same in size.
All of the objects were so n.. you in the ..filled ... is clear and ...e had
two recognized conventional aircraft. They had a solid configuration, ..... to VW's
thickness, they were elongated oval, perhaps two as long as thick. Sw.... points out
he observed the objects from an angle from above and could not easily estimate their
a..cross view could possibly have been disc-shaped, and could conceivably have been
reflecting they. The objects seemed definitely solid objects - there was nothing
etherally about them.

The speed of objects [REDACTED] is confident they were traveling at least as his
own plane (120 MPH)... had a tail wind of 15 to 18 MPH and the objects would
therefore have been doing over 220 MPH air speed. The objects were traveling south/
southwest, opposite to the course. Calculating the speed of the objects, several
different ways from the facts at hand, the speed of the objects varies between 190 to
260 MPH. Concluded at the time of observation that he could not possibly have turned
around and caught up with the objects. They were definitely travelling faster than
a group of birds, and slower than jet planes. ... tail of smoke or exhaust was observed,
the speed of the objects appeared to be steady.

UNCLASSIFIED 
---

(The document contains UNCLASSIFIED stamps, signatures, and other markings which are typical for an official report but are not transcribed here for clarity and brevity of the main content.)

- page 24 -

The image provided is a text document with no photographs present. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

CONFIDENTIAL

Terrain, Octave vs. altitude: During most of the view at 7,000' MSL which
was over 10,000 MSL altitude terrain. For about 5 min of the view plane
was at 5,200 MSL and the terrain Virtually flat and 4,200' MSL at the
end of sighting when aircraft had begun to come down to Warm Springs on a
level with the object.
 
Observer's previous experience which might aid in identification of
the object was considerable as a bomber pilot in all theaters in Would War II and
as a fighter pilot and radar observer in Korean Conflict.
 
Color of object: The observer did not specify any definite color of the
object in either of his reports or correspondence. In later correspondence he
referred to it as "it looked silver because of its bright metallic color" and
"It looked like metal and was brilliant".
 
Apparent Size of object: The apparent size at arm's length of the nearest object
to the observer was approximately size of a 25 cent piece (quarter) at arm's length.
The others were from dime to nickel size. 
 
Range from the observer at the time they were closest is estimated to be about
10-15 miles. The formation less than this and the single object about this distance
perhaps a little more.
 
Time of day: 1400.
 
Angle of site or angle above horizon: the time the objects flew up the valley
200-300' above the valley floor. The single object was at same level at observer's
aircraft when the aircraft was at 5,200' MSL and estimated to be about 500' above
the valley, perhaps 5,700' MSL since the valley floor was about 4,200' MSL at about
2500' above the valley floor.

Conditions of observation: At time of the sighting area where observed was
The valley where sighting is sparsely populated; however, there are a number of
ranches there - more than one indicated on the Boise [Vec] sectional.
Population of Boise section is recognized, farms lining in the valley were
places are several valley towns two or three - 5,000' from the ground and in
close proximity to airport. The valley road going between Ontario and French
Glen does not recall ever having seen an aircraft land in the valley. Itself sighted any
object. The valley is not outdoor airplane but we fly men in and out
planes, and S snows do recall see(ng) any automobiles on the dirt roads in the
valley, snow as 3:00 am to 5:00 am (VFR)--the section...unusual what.

Number and Formation of Objects: At the beginning of observation, when the
objects were a few callous so we're obscured by clouds, six or more not more than
seven objects - all the same were followed. However, as the clouds or mists passed
one by one four to five could then be actually counted, six or seven were always
guessed. Of the objects 7-10 miles the rest very low in sky (dust makes it difficult to see
five (5) objects were almost constantly.

Information in regard to other aircraft in area.
There was no change in altitude of the formation. The space between two lead
objects and the next one was in the order of four miles which in the case of the objects was
Two times more between the second and the following objects was between one-half land two-thirds the length of the two objects. Apparently, in the objects were 20' in length,
The distance between 1 and 2 was set to 40 feet, and the distance between 3 and
The others was between 10 and 17 feet. The distance between the objects appeared very
Constant. The objects were so close and appeared to keep their formation spacing in a
Manner which indicated they might have been under tow by the leading object. At the
Distance of sighting, no connection, if there was any, could possibly have been
Observed. Some jets a positive that the objects were separate objects because he was able
To see terrain between them. The formation did not fluctuate in flight; the objects
Flew very evenly and steadily when Last saw the objects they were going out of
Visual range on the horizon."

"Weather and visibility at time of observation: Visibility was exceptionally
good. The could see Harvey Lake, 70 miles that, and could see smoke rising from the
Saw mills at Burns, Oregon, 75 miles distant. There were a few scattered clouds at

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it is a page from a text-based document. Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED - 3

between 10,000' and 16,000'. The weather report at the time indicated "scattered clouds at 10,000'". The air was very smooth. Normally the air in the area is turbulent to slightly turbulent. The sun was west of the line of flight, the time was between 16:12 and 16:15 PST.

[About half a paragraph redacted]

Location of objects when first observed: (redacted), (redacted), (redacted)
Location of objects when last seen: (redacted), (redacted), (redacted)
The objects made a slight change of course from quartering to paralleling (redacted)’s straight line of flight."

Time: (redacted) hrs in (redacted) (datetime),(serial no. (redacted). He was commissioned as a 2d Lt. January (redacted), served various units first with the (redacted)th San.(?), then was (redacted) in Feb. (redacted), entered CO(s) CTD(I) (redacted), CO(s) ADV CPT, plains, was a V-12 navy V-12, served a carrier group; graduated service school...(?) was ferry squadron (?)(?) at Columbus, and served at Columbus until August 1945. (?). For E.T.N. with U.S.A.F. certecial la1952. California, were he became legal and personnel officer. He was discharged from the army in January 1946 and did one years individual aviator's certificate no. C-7945, with a senior pilot's rate in M.R. (multi engines of the navy air transport command). He also holds a commercial license, single and multi-engine, and flight instructor's ratings. His flight time began in 1941 and now totals over 5700 hours, of which the 1500 hours were in the United States navy... ...LLL secured a private license in 1955, a transport license in 1957, a commercial pilot's license in 1956, and was re-issued commercial pilot's license in (redacted) from (redacted) -2. Wo September 1945 he was a flight instructor for the same air force (five months as primary instructor at Lancaster, California) from September 1945 to January 1946 he flew for the Superior oil company of California. Since (redacted), (redacted) has been Vice President of the Royal Petroleum Company of California, Long Beach, a concern in which he and his rerlations own all of the stock; he also is part owner of three (3) other oil producing concerns in Southern California. (redacted) is married and has three (3) children... He has a BS and MA degree from the University of Southern California; he also has two (2) years of law at the University of Southern California. He is thirty (30) years of age, but appears to have a background of experience few men his age possess. ...is believed to be conservative, sincere, absolutely reliable, and very competent."

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 26 -

The image presented is a scanned document page; there are no photographs present.

Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
Attn to HQ, AMC, WPAFB, Dayton, Ohio to CO, A/C Subj: Project "Grudge"
August 3, 1949

000.92                                          1st Ind

Air Force Cambridge Research Lab storres, 230 Albany Street, Cambridge 37, Mass.

TO: CC, AMC, WPAFB, Dayton 2, Ohio attn: CI/AS

    1. In accordance with basic communication, the following co...ents of Dr. A. F. Joos, Jr., Chief, Terrestrial Science Laboratory, are tra....itted for your information that (A) Frothy gas content with ir...idence is the development of constant level balloons. I know this to be a careful observer. Because he has been flying such balloon...any possibilities of such reports of unidentified objects being ..te to the balloons had been discussed with him as well as the observational methods which would yield a maximum amount of information. His re..rt is the best evidence that I have seen that the phenomenon is real. (B) Confer...the eva...al votns of Mr. Shell, the only possible explanation is that the object was a chain of meteorological balloons. This expl...on is very firm... other because the balloons will jet through...ut. That could not have been due to any Terrestrial Science Laboratory activities. (C) I can offer no logical explanation of the phenomenon. I believe that in both cases something real was seen.

    2. If any further information is desired concerning this pro..ect, your request will receive immediate attention and cooperation of this station.

                                                FOR THE COMMANDING OFFIC..t

3 Incls.                                  WILLIAM CLARK GRIGG
a/s                                          Chief, Plans and Operations Section
                                                Base Directorate for
                                                Geophysical Res. Sch

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOP, DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the quality of the scanned document, several words are cut off or illegible. Ellipses (...) have been used to indicate these gaps in the text.

- page 27 -

There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Below is the text found in the document:

```
Page 2

CONFIDENTIAL
                                             (Unidentified)
Name and address of observer:          UNCLAS1FIED
                                       Los Angeles, California

Occupation and hobbies:                Private Pilot over 2,000 hours (1300 Navy)
                                       Jet & In Univ. (Inactive)

Comments of Interviewer relative to observer and character of
observer(s):  appears conservative, sincere, absolutely reliable and very
competent.

NARRATIVE SUMMARY: On Friday, 27 May 1949, ------------
---------------, Los Angeles, California, was flying his privately owned SNJ-type aircraft from
Red Bluff, California, to Burns, Oregon. He departed Red Bluff at 1552 hours P.S.T.
and arrived at Burns at 1644 hours P.S.T. At 1615 hours, same date, 1.3 hours before
sun reflecting on an object, or objects, at a considerable distance ahead and a few
points to the starboard. He continued to watch the course taken by the reflecting
material, expecting it to materialise into a conventional aircraft as the distance
lessened between him and the object or objects. As the objects reached the long bluffs
(shown on the Boise (V-2) aeronautical chart swing in a mountain) which run for a number
miles along the east side of some dry lakes (Swan, Flagstaff, Campbell and Stone
Corral Lakes), he observed that instead of a single object there were several which
seemed to be flying in formation as the point of the object appeared to have changed
their course so that they were parallelling his course and were following the bluffs'
rim at about 1000 to 1500 feet below him. He did state that at a distance which he estimates
to have been 5-10 to 7-1/2 miles, all trace and dirt roads no where to be seen as
to ten (10) miles into the bluffs were less than ten (10) miles away and he could see
the objects outlined against the bluffs.

The objects that ------------ saw are described by him as follows:

Size of each object: Considerably smaller than a fighter plane, probably less
than 20 ft in length. All of the separate objects appeared to be the same in size.
Shape of object: There was no truck in the outline. ---- is certain he would
have recognized conventional aircraft, they had a solid configuration, and no great
thickness. They were elongated ovals, perhaps two among and twice as think.
he observed the objects from an angle from above and could not easily estimate their
thickness they could possibly have been egg-shaped, and could conceivably have been
perfectly oval. The objects seemed definitely solid objects - there was nothing
ethereal about them.

Speed of objects: ------------ is confident they were traveling at least as fast as his
own plane (MPH 125) as they had a trail wind of 15 to 18 MPH and the objects would
therefore have been doing over 230 MPH air speed. The objects were traveling south/
southwest, opposite to ------------'s course. Calculating the speed of the objects, several
different ways from the facts at hand, the speed of the objects varies between 150 to
260 MPH. Slight contrails at the time of observation the he could not possibly have turned
around and caught up with the objects. They were definitely traveling faster than
a group of birds, and slower than Jet planes. No trail of smoke or exhaust was observed.
The speed of the objects appeared to be steady.

                                                   UNCLASSIFIED
```

Please note that due to the quality of the document, some parts of the text are illegible or uncertain, which are indicated by dashed lines (-------) where appropriate.

- page 28 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a typewritten document, related to a UFO sighting report. I will transcribe the text from the document:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

Terrain, elevations, population, etc., in area: SEL flew at 9000' MSL which was even with most of the terrain surrounding the plane. Towards the end of logging when he had begun to come down he was at most on a level with the altitude.

The valley through which SEL flew north, and the objects flew south, is rough: 12 miles wide. The floor of the valley is between 4000' to 5000' in elevation. The east side of the valley is mountains that start out instantly to 500' from an elevation and in a sand or an allongialed [sic] tuft, which has an almost sheer drop of around 1000'. The bluffs, etc., and the contrasting bright white snow objects stand out in color: The objects stood out in contrast to the dark color. The objects appeared to be suspended so to.

A high rim of the bluff on the east side of the valley is about 7000' in elevation. From rim of bluff the objects (at 9000' elevation) they were rou;ghly in line with the rim of the bluff (7000'). Assuming the objects were only (1) to three (3) miles away from the bluff-rim, they were probably flying at about 6000' MSL, and about 3500' above the valley floor.

The valley where sighted the objects is sparsely populated, however, there are a number of ranches there - more than are indicated on the Boise (Wash) aeronautical Chart. Believes that if persons living in the valley were questioned, chances are several might be found who saw the objects from the ground.

Although this valley any times in going between California and Oregon and does not recall ever having seen another airplane in the valley where he sighted the objects. The valley is not a commerical [sic] runway route, and is seldom used by private planes. SEL does not recall ever seeing any automobiles on the dirt roads in the valley, shown as such on the Boise (W-2) section aeronautical chart.

Number and Formation of objects: At the beginning of observation, when the objects were a few degrees to the starboard of dead ahead, SEL could not distinguish seperate [sic] objects - all he saw were reflections; however, as he came closer and passed them by 5-1/2 to 7-1/2 miles he definitely say six (6) or seven (7) separate objects to be on the safe side, although he was with positiveness that there were no less than five (5) objects and no more than six (6) eight."

The objects were always in file formation (one behind the other) and there appeared to be no change in altitude of the formation. The space between the lead object and the next one was three or four times the length of one of the objects. The distance between the second and the following objects was between one-half and two-thirds the length of the objects. Accordingly, if the objects were 20' in length, the distance between all and #2 was 60 to 80 feet, and the distance between #2 and the others was between 10 and 17 feet. The distance between the objects appeared very constant. The objects were so close and appeared to keep their fromation [sic] in a manner which indicated they might have been under tow by the leading objects. At the distance of sighting, no connection; if there was any, could possibly have been observed. SEL is positive that the objects were separate objects because he was able to see terrain between them. The formation did not flauctuate [sic] in flight as the objects flew very evenly and steadily. When SEL last saw the objects they were going out of visual range on the horizon."

Weather and visibility at time of observation: Visibility was exceptionally good. SEL could see Harney Lake, 60 miles distant, and could see stack rolling from a saw mill at Burns, Oregon, 75 miles distant. There were a few scattered clouds at

[The document is cut off and the rest is not visible]

ENCLAS
--- 

Please note there may be a few errors in transcription due to the quality of the text and typographical errors within the document itself.

- page 29 -

The image provided is a page of text and does not contain any photographs. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

between 14,000' and 18,000'. The weather report at the time indicated "scattered clouds at 18,000'. The air was very smooth. Normally the air in the area is light to mildly turbulent. The sun was most of __ and ___ that it did not blind the men with the sun and oObJects."

"Location of sighting object: (refer to Eniose [V-2 Sectional Aeronautical Chart). _____'s location when oObJects were first sighted was (V-27", I20*... This point was observed from the town ground speed and the estimated time interval during which ____ could see th object____ This location would possibly be as much as five (5) miles south of the position given ____'s ground position above location of actual radio range was (4"'4", 119°6"). ____ flew in a straight line between these coordinates.

Location of oObJects when first observed 4"26'30", 119"0'43''.
Location of oObJects when last seen 4"25"45", 119°6"45".
____ then made a slight change of course from quartering to paralleling ____s straight line of flight.

___ is a Lt JG in 45(L)___(inactive), aerial ___ was commissioned Ensign 5 January 194[___ several VD courses while on active AW (1), in Dallas two (2) months VD[___]-___ third (3) days from a certain occupancy plants, was at [____] Grove, Pennsylvania, ferry ANJ's Cove served at other ___ bases was ferry squadron VJ(2) at Columbus, served at Columbus until August 1945. ___ for term with VJ's of external was laid California, where he became local and personal officer. He was discharged from the navy in January 1946 and Lt JG. ___ holds a Naval aviator's certificate ___ also holds a commercial license, single and multi-engine, and flight instructor's ratings. His flight time began in 1934 and now totals over 5000 hours, of which the 1300 hours were in the United States Navy. ___ secured a private license in 1955, a transport license in 1957, a commercial pilot's license in 1956, and was re-issued commercial pilot's license in 1958. From April 1949 to September 1949 he was a flight instructor for the Army Air Force (Five months as primary instructor at Lancaster, California). From Jan.1945 to January 1946 he flew for the Superior Oil Company of California. Since 1950 ___ has been Vice President of the Royal Petroleum Company of California, Long Beach, a concern in which he and his relations own all of the stock; he also is part owner of three (3) other oil producing concerns in Southern California. ___ is married and has three (3) children. He has a BS and BA degree from the University of Southern California; he also had two (2) years of law at the University of Southern California. At thirty (30) years of age, ___ appears to have a background of experience few men his age possess. He is be-
lieved to be conservative, sincere, absolutely reliable, and very competent."

UNCLASSIFIED

[Note: The text contains multiple redactions, indicated by blank lines or incomplete words, where information has been omitted or censored.]

- page 30 -

The image provided is a scanned document text, and there are no photographs present in this particular image. Below is the transcription of the text from the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL                                         INCIDENT NO. _______

1. Date of Observation _________________ Date of Interview __________________

2. Exact Time (local) 1425                                      UNCLASSIFIED 

3. Place of Observation 42° 27' North 120°6'W and 42°4'N lat 119°49' west

4. Position of observer (Southern Oregon)

   Air, B-47 aircraft, Course NNE at 9,000 feet at 212 MPH

5. What attracted attention to object reflection of Sun on object

6. Number of objects 5 to 8 in file formation interval of 3 to 4 times length of

   object; object for first object, distance 1 1/2 to 2/3 length of object.

7. Apparent size smaller than fighter place estimated as probably less than 20' in

   length.

8. Color of object Like unpainted metal.

9. Shape Elongated oval or round (length to width ratio 2:1), length to the thickness r

   small.

10. Altitude 7,500 - 6,000 ' MSL 3,500 above terra.

11. Direction from observer north east.

12. Distance from observer 5-1/2 to 7-1/2 miles.

13. Direction of flight of object(s) E & SW

14. Time in sight                

15. Speed At least 250 MPH (Probably 190°T 260 MPH)

16. Sound and odor

17. Trail None noticed

18. Luminosity Reflected.

19. Projections 

20. Maneuvers No change in altitude level steady flight.

21. Manner of disappearance Fast out of visual range

22. Effect on clouds

23. Additional information concerning object

24. Weather Conditions Scattered clouds at 14,000 to 15,000 feet.

(over)                     

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. Here is the transcription of the text found in the document:

---

INCIDENT NO. 392

1. Date of Observation 27 May 1949 Date of Interview __________
2. Exact Time (local) 1425
3. Place of Observation Between 42° 27' North 120°W and 42° 41' North 119° 36' W 33t Southern Oregon
4. Position of observer SNJ aircraft, course NE at 9000 ft with left-side aircraft tail wind at 212 MPH airspeed
5. What attracted attention to object reflection or sun on object
6. Number of objects 5 to 6 in file formation at interval of 2 to 2 1/2 times length of object for first object, balance at 1/2 to 2/3 length of object
7. Apparent size Smaller than fighter plane estimated as probably less than 20' in length
8. Color of object Like unpainted metal
9. Shape Elongated oval or round, length to width ratio 21, length to thickness ratio 51
10. Altitude 7500-6000' MSL 3500 above terrain
11. Direction from observer Northeast
12. Distance from observer 5 1/2 to 7 1/2 Miles
13. Direction of flight of object(s) SSW
14. Time in sight __________
15. Speed at least 230 MPH (probably 190 to 260 MPH)
16. Sound and odor __________
17. Trail None noticed
18. Luminosity Reflected
19. Projections __________
20. Maneuvers No change in altitude level steady flight
21. Manner of disappearance Passed out of visual range
22. Effect on Clouds __________
23. Additional information concerning object __________
24. Weather Conditions Scattered clouds at 14,000 to 18,000 ft

(over)

---

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a text document with certain portions censored out with black bars. Here is the full transcribed text from the document:

---

Page 2                                        Incident 332

Name and address of observer         [censored]         Los Angeles,
                                                             California

Occupation and hobbies;

Private pilot, Lt (jG) in USNR (inactive)

Comments of Interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observor(s)
Appears conservative, sincere, absolutely reliable, and very competent

NARRATIVE SUMMARY;
On Friday, 27 May 1949, [censored] Los Angeles,
California, was flying his privately owned SNJ-type aircraft from Red Bluff, California,
to Burns, Oregon. He departed Red Bluff at 1332 hours P.S.T. and arrived at Burns at
1456 hours P.S.T. At 1425 hours, same date, [censored] observed the sun reflecting on an
object, or objects, at a considerable distance ahead and a few points to the starboard.
He continued to watch the course taken by the reflecting material, expecting it to
materialize into a conventional aircraft as the distance lessoned between him and the
object or objects. As the objects reached the long bluffs (shown on the Boise (V-2)
Aeronautical Chart as Lairt Mountain) which run for a number of miles along the east
side of some dry lakes (Swamp, Flagstaff, Campbell and Stone Corral Lakes), he observed
that instead of a single object there were several which seemed to be flying in formation. At this point the objects appeared to have changed their course so that they
were paralleling his course and were following the bluffs' rim at about 1000 to 1500 feet below [censored] altitude at a distance which he estimates to have been 5-1/2 to 7-1/2 miles.
[censored] certain that it could not have been as far as ten (10) miles since the bluffs
were less than ten (10) miles away and he could see the objects outlined against the
bluffs."

---

- page 33 -

There are no photographs in the document image provided. The text in the document reads:

ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET
SUBJECT: Project Grudge 306-392
TO: MCRR FROM: ATIC/AXS DATE: 21 Jul 49 COMMENT NO. 1
ATIC/REDA ATIC/CRED ATIC/CRESO

1. This office is currently engaged in the investigation and study of all reported unidentified aerial phenomena. Under authority contained in paragraph No. 4 of Technical Instruction 2155 Addendum 3, this Command, dated 11 February 1948 the assistance and cooperation of your office is requested.

2. The inclosed information regarding the sighting of unidentified aerial objects in the vicinities of Arrey, New Mexico and Southern Oregon is forwarded for your review and comment as to possible origin and/or identification of these objects.

3. In view of the source of these reports Headquarters USAF has requested action on this matter be expedited and that both incidents be given special attention in an effort to obtain a logical explanation.

4. It is desired this office be advised by telephone of the estimated date your comments can be expected.

/s/ R. R. CLINGENSMITH
/t/ R. R. CLINGENSMITH
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Analysis Division
Intelligence Department
G.T./mr 6-6308a
Post 219B Bldg 288

3 Incls
1. Cy of Statement
2. Guide to Investigation
3. Incident Summary 392

------------------------------

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOE, DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

WF-30 APR 44 1600M

- page 34 -

No photograph is present in this document image. Here is the text output from the document:

ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET
FROM: AC/INTELL
TO: MCIA/XAS
SUBJECT: Project Grudge 306-392
DATE: 1 Aug 49 COMMENT NO. 2

1. In the analysis of the data presented, the first question that must be answered - "Did the observers actually perceive the objects which they describe through their physical sensing organs or were they created within the observer, i.e. noise?" The objects have been seen simultaneously by several observers and certain common characteristics described. This is irrefutable evidence and it must be recognized that the objects which the observers reported were real and perceived from stimuli received from outside the observer.

2. Now let us examine the testimony. What are the firm facts brought out by the observers?

a. The object had contrast with the sky by virtue either of a high albedo or radiation eminating from its surface.

b. The object was moving relative to the observer. The speed at which the objects were moving cannot be established to any degree because of the lack of range information. Whether it was moving with the air mass or not is not certain. Shell observed the object to be moving retrograde to his own vehicle at an estimated 230 mph, relative but without definite range measurements, very little can be made from this part of the observation. What object at this speed can move with a 20 mph wind? Consequently one could assume any number of situations which would physically satisfy the conditions described by the observer, i.e. the object could be at rest in the air mass when viewed forward or the thwart ship axis, the object could appear large because of being a bright object at a distance in a free field, as the object came closer, its size would appear in true perspective and to the rear of the thwart ship axis, the object would again appear to be larger. This would give the impression of great distance and consequently great speed for a given angular rate. In the case of the ground observer, the angular rate was equivalent of the anticipated motion of the air mass but on a different direction. Variation in altitude could account for this different direction of air mass; consequently, it cannot be definitely established that the bodies observed were not moving with the air mass, and on the other hand, it cannot be proved that they were. Therefore, all we can conclude was the object moved relative to the observer at an unknown speed.

c. Configuration: Elongated oval; a solid of revolution. These seem to be a common observation.

d. Size: Indefinite

e. Altitude: Shell reported what can be considered a reliable observation beneath the level of his own vehicle which was at 9000 ft. above main sea level and 10,500 ft. above the terrain.

(Continue on other side)

- page 35 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a photocopied page from a report document, and I will transcribe the visible text on the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL
SECURITY INFORMATION

Geographic: It is to be noted that the local of these two
observations was in the semi-desert waste lands of Western U.S., in
general, a region of low surface earth conductivity and low humidity and
sharp changes in the refractive index of light and temperature near the
surface of the earth and high thermal current in the air mass.

3. Let us consider the objects and phenomena which inhabitate or
manifest themselves in the atmosphere near the surface of the earth.

    a. Natural: Animal Life

       birds
       bugs

       Physical Disturbances

       Particles - dust - water vapor
       Optical Anomalies
       Energy Exchanges

    b. Airborn Vehicles

       Conventional
       Non-conventional

and let us discuss each of the items:

    (1) Of the animal life that can make itself airborn, only
two general classes need be considered - birds and bugs. Both of these
can propel themselves in the atmosphere and have been reported found at
high altitudes probably as a result of the vertical motion of air masses
and not of their own locomotion. That these animals could give the con-
figuration and albedo reported by the observers is possible. Swarms of
bugs are known to make mass migrations and are believed to be responsible
for the "angels" sometimes seen on Radar presentations. The arbitrary
weighting given to the plausibility of the object reported being animal
life is one-tenth, where unity is defined as certainty.

    (2) Physical disturbances, by which is meant any distur-
bance to the natural homo-/eneous distribution of the constituents of the
atmosphere and their energies, such as dust particles, accelerated by
thermals or water vapor or ice particles, could conceivably assume the
configuration reported. That dust laden air can be made to retain its
original configuration for long periods of time is evidenced by the
British experiments for determining the velocity of the upper air masses
(100,000 ft.) by the use of puffs of smoke from rifles. These particles
can also have the albedo observed. There are other phenomena which are
the result of energy exchanges which give small masses of gas luminosity
and self propelling energies, one of these is the "Fire Ball" or nitrogen
glow discharge that often is seen accompanying static discharges. Optical
anomalies are common in tropical atmospheres and varying indices of

(DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE)


[Some text is obscured by the 'DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE' mark]
``` 

Please note that some text at the bottom of the page is obscured by a directive not to write below a certain line.

- page 36 -

The image you have provided does not contain any photographs. It is a text document, and here is the transcription of the text:

ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET
Use this form for inter-office correspondence
Use standard office symbols to designate addresses and files.
Number all comments consecutively.
Write on both sides of sheet, both sides.
Retain original in lower left of form.
Not varnishing place it between sheets of type
wrapper spacing of typewriter carriage.

SUBJECT: Project Grudge—306—392
TO: \[CENSORED\]
\[CENSORED\]
DATE 1 Aug 49 COMMENT NO. 2
cont'd

of refraction give curved paths to light propagation. Although there is little evidence to support the optical anomaly conclusion, is there reason to exclude it? The arbitrary phenomena observed is the probability of physical disturbances being the phenomena observed is two-tenths.

(3) The conventional airborn vehicles, when viewed from a distance at unfavorable aspects, do present the appearance of ellipsoid, have the appearance of reflection observed and commonly frequent the atmosphere close to the earth. However, when viewed from less than 10 miles over a period of minutes, most aircraft would present a recognizable configuration. The arbitrarily assigned probability is one-tenth.

(4) For non-conventional aircraft, one must say that no such configurations are known to Allied aircraft designers; that no propulsion systems capable of moving a fantastic (from our present aeronautical engineering knowledge) drag forces through the distances commensurate with the spheres of our influence are known. Yet that exists as a possibility and the arbitrarily assigned probability is one-tenth.

4. On a scale of probability where six-tenths is the minimum necessary to make a prediction, we can intelligently make no conclusions as to the nature of the objects observed.

J. E. \[CENSORED\]
\[SIGNATURE\]
T. K. OLIVER
Captain, USAF
Acting Chief
Office of Air Research
Bldg. 190T

3 Incls.
n/c

BJ3/rcm
2-3123

UNCLASSIFIED
\[CENSORED\]

WRLS 115 F&B (4 Mill 2140M
AMC Form No. 8 (Rov 30 Jul 47)
(CONTINUE ON OTHER SIDE)
This form replaces AMC Form No. 104, which will
be used until stocks on hand are exhausted.

Note: There are redacted/censored areas in the document, and they are not transcribed as they are not legible.

- page 37 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

```
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE     
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL     
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS     
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

FILE NO.    
DATE 24 October 1949    
RMQ MADE BY     
TITLE     
REPORT MADE AT     
RED 220, McClelland AF3     
PERIOD 27 Sept - 11 Oct 1949     
OFFICE OF ORIGIN     
RED 220, McClelland AF3     
STATUS

CHARACTER     
SYN R 4 L 7     
REPORT OF 3/A xxxx A/VCCC, DC -194, Fairfield-Suisun AF3, California,     
dated 6 July 1949 File No. 200-2145     
SYNOPSIS 
Investigation predicated upon report of     
Fairfield-Suisun AF3, California, dated 6 July 1949, File No. 200-2145.     
The writer was unable to contact anyone who had seen any unconventional     
aircraft in the Fort Mountain, GA area.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

DISTRIBUTION     
CG, A/C, TWX-AF3     
ATTN: OLACX-3
(Action Copies) 2     
Hqs OSI     
File 2    

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO     
Commanding General     
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson AF3    
Dayton, Ohio    
ATTN: TNOI; MXAIOX-3    
APPROVED     
UNCLASSIFIED 92     
f n  B. MAURER     
Major, USAF    
Acting   
UNCLASSIFIED

AFHQ FORM O-208      
15 JAN 49      
Replace AFCSI Form 4, 23 Jul 48, which may be used.     
16--577744—1   U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE
```

Note: Some of the text has been redacted or is unclear due to the quality of the scan. I've represented this by using 'xxxx' to indicate redacted or unreadable information.

- page 38 -

There are no photographs present in the image you provided. It is a page from a text-based report. Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
File No. 24-30                  UNCLASSIFIED

DETAILS:

1. Investigation received upon report of S/S [REDACTED]
DO #19, Fairfield-Suisun AFB, California, dated 5 July; 1947, File 
24-15.

2. Special Agent [REDACTED] assisted in the investigation
of this case.

AT LAKEVIEW, OREGON

3. On 21 September 1949, Sheriff [REDACTED], Lake County,
Lakeview, Oregon, advised that his office has received no reports of
unconventional aircraft in the Hart Mountain area.

4. On 21 September 1949, Mr. and Mrs. E. J. ADAMS, superintendents
of the antelope game reserve, Hart Mountain, in Lake County, Oregon,
advised that they have neither seen nor heard of any unconventional air-
craft in the Hart Mountain area.

AT PLUSH, OREGON

5. On 21 September 1949, Mr. J. C. O'NEILL and Mr. RAY ATILS,
both of Plush, Oregon, advised that they have neither seen nor heard of
any unconventional aircraft in the Hart Mountain area.

AT PORTLAND, OREGON

6. Mr. STAHL, U. S. WEATHER BUREAU, Teletype Bureau, Customs House,
220 N.W. 8th Ave., Portland, Ore., was interviewed in his office on 11 Oct
1949. After reviewing weather charts for 27 May 1949, he advised that there
are no teletype sequence charts for Lakeview, Oregon; however, the nearest
western tie time of sighting of unconventional aircraft is for 12:07 hours
(PST), 27 May 1949. This weather report was sent out from Burns, Oregon,
and reads as follows: Amount of clouds: 1- at 4500 feet; Surface winds
from south, 9 miles velocity; Visibility 30 miles; Humidity: dry bulb - 
76.8, wet bulb - 56.2; Pressure change - 0.060. Mr. STAHL also advised that
the only winds aloft report for that area was at Burns, Oregon, as contained
in published chart. After reviewing chart for 1900 hours (PST), 27 May 1949,
nearest report to time of sighting of unconventional aircraft, he advised
that winds aloft were as follows: Surface 340 at 10 knots; 6000 feet
340 at 19 knots; 8000 feet 300 at 16 knots; 10,000 feet 240 at 22
knots; 12,000 feet 220 at 30 knots; 14,000 feet: 210 at 32 knots;
16,000 feet: 190 at 33 knots; 18,000 feet: 180 at 39 knots; 20,000 feet
190 at 39 knots. He further advised that since Lakeview is not a weather
station, there could not have been any weather balloons or testing devices

UNCLASSIFIED
```

The information has been marked as "UNCLASSIFIED," indicating that it is no longer sensitive and is cleared for public release.

- page 39 -

