There are no photographs present in this document. Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT-10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP          2. LOCATION
12 May 49 12/2300Z            Westfield, Indiana

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Air-Visual

7. COURSE
West

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted a metallic-looking object. There was sunlight glinting on it and it appeared to be round. Observer at first believed it to be an airliner, but it seemed to be moving too fast. He thought it to be too large to be a jet. The object was heading West. It vanished into the sunlight.

FORM
FTD SFP 63-0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The provided image contains no photographs; it is a page of text. Here is the text transcribed:

---
January 14, 1950

Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright Field
Dayton, Ohio

UNCLASSIFIED 

SUBJECT: Project Saucer

On May 12, 1949 at approximately 5:00 p.m., Central Daylight Time I was flying on course from South Bend, Indiana to Sky Harbor Airport, Indianapolis and was at a position approximately halfway between Westfield and Cicero, Indiana, marked "C" on the accompanying chart, As I remember it, there were light widely scattered clouds between 5000 and 6000 feet. I was flying at 10000 feet, approximately due south heading, by myself in a Cessna 120, NC7714, owned by Sky Harbor, Inc.

At that time, I had 155 hours of solo, 28 hours dual, 56 hours cross country, and 2 hours of night flying logged; at present, I have 208 hours solo and 82 hours cross country logged. I am a photographer, and have been for the past 13 years; was a photographer during most of my five years of army experience.

At the above mentioned time and place I saw at a heading of approximately 130° what I thought to be an airliner. Upon watching it further as our course seemed to be converging I saw it was moving at a speed more rapid than an airliner normally travels. It was larger than a jet, so when it crossed over McCordsville (marked "A" on the accompanying chart), I started my chronograph and kept the object in sight until a degree heading of approximately 250° was reached. At that time it vanished into the sunlight at a point I plotted on the map, marked at approximately "B".

I definitely saw the object cross on a westerly course from "A" to "B", approximately crossing over Castleton and Nora, which are two prominent landmarks in that area. When it approached McCordsville I tried my chronograph just to see how fast it was going and kept it in sight from position "A" accurate to approximate position "B" for a period of one minute and twenty seconds. I immediately tried to raise Indianapolis radio, but the transmitter was not strong enough to raise them.

On arriving back at the airport I waited until my instructor, Gordon Schwartz, CFI #74980, who resides at Lawrence, Indiana, employed by Sky Harbor, Inc., Indianapolis, Indiana, returned from an instructional hop, and discussed the incident with him. He suggested that I forget about the incident as the papers and magazines had carried it as a hoax, hallucination, publicity, etc. I proceeded to forget about the incident. Upon reading the article in the current issue of True Magazine, I discussed the incident again with my instructor and with other peoples. So I have decided to make this report in spite of denials in the papers and the fact that there is no evidence but my own to substantiate it.
---

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. Here is the output of the text in the document:

It could not have been an aluminum barn roof or a lake, and, in
my opinion, it was the approximate size, or perhaps a little
smaller, than the Graf Zeppelin, sha ped in the same general
shape as the Graf Zeppelin, which I saw some years back from
approximately the same distance in South Bend, Indiana when it
passed over or just south of Niles, Michigan on its (I believe)
around the world flight.

Referring back to point "B" on the chert, this is only approximate
due to the fact that I saw it cross McCordsville, Castleton, Nora,
continuing that line and estimating the degree heading that it
disappeared into the sunlight of the near-setting sun; and where
the two lines intersected I marked the point "B" as shown on the
chart. There was sunlight glinting on the entire length of it,
and it showed roundness and a seemingly bright finish, such as
polished aluminum.

There is no further information that I have on it. I would ap-
preciate no publicity or mention of my name in connection with
this. At the time in the plane, I made notes on the back of
an envelope, exact time and all the figures: which I have either
mislaid or has gotten thrown away. All that above is accurate
as I remember it. I have the original chart, which I remarked
at the time of the incident.

If I may be of further service to you in this matter, please
advise.

                                  Yours very truly,

                                  [Redacted]

                                  Indianapolis 15, Indiana

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image provided appears to be a map or chart with numerous lines intersecting across various geographical locations. The text and details are very small and blurry, making them difficult to discern and thus I'm unable to provide OCR transcriptions of the specific text on this map.

If you need information from the text, I would recommend accessing a higher-resolution image or the original document for a clear view of the contents.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO

HVS/ed

26 JAN 1950

Indianapolis 18, Indiana

Dear Sir:

Receipt of your letter dated 14 January 1950 is 
hereby acknowledged.

Your letter will be forwarded to the office interested
in these matters.

If further information is desired you will be contacted.

Your action in writing this Command is appreciated.

Yours truly,

RYAN L. DAVIS
Colonel, USAF
Air Adjutant General

ANALYSIS DIVISION FILE
FILE NUMBER
INITIALS DATE
UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 5 -

