The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

27 april 1950
Office: o-2-13-63 (c Hanle)
There...
Arm Pit Form for 3" 
 (30 Sec)
Astro (aene?)
18 h 35.0 UT
15 h 16 m 58 s
Clarendon, Texas. North lat 34 53'
Altitude 3420 feet 
Azimuth 150 degrees
Elevation 15 degrees
Dur. 0.5 minutes
Interval. Loy.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects.

Text output:

LOS ANGELES AF PROCURE'T FIELD OFFICE
AIR MATERIAL COMMAND
155 N. WASHINGTON BLVD.
P.O. Box 2219 TERMINAL ANNEX
LOS ANGELES 54, CALIFORNIA MCPFTY/GHJ/wmb

SUBJECT: Report on Observation of an Unidentified Object
in the Sky

TO: Commanding General
Air Materiel Command 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio
Attention: MCPF

1. Forwarded for your information is a copy of a report
prepared by a Senior-Pilot Corps Pilot in regard to an unidentified object observed in the sky in the vicinity of Memphis, Tenn. on 11 April 1950.

2. This material has been classified "Confidential" pending
the evaluation of its contents and decision by Headquarters, Air
Material Command.

FOR THE CHIEF, LOS ANGELES AF PROCUREMENT FIELD OFFICE:

CHARLES E. MOORE
Major, USAF
Chief, Flight Operations

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS,
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, titled "NORTHROP AIRCRAFT, MEMORANDUM AVOD VERBAL ORDERS".

Transcribed text:

On 17 April 1950 a flight was made from Northrop Field, Hawthorne, California, to Amarillo, Texas, in connection with Project MX-775. The airplane used for this flight was F-86D No. AF 8507, with Lt. Col. Lloyd Sallam and Sam F. West as observers, and the undersigned as pilot.

Shortly before departing from Amarillo on 18 April 1950 for the return flight to Northrop Field, I was requested by the Amarillo Airport office to call the local CAA office range station. Upon contacting the CAA offices I was informed that the CAA observers in Clarendon, Texas, had under observation an unidentified object at approximately 20,000 feet over Clarendon at approximately 12:00 noon Amarillo time.

After reaching an altitude of approximately 20,000 feet in the vicinity of Memphis, Texas, an object was sighted to the northwest of our position. This object was at a considerable distance and could be detected only by the intermittent reflection of the sunlight on what appeared to be a metallic surface, as another pass toward this object was made radio communication established with the Clarendon station indicated that the object was still under observation as to the possibility of other aircraft being in the area, as no other altitudes at that altitude were known to be in the area but this one, that information was passed from Fort Worth, Texas, to search for and observe the object but it had not been sighted.

After flying toward the object for approximately 10 minutes, it began to take form and appeared as it might be a weather balloon. Amarillo radio was then questioned.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum from the Northrop Aircraft Corporation regarding an observation of an unidentified flying object in the sky near Clarendon, Texas on April 27, 1950.

The text in the document is as follows:

NORTHROP AIRCRAFT, INC.
MEMORANDUM
AVOID VERBAL ORDERS

To: Lt. Col. [Redacted]
Subject: Observation of Unidentified Object in the Sky, 18 April 1950 near Clarendon, Texas
Copies: [Redacted]

After contacting the local weather station, they advised that there could possibly be a weather balloon inasmuch as it had been observed continuously in the same area for approximately four hours. However, the free balloon remaining visible from the ground for that length of time.

At this time the object was lost from sight due to a deck of cirrus clouds; the object went behind or into this cloud cover. After approximately ten minutes the object became visible again and appeared slightly to our right and above us; our altitude at that time was approximately 30,000 feet and very close to the base of the cloud deck. The object appeared to be much closer to us than when it was last visible. However, it is impossible to make an estimate of its distance inasmuch as the size of the object was unknown, but appeared to be approximately one half that of a full moon when viewed directly overhead.

The object was of a silvery metallic color with a translucent quality; no change in color or other evidence of color was observed. The shape of the object was sphere-like with prominent indentations or hatches and with the most part while shadow was vertical and appeared to tilt occasionally. The motion was not rapid and any movement was of short duration. There was no visible or apparent means of propulsion.

During the period of this observation, radio contact was established with the 8730th air squadron and a description of the object was given to them, but I was not able to establish my definite position above the ground. The E-36 reported that they were above the cloud layer at 45,000 feet.

The object was again lost from sight due to its going behind or into a cloud. After approximately five minutes the last visual contact for approximately five minutes, the object was again sighted for about 30 seconds in a break in the clouds.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. However, it does contain text from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text output is as follows:

NORTHROP AIRCRAFT, INC.
MEMORANDUM
AVOID VERBAL ORDERS
To: Lt Col.
Subject: Observation of Unidentified Object in the Sky, 18 Apr 1950, Clarendon, Texas, on 18 April 1950
Copies:

between two clouds. After this contact it was necessary that we descend due to depletion of the ship's oxygen supply.

It is estimated that 20 minutes elapsed between the time of first sighting the object and losing sight of it for the second time. During this period a constant easterly heading was maintained while climbing from 20,000 to approximately 30,000 feet altitude at an average indicated airspeed of 160 mph.

Two or three minutes after commencing the descent from 30,000 feet, the B-26 reported that they too were leaving the area due to fuel shortage and that they had been unsuccsful in gaining altitude.

Mr. Lloyd Balaam, who was riding in the gunner's station, is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Mr. Sam F. West is a graduate of the University of California, and for five years was employed in the Radiation Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Both of the above observers are familiar with this type of aircraft and are in agreement with the statements made herein. Further, we all agree that the object sighted was not an airplane, balloon, celestial body, or any other object commonly seen above the earth.

Max Stanley
Engineering Test Pilot

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

The image contains no photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

RESTRICTED
Amalie 10 April 1964   
ATTJI: Deputy Procurement Field Office to GY, AMC, 2-AFPI, ATTN: Register on Observations of an Unidentified Object (ysco) in the Sky.
1st Ind
MCIADA-i/3/7/PCS
TO: Chief, Los Angeles AP Procurement Field Office, Air Material Command, 4130 Washington Blvd., P.O. Box 30419 Terminal Annex, Los Angeles 54, California
1. The report forwarded in the basic letter has been routed to the organization designated in these matters.
2. Due to the nature of the report in question, the information may be downgraded from confidential to restricted.
BY COMMAND OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL CHIDLATE
FRANK L. DUNN
Colonel, USAF 
Asst Chief, Intelligence Department
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a classified government document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads as follows:

Basic air fa Los Angeles AF Procurement Fld Office to CC AMC, T-P AF, ATTN: MCP, "Report on Observation of an Unidentified Object in the Sky"

1st Ind
Hq AMC, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio MAY 25 1950

TO: Chief of Air Staff, Intelligence, Washington 25, D.C.

1. The report forwarded in the basic letter has been routed to the organization interested in these matters.

2. Due to the nature of the question, the information may be down-graded from Confidential to Restricted.

BY COMMAND OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL CHIDLAW:
FRANK F. DUNN
Colonel, USAF
Asst Chief, Intelligence Department

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 7 -

