The image contains a photograph of a UFO sighting, as indicated by the text below the image that describes the object as a "shot near Red Bud, Ill., in 1950". The image shows an oval-shaped object in the sky.

ATIC NO. -----
AP NO. -----
REPORT NO. -----
DATE OF REPORT 19 April 50
LOCATION Lafayette, Ind.
SOURCE Ex-Bomber Pilot
DATE & TIME OF SIGHTING -----
COLOR -----
SHAPE -----
SIZE -----
COURSE -----
NO. IN GROUP -----
SOUND -----
PICTURES SKETCHES
Temporary ATIC Form 329 (2 Jan 52): 
Source claims to have solution to "flying saucer mystery" and also possesses a questionable discharging weapon of unknown capabilities.

- page 1 -

The image contains a photograph of a hovering object in the sky, described as a "semi-sphere" that was reddish in color and the rest of the thing below it. The photograph was taken on April 23, 1950 by a person named Dean Morgan. The text describes the object and the circumstances around the sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

NO CASES (INFORMATION ONLY)
SPECIFIC: Project Blue Book File No. 29
Hurlbut Bldg. Cremes photo--14 Apr 50 23 April 1950
Ref. Doc.: Lafayette, Ind.

The RED BUD, ILLINOIS Photo
(See Front Cover)
By DEAN MORGAN  

Although this photo was taken on April 23, 1950, it has not been published until this date because of the original ridicule to which the photographer was subjected. As FLYING SAUCERS, he has made a print, available to us.  

On April 23, 1950, I was walking along the edge of the woods in the hills where the RED BUD, ILLINOIS is was a hunting club. I was a hunting member since it was up and we were hunting for wildlife and get some wildlife shots. Of course, counting through the brush in broad daylight was no way to get wildlife pictures. I really just wanted to hike a little and take some pictures of any wildlife I might see. As I came down the south side of a hill, the woods broke away into a clearing on a side hill. Standing on a small stonewall was a semi-sphere which was hovering above the ground. It was about thirty feet in diameter and maybe 6 to 8 feet high. It was a reddish in color, and the rest of the thing below it seemed to be clear metallic substance. The object stopped, and hovered motionless, just over the hills. After a few seconds, it again started moving upward. Once more it stopped and hung in mid-air over the hills. Only now did enough shock wear off to permit me to move consciously. I wanted to rush over and get a closer look, but the object moved away from me and over the trees. I quickly caught the object in the viewer, and snapped the shutter. Immediately, the thing took off at a tremendous rate of speed and was out of sight in a flash beyond the horizon.

I wondered about this strange sight and just what I had seen. It seemed to me that perhaps I hadn't really seen anything at all. My arm was trembling so violently that I could hardly keep the camera still to take any more shots.

What do I know about it? Not much, I'm afraid. I can only say that it was about thirty feet in diameter, a semi-sphere in shape, reddish in color, and made of some kind of metallic substance. As for its performance--it hover ed and moved off at a tremendous rate of speed. I simply couldn't believe my eyes. Was it a flying saucer? I don't know, but I do know that I saw something that day that I shall never forget as long as I live.

We was about four chances for sighting of about the same story on that day.  A newboy named Donald Gent saw a round object, hovering, then suddenly shoot off in some deliveries south of town. He stopper before the Greene residence, which was right next to the High school, where I made my sighting.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed text document describing a UFO sighting incident. I have transcribed all the text found in the document as follows:

You don't seem surprised," I said after the conclusion of my account. 
"No," he said, "I live in De Soto, Illinois, and at the time of my sighting it was near my home. From him, the details of the newsboy's sighting I have described. I was greatly edified that this had occurred to me, and I have become just a little interested in the other side of his story than that. My pastor, a man of irreproachable character, had himself been on U.S. Route 51, south of the Carbondale city limits, he had seen the object hovering in the sky for an instant before descending to the trees. In the same manner in which the newsboy and his wife or companion described it as streaking away from De Soto I managed to contact the while newsboy, whose story was as described.
My enthusiasm was revitalized. I had to get my story published. They were rejected by all popular magazines. It was in August, 1957, that I discussion "Saucers" magazines and I realized that here was a publication that was open-minded, to say the very least. However, I was because almost of the things that therein seemed so . . . I hope the faithful will pardon my saying this as strange. 
I'd still I know the flying what I duty-bound to tell today, for I what the public legend is based on an absolute fact, and if that had crime beneath the of be myth, those of us who have access to fact must disclose it.
The photograph was taken from Reillilis, facing south-southeast. The lines in the upper left foreground are utility wires, and the things in the lower right are the tops of trees. The tops of the telephone poles can be seen as the lines wind down the hillside. The "saucer" is hovering, just prior to taking off.
I get a weird, creepy feeling when I look at this picture. My Palmer once said, "What have I seen? An Unidentified Flying Object."

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that describes a sighting of a UFO in 1950 in the Balearic Islands, Spain. The text states that a large flurry of UFO photographs were recorded in 1950, with a photograph taken by a Newsreel cameraman Enrique Hausemann Muller showing a "Pinwheel-shaped object spinning and throwing off rays of exhaust, taken on April 24."

NO CASE (EVALUATION ONLY)
SOURCE: Fawcett

In 1950 a large flurry of UFO photographs were recorded with a photograph by Newsreel cameraman Enrique Hausemann Muller as the Balearic Islands, Spain showing a Pinwheel-shaped object spinning and throwing off rays of exhaust, taken on April 24.

- page 4 -

