The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 24 May 1950 Morning
2. SOURCE: Military
3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Video/Camera
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
6. COURSE: N/A
7. PHOTOS: 20 - Not in File
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 9 Yes, 0 No
9. CONCLUSION: Triangulation could not be effected. Photos of two different objects and triangulation could not be effected. Photos sent to Dr. Menzel at Cambridge, file unaccountable.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report document regarding a UFO test or sighting on May 24, 1950 at Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico.

Text from the document:

1. Following is preliminary information concerning MDC 67th test of 24 May 1950:

a. Reference System:
NAA Line of fire: 19052 30.8" west of North 
X: the down range coordinate along the NAA line of fire
Y: the off range coordinate, positive to the right
Z: the vertical coordinate
M: that plane tangent to the earth's surface through 
the M point (0, 0, 0)

b. Station Locations:
Coordinates of station 8: 13549, 20190, 106
Coordinates of station 10: 43309, 23819, 113

c. Frame rate:
Five frames per second

d. Definitions:
Azimuth Angle: the angle the line of sight when projected into the XY plane makes with the X coordinate axis in a clockwise direction.
Elevation Angle: the acute angle the line of sight makes with the XY plane.

e. Discussion of the 24 May 1950 film.
Station 10 followed an object for seventy-four consecutive frames, during which time the azimuth angle changed uniformly from 58°10'30" to 57°26'30". The elevation angle changed uniformly from 14°32'20" to 14°25'50".

Unfortunately, as station 8 and 10 did not follow the same object, no reduction was possible.

PERRY K. BRYANT
Captain, USAF
Chief, Data Reduction Unit

- page 2 -

There appears to be no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be an old report from Project Blue Book regarding aerial phenomena.

EIRO 00.92/1
21 MAY 50
SUBJECT: Aerial Phenomena
TO: Commanding Officer
AF Cambridge Research Laboratory
Attn: Base Directorate, Geophysical Research
230 Albany St.
Cambridge, Massachusetts
1. Per request of Dr. A.O. Mirarchi, during recent visit to this base, the following information is submitted:
2. Sightings were made on 27 April and 24 May 1950 of aerial phenomena during morning daylight hours at this station. The sightings were made by Lt. Evans, USAF, Research and Development Division, and several members of the theoretical division and theodolites. It has been reported that the objects are sighted in some numbers; at least eight have been visible at one time. The individuals making these sightings are professional observers. In both cases photos were taken with Askania's.
3. The Intelligence Air Materiel Command will supply 27 April pictures and made a report, a copy of which I am enclosing with this film for your information. It was believed that triangulation could be effected from pictures taken on 24 May because sightings were taken from two stations. The films were rapidly processed and examined by Data Reduction. However, it was determined that sightings were made on two different photographs and that triangulation could not be effected. A report from the Reduction Unit analysis of these films from the sighting are enclosed.
4. There is nothing further to report at this time.

Incl 1- Data Red Rpt #1
Incl 2-Data Red Rpt 1/2
Incl #3-Film, F-10, 24 May 50
Incl #4-Film, F-10, 24 May 50 
Incl #5-Film, F-10, 27 Apr 50

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed interview transcript with a Captain discussing his encounter with a UFO on May 29, 1950.

INTERVIEW WITH CAPTAIN
by W. B. Klemperer
(in the presence of Mr. Al Chop of DAC Public Relations)
on February 4, 1955 p.m.
at Mr. [redacted] home,
Palos Verdes, California

1. Captain [redacted] has been a pilot with American Airlines since 1939, for 16 years. He flies all types of commercial airplanes. Presently he is on regional service between Los Angeles and Chicago. He has about 15,000 flight hours accumulated at the rate of approximately 1000 hours per year. He is considered extremely reliable and experienced commercial pilot. (In 15.5 years he flew about between New York and Los Angeles 1225 times. He was in the Air Force war and became personally acquainted with Brig. Gen. William Terry (retired) who was Commanding General of the 20th Air Force in the Pacific in World War II twenties; I know his parents well, and his elder brother was one of my closest friends. I knew him well.) Now Captain [redacted] has traveled a great deal, also flies light airplanes and South America.

2. Captain [redacted] relates from memory, which he still vivid, his experience of an encounter with an UFO on 29 May 1950. He was flying (in the left seat of the DC-6) a 12-6 p.m. The visibility was good only that the weather was haze around Washington Airport at about 9:10 p.m. and was steadily climbing towards a 20,000 level. The Captain was about 42 degrees off Nashville, Tenn. (At about 9:30 p.m. some seven miles west of Mr. Vernon. Okla. some fighter planes took off from Nashville, Tenn. for an unknown destination). Suddenly he shouted: "Watch it, watch it!" and drew his attention to an UFO ahead of them, traveling rapidly towards a 20,000 elevation. It was a brilliant bluish light. To avoid a possible collision they sharply banked and descended to an 11,000 feet position while the object maintained its 20,000 altitude position. During this maneuver the UFO happened to pass between the observers and the upper half of the moon, showing a dark silhouette of a slender hull reminiscent of a submarine's shape though about half the moon's diameter. It in height a fraction of that. The bright bluish light appeared to be at the tail end.

As the object had passed behind their wing the pilots banked the plane to the left and returned towards their old course. Even so, they again discovered the object again through the right window "as though it had circled behind them and come up again after them".

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Interview with Capt. ________

Right again for a better view but the UFO streaked across towards the East behind them. Capt. ___ saw it once more through the pilot's window to the rear as it went off into the distance towards the Atlantic.

Two or three passengers also saw a light pass by and one stewardess "saw something go by".

Capt. ___ reported the observations to the Washington tower by radio but neither the tower personnel nor the Washington radar picked up anything significant to confirm the sighting.

The press heard of the incident through the Washington tower. On the following morning he was interviewed by reporters at his home in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He showed newspaper clippings which he had preserved as an album among photographs. He told no report to the Air Force but answered questions posed by a major who called him at Tulsa.

Much later it was learned that "Hank Myers", later pilot of President Truman's plane, was flying an AAL plane on the same evening and observed a brilliant bluish object between Nashville and Knoxville at such a time that it could well have been the "same object".

3. The possibility that the UFO seen by Capt. ___ and his copilot was a mere trick of light and weather conditions is not believed. Capt. ___ does not believe that the seemingly erratic apparent movement of the object could have been an illusion on the part of themselves or their own aircraft. The observation of the bright light being at what appeared to be the same distance, the sharpness and brilliance of it, and the strange maneuvers it performed, all indicated that it was a solid object.

The observation of the bright light being at what appeared to be the same distance, the sharpness and brilliance of it, and the strange maneuvers it performed, all indicated that it was a solid object. It is assumed that the luminous area was much larger than the cross-section of the body.

NOTE: According to the Almanac the moon was full on May 30, 1950. WBM

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, describing a saucer incident that occurred in Denver, Colorado in 1950.

NO CASE INFORMATION GIVEN: "Kennard World El.—Lying Saucers"
SUMMARY: 1950 Denver, Colorado
A saucer incident that might have become a classic occurred in Denver at 10 A.M. on a summer's day in 1950. A man was sitting on the shady porch of his house, reading, when he glanced up from his book and saw a formation of perhaps a dozen spherical objects, shining iridescently, traveling toward the distant mountains. As he watched, these in the front of the procession seemed to vanish and then reappear, as if they were traveling at fantastic speed, covering the thirty or so miles to the mountains in a matter of five or six seconds. Too stunned to take action, he was still numb from shock when he heard a faint "Hello," and looked up—to realize that the little girl across the street was blowing soap bubbles. If the man had rushed up when he first saw the objects and had rushed into the house to telephone the nearest saucer club, he might never have found out that the "spaceship" were only bubbles [sic].

- page 6 -

