There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book. The text in the document has been redacted or obscured, but the redaction appears to be handwritten in addition to the typed text.

REPORT
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
CASE NO. 9614875 - HOLLOMAN AFB, N. M.
9 APRIL 1950

(Redacted text)

(Redacted text)

(Redacted text)

Objects actually tracked RADAR
(Redacted text)

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document. There does not appear to be any photograph present on this page.

EHO 00.92/1
31 May 50
JUL 13 1950
SUBJECT: Aerial Phenomena
TO: Commanding Officer
AF Cambridge Research Laboratory
Attn: Base Directorate, Geophysical Research
230 Albany St.,
Cambridge, Massachusetts
1. Per request of DR. A. O. Mirarchi, during recent visit to this base, the following information is submitted:
2. Sightings were made on 27 April and 24 May 1950, of aerial phenomena during morning daylight hours at this station. The sightings were made by irregular personnel while engaged in tracking regular projects with Askania Photoreodolites. It has been reported that the objects are sighted many times daily.
The individuals making these sightings are professional observers. Therefore I would rate their reliability superior. In both cases photos were taken with Askania's.
3. The Holloman AF Base Data Reduction Unit analyzed the 27 April sightings and made a report, a copy of which I am enclosing with the film for your information. It was believed that triangulation could be effected from Data Reduction data to structures made on two different stations. The films were rapidly processed and examined by Data Reduction. However, it was determined that sightings were made on two different objects and triangulation could not be effected. A report from Data Reduction and the films from the sightings are enclosed.
4. There is nothing further to report at this time.
Incl:
Incl 1: 4-Data Red Rpt #1
Incl 2: 1/2-Data Red Report #2
Incl 3: Film, F-10, 24 May 50
Incl 4: Film, F-10, 27 Apr 50
Incl 5: 4-Map of HAPS Range

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document regarding objects observed following an MX 776A test on April 27, 1950. The document does not contain any photographs, but rather describes the observations in text form.

Objects observed following MX 776A test of 27 April 1950
1. According to conversation between Col. Baynes and Capt. Bryant, the following information is submitted directly to Lt. Albert.
2. Film from station P10 was read, resulting in azimuth and elevation angles being recorded on four objects. In addition, size or image on film was recorded.
3. From this information, together with a single azimuth angle from station MF, the following conditions were drawn:
a. The objects were at an altitude of approximately 150,000 feet.
b. The objects were over the Holloman range between the base and Tularosa Peak.
c. The objects were approximately 30 feet in diameter.
d. The objects were traveling at an undeterminable, yet high speed.

WILBUR L. MITCHELL
Mathematician
Data Reduction Unit

The text has been transcribed verbatim from the document.

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The object appears as a dark, elongated shape against the light background.

FLYING SAUCER INFORMATION

TO: C. G. S.
HQ.
A.F.C.
WASHINGTON, D.C.

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document.

March 11, 1958
Captain Vallce C. Karley, USAF
Production Branch
Audio-Visual Division, OASD(PA) 
Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Captain Karley:

Thank you for your cordial and informative communication of 28 February. Your continued cooperation - and patience - is appreciated.

I shall keep in touch with your office as the script for my projected documentary progress. However, the narrative with gradually develop the story for the production is successfully screened, edited and filed. Therfore, which of this script will depend probably on what film is available, including the stock footage to be made available by the Department of the Air Force.

Do you can see that I am in a rather nebulous position at the moment? But I am certain that I really resolve everything. I shall wonder if you would be kind enough to tell me just what the purphose or product in mind?

There is another point that I wish you would clarify. With reference to my inquiries about the availability of your position pictures of UFO's reportedly in the possession of the Air Force, I understand that the requester has been chocked by the Department of the Air Force and that there is no project of the exhibitions.

This reply has a bit mystified. One of the films about which I inquired was allegedly taken by Airdozen AFB, Calif., on 31 May, 1957, and I have a letter from Major Roberts, USAF, describing it. There is another film taken near Wright-Patterson AFD on 20 August, 1952, which was reproduced in the magazine by Rand Coporation, LOOK, in May, 1955. According to the description, the film depicts a series of unidentified flying objects being tracked by the Air Force.

As to the gun-camera shot near Wright-Patterson AFB on 20 August, 1952, I understand the persons who took the quote filmed the action was described "watched by the Assistant Chief of Project Blue Book." And the persons who had or knew about four strips of film that fell into the hands of the "unknowns" (which had been taken at White Sands, proving ground in April and May of 1950) made trips as described in relation to described in relation to this footage.

I shall be white and Review on 5 December, 1955.

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no visible photograph in this image.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

Dear Mr. Miller:

Captain Marley has requested that we answer your letter of 11 March 1953, since I am the individual to whom your request is in our area of responsibility.

First, regarding your request for color motion picture film of the Holloman Air Force Base sightings, I should like to point out that the Air Force does not possess any color motion picture film of these sightings. The only film that was taken was in black and white and consisted of a single frame motion picture and television kinescope frames. No continuous motion picture was taken.

Secondly, the motion picture frame and television kinescope frames have been very carefully studied by the United States Air Force and other agencies. An evaluation of these films indicates that they were taken of real objects and not of any trick photography or any other means of production. This indicates that the sightings were genuine, and the objects in question were of a nature that merited continued observation.

I should caution you, however, that good motion picture footage of unidentified flying objects is very difficult to obtain. As was pointed out in my letter of 16 October 1952, the observational conditions must be ideal and the cameraman highly skilled in order to secure satisfactory films of such objects. The small piece of film that resulted from the Holloman sightings provides only fragmentary evidence and would not be sufficient for sound conclusions on its own.

If you will re-read your letter, dated 11 March 1953, you will find that there is no mention of motion pictures or kinescopes. I should cite the Howard's incident, as it appears you requested information on that case. However, factual accuracy was made known to you that this was not confirmed by the Department of Defense.

Sincerely,
L.A. DEDGER J. TACKER 
Lt.Jg., USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

- page 6 -

