The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a project blue book record, displaying a form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 16 October 1950 
2. LOCATION New Orleans, Louisiana
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 1/2 Hour
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Sighting
7. COURSE Varied
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 0 Yes 
10. 30 No
CONCLUSION Insufficient Data
No information as to date, time, direction, or time-motion sequence of object included in source. Observed for two hours. Object sighted in northerly direction. Seen more than a mile away. Object stationary. No pattern or formation. Not on ground. Not on or departing from airport. Form hospital - No check on validity of sighting. Not stated if day or night.

- page 1 -

I don't see any photographs in this image. The text appears to be a declassified intelligence report from Project Blue Book, describing a UFO sighting in Jonessville, Louisiana on November 5, 1950.

UNCLASSIFIED

Spot Intelligence Report, DO #T, 7 Nov 50, subj: Reported Unconventional Aircraft.
(1) From the hospital: They were more than a mile distant, but "not extremely high".
(2) Number of objects: Visual from a window of Headquarters approximately 2 to 3 hours.
(3) Description: Twelve (12) shiny, apparently metallic, disc-shaped objects with round bodies and short wings. Objects were noiseless and left no visible exhaust trails. They appeared to be constantly spinning.
(4) Advised that she has flown as a passenger on private airplanes many times.
(5) No physical evidence was obtainable. No meteorological conditions were reported which could have accounted for this sighting.

The Shreveport Times of 7 November 1950 carried the following account of "flying discs" reportedly sighted by members of a family of Jonessville, Louisiana, on 5 November 1950:

"Jonessville, Nov 5 (Special) - 'Flying saucers' made their first reported appearance over Catahoula Parish Sunday - as the little River town of Jonessville.

"About 1:45 p.m. Judy Pelt, the family cook, was on her way home after washing the dinner dishes. She rushed back into the Peyton house shouting: 'There's a plane coming and it's just hovering right out there in the broad open daylight. They're hovering right out there over the trees.'

"Six members of the Peyton family rushed outside to see. As they watched, the 'saucer' went up to the northeast. There were 'six or eight' of them, so bright and shiny we couldn't tell anything about its shape or size."

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 Y 2 M.G.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT: Incident Reports, DO #5, 7 Nov 50, subj: Reports of Unconventional Aircraft.

It stated he got a glimpse of the object, as it was falling plainly what it did should of the object and how it disappear. The object did not hurry. It took its time and disappeared from sight in about five minutes.
At the last, he tell appeared to be red and then bluish.
They seem to look declare that the object were two of then things ever any the tranter shed and they were long and round like a cigar*

The New Orleans Stab - on 10 October 1950, carried the following reports of the observations made by the d. It wasn't shaped like a star and it was moving. It made no noise whatever. The slow-flying object had no wings and made "no noise whatever." It was blinking like a star. From where we were standing,
It appeared to be 20 to 30 degrees from where we were standing. He said they watched the object for about five minutes and observed it closely. He didn't say which way it was moving. It seemed to be moving in a northeastern to southwesterly direction. It seemed to disappear quite suddenly. He said it was moving at tremendous speed."

The following letter was printed in the New Orleans Times Picayune, of 19 October 1950: 
"Please" - The Time-Picayune did read again this morning of those two pilots who did not believe in "flying saucers" but who actually saw them and how believe."
"Some time ago a soldier in Arizona said he saw a rocket ship, which you can't see, and that soldier "that he wasn't seeing things because I believe I saw it too."
"Won that I had a shiny object in 1947 - I was down on a lake shrimpiny. It was just before sundown. The thing came up and buck on the top of the seawalls when I had the feeling that somebody was staring at me. Well, I turned my head and looked around me, but nobody was looking at me."
"All of a sudden I looked up at the sky and there was this object. It looked to me, at the moment like a big rocket. I kept my eyes on it and called to the others to look at it, but all of a sudden it made a Puff - of flame and smoke and went out of sight. It traveled a little way with the first, but with the second puff it was gone."

DOWNGRADED TO UNCLASSIFIED
DECLASSIFID AUG 15 1973 
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. 

AIR INTELLIGENCE REPORT. DO #9, 7 NOV 60, SUBJ: REPORTS OF UNCOVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT

"I have kept quiet about it all this time, but now I feel I must make and tell you about it." Signed

1. The New Orleans Item of 17 October 1950, editorially speculated concerning the sighting on the preceding Sunday, of four "silver and shiny spheres" by "several persons" in the New Orleans area. This was concluded by Commander USSI, and it is possible that the three groups of experts observing the Air Force which claim the sighted object was not an Air Force or a Naval missile are borne out by this official statement in the press by a USS Missile Expert, and concluding that these sightings have been due to errors and mistaken identity of actual and authorized US Air Force missile tests and that no so-called "flying saucers" are involved.

2. ACTION: None contemplated by this headquarters.

JOHN C. MELANSON 
Lt Colonel, USAF
District Commander

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED 

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph contained within this document. The image is a scanned page of a Project Blue Book report documenting reports of unidentified flying objects sighted in Louisiana on October 10, 1950.

SYNOPSIS: Recent reports of sightings of unconventional aircraft in Louisiana area, as follows:

a. Simultaneous sightings by weather and some residents of New Orleans, on 10 October 1950, of a noiseless, bright object at a great altitude.

b. Twelve (12) bright, round, diving and spinning objects seen from a window in New Orleans, on 15 or 16 October 1950.

c. The interrogation of two (2) Sighted in Jonesville, Louisiana, on 8 November 1950, is a special report from Jonesville, described hovering objects seen by members of a family on 6 November 1950.

A letter to the Editor of The Times Picayune, New Orleans, Louisiana, on 19 October 1950, described the sightings.

DETAILS:
The citizens of New Orleans, Louisiana, were both interested and disturbed by a special Agent of the U.S. Agriculture area. - New Orleans, Louisiana, were interviewed on 17 October 1950. Information with the office of special Investigations, on 17 October 1950, respectively, and reported, simultaneously, the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

(1) Time: 0715 hours, 10 October 1950. Object was under observation from five (5) to ten (10) minutes.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old Project Blue Book report about unidentified flying objects observed near New Orleans, Louisiana on October 10, 1950.

UNCLASSIFIED
Spot Intelligence Report, DO #9, 7 Nov 50, subj: Report of Unconventional Aircraft

(a) Location: Observers were in the neighborhood of the Charity Hospital, New Orleans. The observation was first seen at an azimuth of approximately 45 degrees True and was traveling in a northerly direction. The observers estimated that the object was flying at an altitude of at least one (1) mile.

(b) Manner of Observation: Visual from the ground.

(c) Weather Conditions: Bright sun, no clouds.

(d) Description of Object:
(a) According to the observers, the object was pipe and sharp in appearance, 20 feet by 5 to 6 inches.
(b) According to the observers, it was shaped like the side view of a saucer, 30 to 40 feet long and 5 to 6 feet thick.
(c) Object glowed bright with a whitish-blue light. Both observers claimed that the object appeared to glow for about 2-3 minutes. It was reported that the object was composed of a bright light. It was noted that the object was glittering like facets on a diamond. The object made no noise and left no visible exhaust. No evidence of speed was made. The object faded in the distance until it was 1 minute out of sight. Both observers were in sufficient agreement as to the description of the object that they were confident in their observation.

(e) No meteorological condition was indicated which might account for the sighting. No physical evidence was obtained.

(f) The observers stated that the object was in military service and familiar with the appearance of normal aircraft. Mrs. , New Orleans, on 11 October 1950, reported unidentified flying objects seen by her as follows:

(1) Time: 10 or 11 October 1950 (hour unknown).
(2) Location of Observers: Charity Hospital, New Orleans, Louisiana. Objects sighted in a northerly direction.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
200 DIS 200-10

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be an old Project Blue Book UFO report from New Orleans, Louisiana dated October 9, 1950.

UNCLASSIFIED
Spot Intelligence Report: DO 18, 7 Nov 50, subj: Reported an errantial light
From the hospital, they were more than a mile distant
(a) Manner of observation: Visual from a window of hospital; observed for approx. two (2) hours
(c) Behavior of object(s): Traveling erratic flight, occasionally stopped and drifted downward, describing spiral flights. Diving spiringly, objections with round bodies and short wings. Objects were indistinct and left no visible exhaust trails. They appeared to be constantly illuminated. The outline of formation was maintained, but the individual objects were not clearly delineated
(e) METEOROLOGICAL: advised that the has no information as a passenger on private airplanes many times
(e) He physical evidence was obtainable. He observed conditions were reported which could have accounted for this sighting.

Following account of a "flying discs" reportedly sighted by members of a family of Jonesville. 
"Jonesville, Nov 6 (Special) - "Flying saucers" made their first reported appearance over Cottondale Sunday at the Little River farm of C.S. Peyton and his family.

"About 1:45 p.m. Judy Peyton, the family cook, was on her way home after washing the dinner dishes. She rushed back into the Peyton house and told the family there was a 'flight of flying saucers' out there over the tree tops. They're hovering right out there over the tree tops."

"Six members of the Peyton family rushed outside to see the saucers, which by that time had risen to a considerable height above the ground. They watched the objects for some twenty minutes, but they couldn't tell anything about the shape or size".

"As they watched, he said, the saucers went up to the northwest. There were twin exhausts, such as could be made by jet planes, but the saucers did not stay parallel, he said."

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS: 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS  
DOI: DEC 2000

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image in the provided document. The document appears to be a typed intelligence report discussing reports of unconventional phenomena.

UNCLASSIFIED
Peyton said he saw a pocket telescope and watched the saucer but could never see plainly what was inside of the saucer. The object did not hurry. It took about five minutes to appear and disappear from sight in about five minutes.
The Payton device cook declared that there were two of them things over the tractor shed and they were long and round.
On 10 October 1950, the New Orleans Station carried the following report: "the witnesses reported they saw a saucer-like object." The witnesses were gathered. One witness that was shaped like a thin wafer new up; they saw no wings and made no noise whatsoever.
The following letter was printed in the New Orleans Times Picayune, of 19 October 1950:
"Matter, the Times-Picayune stated again this morning that two objects were told it didn't believe what they said."
"Some time ago a soldier in Arizona said he saw a rocket ship, which you can tell that he wasn't seeing things because I believe I saw it too."
"You gas is this may way. It back in 1947 we were out on the lake shrimp out. It was just before sundown as we were jig, set back on the sand bank. When I had the feeling that somebody was staring at me. I turned my head and looked around me - but nobody was looking at me. 
"All of a sudden I looked up at the sky and there was this object. It looked to me, at the moment to be about the size of a big rock. I kept my eyes on it, but all of a sudden it made two puffs of flame and was gone. It traveled a little way with the first puff, but with the second puff it was gone."

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old classified report from Project Blue Book, which appears to discuss reports of unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED CONFIDENTIAL
Spot Intelligence Report, DO #9, 7 Nov 50, subj: Reports of Unconventional Aircraft
How 7 have kept quiet about it all this time, but MISS ... must notify and tell you about it. Spend...
1. The New Orleans Item of 17 October 1950, editorially, speculated concerning the sighting on the preceding Sunday, of four "saucer" formations by WILLIAM PARDSLEY, the editorial commented on the probability that the Air Force had kept such sightings quiet.
2. Comment is possible that these sightings could have been mistaken about seeing them. The Air Force which claims that most UFOs have some simple, earthly explanation, was said to have denied that these sightings occurred. We hesitate to call the Air Force investigators hiatus
3. ACTION: None contemplated by this headquarters.
JOHN C. MOLODONY
Lt Colonel, USAF
District Commander

Copies furnished:
CG, ADO, ATIRC, MCRS
(in duplicate)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a document related to Project 10073 Record. The document appears to be an observation report from New Orleans, Louisiana, and describes an encounter with a "peculiar" object that was evaluated as a balloon observation.

The text in the document reads as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
DATE - TIME GROUP: October 50 10/31/51
LOCATION: New Orleans, Louisiana
10. CONCLUSION: BALLOON
Evaluated as a balloon observation.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object sighted with a whitish-blue light. Both observers saw "peculiar" spots before their eyes for one to two minutes after sighting the object. Observer reported that the object was composed of bright lights which flashed like facets on a diamond. The object made no noise and left no visible exhaust trail. No estimate of speed was made. The object faded in the distance and then disappeared.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Based on the text in the document, the key details are as follows:

SUBJECT: Reports of Unconventional Aircraft
TO: Director of Special Investigations, Headquarters United States Air Force, Washington 25, D.C.

1. SYNOPSIS: Recent reports of sightings of unconventional aircraft in Louisiana area, briefly, as follows:
- New Orleans, Louisiana: A simultaneous sighting by father and son, residents of New Orleans, on 10 October 1950, of a "great altitude".
- Twelve (12) bright, round, diving and spinning objects seen from a window in New Orleans, on 10 or 11 October 1950.
- The Shreveport Times of 7 November 1950, in a special report, described an unidentified object seen by members of a farmer's family on 6 November 1950.
- A letter to the letter to the Times-Picayune, New Orleans, Louisiana, on 19 October 1950, described the sighting of "a flying saucer" in 1947. The New Orleans Item, also on 17 October 1950, particularly commented about "flying saucers" observed by two (2) Eastern Airlines, Inc. pilots on the preceding Sunday, last February.

2. DETAILS: Identities of the individuals involved, their exact locations, and the duration of observations are submitted by the witnesses.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

Sept Intelligence Report, DO 50, 9 Nov 50, subj: Report of Unconfirmed Aircraft

(2) Location: Observers were in the neighborhood of the suburban portion of New Orleans, Louisiana. Observation was first seen at an azimuth of approximately 55 degrees True and traveling in a northerly direction. 

(3) Manner of Observation: Visual from the ground.

(4) Weather Conditions: Bright sun, no clouds.

(5) Description of Objects:
(a) According to observers, size and shape of a joint or stove pipe, 20 feet by 3 to 4 inches.
(b) According to viewers, shaped like the side view of a slender, 50 to 40 feet long and 3 to 4 feet thick.
(c) Object glowed bright with a whitish-blue light. Both observers saw "peculiar" spots before their eyes for some minutes after sighting at the object.
It was reported that the object was composed of a bright light which flickered like neon lights or a visible exhaust trail. No estimate of speed was made. The object faded in the distance until it was a minute speck of light and then disappeared - not below the horizon, but rather gradually dimmed out, according to the appearance of normal aircraft.

(6) No meteorological condition was indicated which might account for the sighting. Physical evidence was obtained.

(7) Witness advised that he has been in military service and is familiar with the appearance of normal aircraft.

New Orleans, Louisiana, on 12 October 1950, reported unidentified flying objects seen by her as follows:

(1) Time: 10 or 11 October 1950 (hour unknown).
(2) Location of Observers: Charity Hospital, New Orleans, Louisiana. Objects circled in a northerly direction.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 12 -

