The image appears to contain a photograph or drawing of an unidentified flying object (UFO) that is described in the text below the image. The text describes the sighting as an "Explosion" and mentions that several observers reported seeing a loud explosion which shook several buildings. The text also mentions that the opinion seems to be that "it was a meteorite". There does not appear to be any discernible human face or figure in the image.

TEXT OCR:
DATE OF 15:20 Sep 1952
PLACE: RIV DE L'OUESTRICll
TYPE OF OLSEIMIATION: POINT 
TIME: 15:22
DURATION: 6: sec 
NO. IN GROUP:
SOUND: Explosion
PHYSICAL Characteristics: ROCKET: APP ATY ATIC Form 3 
(9 Jan 53)
Peport of residents being awakened by a loud explosion which shook several buildings. Witnesses reported seeing a bright flash before sound arrived. Opinion seems to be that it was a meteorite.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

1. The image of the unidentified object is not sharply defined. This blurred appearance may have been caused by camera movement, subject movement or other causes not evidenced because the image of the branches in the foreground are not blurred. This movement may have prohibited the image of the object as a result of a high speed operation of the film indicating that this could have been caused by the object being in rapid movement.
2. The report states that the object was shiny and attracted the attention of the observers. Apparently indicating that the object was brighter than the surrounding sky area. The report also states the underside of the so-called "disc" should be of greater density at the top and of lesser density at the bottom than the surrounding sky, However, this is not indicated in the photograph of the unidentified object.
3. The photographic technique displayed by this negative is poor. The negative is light struck or fogged by extraneous light probably caused by light leaks in the camera or our film holder. (Exhibit 1, arrow 1) At the end of the negative opposite the coding edge, the edge of the film which is covered by the holding members is fogged indicating the film was fogged during development. The photograph itself shows good definition indicating the film was not damaged in this manner. The low density areas or the negative or pockmarks seen with numerous blotchy stains which may have been caused by contamination during processing. (Exhibit 1, arrow 3) The image may have been caused by foreign material in the developing solution which adhered to the film and locally retarded development. Such foreign material may have been a piece of paper from a filtering medium.
4. Because of the reasons stated in paragraphs 1, 2, and 3, it is not possible to confirm this negative as being a photograph of an unconventional type of aircraft nor is it possible to confirm that the image on the negative was formed photographically by the camera.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
BASIC INFO: LT COL. F. M. PAYNE, TECH INS WF, LAURY AFB, COLO TO CG AMC, 29 NOV 50,
SUBJECT: REPORTING OF INFO ON UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT

1st IND 
MCIXIA-13/JJR/pg
JAN 3 1951

TO: Director of Intelligence, ATTN: AFOIC-CC-1, Headquarters US AF,
Washington 25, D. C.

1. Attached for your information is a copy of an analysis of the
attached photograph made by photographic analysts at this Command.
It is unfortunate that the quality of exhibits submitted as
being photographs of unconventional aircraft are of such notably poor
quality.

2. In addition, it is reasonable to assume that:
a. There have been many types of phenomena if we went to the trouble of making the
pictures. However, based on the facts presented, it is evident that no
definite conclusions can be drawn.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

HAROLD E. WATSON
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Department 

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Produced text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

1. Identification of object:
REPORT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

2. Witnesses: Lt. Richard C. Gammier, Colorado Springs Filter Center, Colorado Springs, Colorado.

3. Time and date of observation: 1600 - 1700, 5 October 1950.

SUMMARY: (See attached copy of report. Summarized in the following paragraph. Indicate in the report where there is a difference in the version submitted by the witness.) 

General's comment: This appears to be a completely and unaccounted for aerial object which was clearly observed. The nature of the maneuver performed by the object indicates that it was under intelligent control. No conclusion has been reached as yet as to the identity of the object.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document from the Project Blue Book UFO report.

Transcribing the text:

Taken 2:30 PM at 25 1956, Bremerton, Wash ape
GOOOGLE Silt. Graw 
3hx4h" Camera
6hite speea t green film
Saw object first look like snow ball on fire, 
Going fast, sourd like airplane getting near, 
Then Dome shape like hull a ship, getting smaller, 
Going out of sight same direction. (Film speed 200)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS 
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the image states:

"2 ONLY 8 X 10 GLOSSY PHOTOGRAPHS AND THE 3 X 4 NEGATIVE OF THE UFO SIGHTED AT GENESEE MOUNTAIN, COLORADO

UNCLASSIFIED"

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

Evaluated as a light-source
Power processing
to
acting to mag
Submitted as a
Big Colonel

28 October 1950
2 Pan
General Mountain
Colorado

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s.

UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED
PHOTOGRAPHED 1 YEAR INTERVAL DECLASSIFIED 1 YEAR UNCLASSIFIED DEC. 10 1952

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Text extracted from the document:

AF 2594-52
Report No.: R-646-50
Country: Northern Rhodesia
I.D. No.: 75/501
Description: Meteorite in Northern Rhodesia May Have Been Meteorite
From: OARHA, Ethiopia
Destination: C-2
Date of Information: October 1950
Date of Report: 15 Nov 50
Prepared By: Leo J. Query, Lt Col.
Source: East African Standard Newspaper

Residents in the Mazabuka district were awakened at 4:15 a.m. on Thursday morning by a loud explosion which shook several buildings. At first it was feared that a dynamite truck in the railway goods yard had exploded, but a thorough search of the area revealed that no trace was found of anything which could explain the explosion. Reports were received from several Africans, said that the explosion was heard in a radius of 50 miles and that it lasted about 10 seconds and the noise was heard at Kafue, fifty miles away.

An official at the meteorological station said that it may have been a large meteorite which disintegrated before reaching the ground. There may have been many instances of meteorites breaking up in flight and leaving no trace. Meteorites vary in size and the after variety/velocity fallen noted in diameter as a table 6 in. can be heard up to a radius of over 50 miles that the explosion was in fact caused by a meteorite of fairly substantial size.

file 5010.7

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

THE FOREIGN SERVICE
OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
UNCLASSIFIED
L-209-50
350.05

SUBJECT: Information on Unconventional Aircraft.
TO: Commanding General Air Materiel Command.
ATTN: A.C.A.S.
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio.

1. In accordance with the instructions contained in AFCJG-CC-1, Confidential Letter Headquarters U.S.A.F., dated 8 September 1950, subject as above is submitted.

2. A circular object estimated to have been slightly larger than a DC-3 airplane, cylindrically shaped, and climinimg color with a cone shaped blue flame protruding from the rear for a distance of from 8 to 15 times the diameter of the object. The flame was described as similar to the flame from an acetylene torch, and having a reddish tint on the outer border of the flame.

3. This object was sighted by Mr. A.S. Gibian, who was at that time a Consultant to the Cuban Engineering Corporation, living in Camaguey Province (Central Cuba), with Mr. Rodriquez Lozama, and other Cuban engineers. All four of these reliable men saw the object disappearing in a southeast direction, making a sound (louder than speed of sound) and disappeared in a cloud of smoke. The object was estimated by the observers to be circular in shape, with a diameter of approximately 70 to 80 feet. The time of sighting was 20:52 hours on 31 October 1950.

4. The observers were of the opinion that the object was not a meteor because of the fact that it was traveling horizontally.

5. There is attached (4) copies of the English translation of a signed statement made by the four observers.

COMMENT: I have known Mr. A.S. Gibian for approximately 6 years. He was a graduate of M.I.T. and a consulting engineer related to Cuban mining projects. DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

L-209-50, 350.05(3)8b. Information on Unconventional Aircraft, 8 Nov.1950.
He is a close friend of Lt. [REDACTED] and is thoroughly reliable. I talked personally with Mr. [REDACTED] and there is no doubt in my mind but that these men saw the object as described.
[SIGNATURE]
MAJ E. GLENN
325 DIST. SAFETY, USAF
COC: Director of Intelligence, USAF
Lt Gen. Capt K. Genter

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation into UFO sightings.

TRANSLATION

On 21 October, 3:35 p.m., a Bonanza GUN 275, piloted by Mr. A, Pilot, and Engineer, was flying westward over the Province of Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately at 5500' altitude and compass direction of 120° coming from Central Andrea. This pilot, who is also a Bonanza GUN 275, and Engineers Jr., were observing an object in the direction of Northeast approximately 20 miles west of Central Andrea. The object was only sighted at a maximum glance highly polished. The object was first sighted toward the back of the ship, 3-5 the size of the wing tip. This wing tip was determined to be 8-9' on the compass and approximately at 5-6' altitude of 7000' at a distance of about 1/3 mile. The notable features mentioned by this flying disk was that of a direct line, horizontally, during all the time we could observe same, which had a spot 1 second corporately, for the time we saw, same direction as 1 second. During this observation we figured that the object had an addition of approximately 7000', We claim this estimated that if our sighting figures were more or less correct that the disk seemed to have's diameter of approximately 70 to 80' the figures were based on the above mentioned distance expressed at 10 miles. The impression received was that the object was stationary or slightly reducing in altitude. The disk did not present around the outline of any light sources, except that from the rear end of same there was an intense blue-colored flame that was coming out with a reddish-brown color of the flame, such as is found in an acetylene torch like the ones used to cut metal with. It had a trail a length of approximate 15 to 10 times the diameter of the disk. The speed, calculated at about over one thousand miles per hour.

None of the occupants of the plane, all engineers, nor the Pilot, could determine whether this object was a meteor although the course described by the object makes it doubtful of this possibility.

The facts were reported immediately by radio by the Pilot to the control tower of the Comspegy airport.

STOPPED!

- page 12 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document. The text in the document appears to be in Spanish and describes details of a reported UFO sighting.

The text reads as follows:

"Encontrandose a 25 minutos de las 15 horas del dia 7 de octubre de 1950, mientras efectuaban un vuelo de navegacion a altitud de 4,500 metros, en las inmediaciones del Aeropuerto de Camagüey, los pilotos Sres. A y T, ambos aviador y reportaron a los oficlnal de Breveguientes: Se observo tambien a la izquierda de la aeronave, pero a una distancia (de 12 a 15 segundos de vuelo), un disoo luminoso de aproximadamente 1 metro de diametro que desaparecio rapidamente distras de esa aeronave, segun informes hasta 800 metros de altura.
La impression recibida fue que un DC-3, el disco no presentaba sus bordes brillantes ni superior ni inferior y se movio en forma concentrica y de oscurescencia de forma conica y de unos 5 a 10 veoes el largo del diametro. Ninguno de los ocupantes del avion, ingenieros o no de un aeroclub, pudieron determinar si se trataba de un objeto conocido, pues la eyectoria descrita por dicha posibilidad.
Estos hechos fueron reportados por radio de imediato por el piloto a la torre de control del aeropuerto."

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing an Office Memorandum from the United States Government.

Text extracted from the document:

OFFICE MEMORANDUM
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO : Mr. Rogers, MCIAXA
FROM : Mr. Guy B. Kidwell II
SUBJECT: Evaluation of Photographic Negative

1. A photographic negative of an unidentified object observed from a conventional aircraft was thoroughly examined. Several characteristics of this negative are discussed.

2. The image of the unidentified object is not sharply defined. This blurred appearance may have been caused by camera movement, subject movement or the object movement is not evidenced because the image of the branches in the foreground are not blurred. Subject movement is not pronounced thus the blurred appearance of the object indicates a probable distance and size of the object. The animation of the film indicates that a standard Graphic or Graflex cut film holder was used. Approximately 1/1000 of a second. The depth of field of this photograph extends from the vegetation in the foreground to the mountains in the background. Therefore, any object between these two points would be focused critically by the lens. The blurred appearance of the object would indicate that the object was closer to the camera than the vegetation in the foreground.

3. The report states that the object was shiny and attracted the attention of the observer. Characteristics indicate the object was brighter than the surrounding sky area. The report also states that the underside of the aircraft was in shadow. From these conditions it should be of greater density at the top and less density at the bottom than the surrounding sky. There is an indication of greater density in the underside than that of the surrounding sky area.

4. The photographic technique displayed by this negative is poor. The negative is light struck or fogged by extraneous light, probably was caused by light leaks in the camera or cut film holder. At the end of the negative opposite the coding notches is the edge of the film which is evidenced by the notching edge of the film which is fogged indicating the surface of the negative has been touched. The surface of the negative is pock-marked with numerous blemishes which may have been caused by contaminated processing (Exhibit 1, arrow 3). The image may have been caused by foreign material in the developing solutions which adhered to the surface of the film and locally retarding development. Such foreign material may have been a piece of paper from a film pack.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

5. Because of the reason stated in paragraph 2, it is not possible to confirm this report as being a legitimate photographic image on the object described. It is unfortunate that the majority of such submitted data consist of photographs of an unconventional nature that are formed photographically by the camera. It is submitted as being photographs of unconventional type of objects, but it is of such notably poor quality that they offer practically no basis for technical evaluation.

2 Incl:
1. Exhibit No. 1 (3 gys) 
2. Exhibit No. 2 (3 gys)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 - - -..RS.
DOD DIR 5200.10 

UNCLA SSIF.1ED

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in the image. The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE
AND
3415TH TECHNICAL TRAINING WING
DENVER, COLORADO
OFFICE OF THE WING INTELLIGENCE OFFICER

OCO-9                                     29 November 1950

SUBJECT: Reporting of Information on Unconventional Aircraft

TO:    Commanding General
       Air Material Command
       Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
       Dayton, Ohio
ATTN:  MCIIC

       In accordance with letter, Hq. USAF, AFOIN-CC-1, 8 September 1950, subject as above, Air Intelligence Information Report No. LAPB OOO-94 is inclosed herewith.

1 Incl:
AF Form 112 (1)      JOB SCHILLIGO
                     Captain, USAF
                     Wing Intelligence Officer

Info Copies:
Commanding General
Air Training Command
(Attention: AC/S Operations)
Director of Intelligence
Scott Air Force Base, Ill.

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

ADDRESS REPLY TO COMMANDING GENERAL NOT TO INDIVIDUALS

- page 16 -

