There is no photograph present on this page. Below is the extracted text from the document:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
31 July 50 0205Z/01

LOCATION
St John's, Newfoundland

3. SOURCE
X Military 

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
West

8. PHOTOS
O Yes
X No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
O Yes
XX No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (METEOR)
Evaluated as a meteor observation.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was travelling very fast. It moved in a straight line and I watched it for about 10 seconds. It was dark and all I could see was the light portion. It appeared as a small round light, very bright, but made no reflection on the clouds. No sound. Object broke into two distinct pieces and each became a dull colored light, then they disappeared. When it broke, the pieces kept going for a short distance on the level before they dropped slightly and went out without leaving sparks or any other visible trace.

FORM
FTD SEP 63-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.
```

- page 1 -

This page does not contain any photographs. 

Here is the OCR-produced text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATION

18 August 1950

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft sighted in vicinity St. John’s Newfoundland, 31 July 1950 by ____

TO   Commander 
Military Air Transport Service
Washington 25, D. C.
ATTN: Office of Special Investigation

1. Synopsis:

Shortly after 2200 hours' on 31 July 1950 an unidentifiable object was sighted travelling in a westerly direction over the vicinity of St. John's, Newfoundland. No details of the object were visible and it appeared as a bright greenish light under the overcast. It seemed to break into two distinct pieces each of which became a dull colored light and then to disappear.

2. Details:

____ MACS Pepperrell Air Force Base was questioned, and stated that at 2205 hours 31 July 1950, I was in front of Building 805 driving Southwest along the roadway on Pepperrell AFB. At the intersection of Smelling Avenue and Cabot Avenue. He turned East and as he turned we looked South and saw a moving green light under the overcast. I stopped the car and saw the object going from east to west. It was travelling very fast. It moved in a straight line and I watched it for about 10 seconds. It was dark and all I could see was the light portion. It appeared as a small round light, very bright, but made no reflection on the clouds. I distinguished no sound; as I watched it broke into two distinct pieces and each became a dull colored light, then they disappeared. When it broke, the pieces kept going for a short distance on the level before they dropped slightly and went out without leaving sparks or any other visible trace.

____ Auditor General Department, USAF was questioned, and stated, at approximately 2200 hours 31 July '50, I was in my room in the BOQ looking out of the window toward Signal Hill which overlooks St. John's, Nfld. I saw an object which appeared in all details to be a comet going from East to West on a track south of my position. It was impossible to determine the distance to the object or its size. It appeared as a burning object with a long wake. I watched it for several seconds, after

UNCLASSIFIED

OWN 6RA0E AT  3 YEARa REMlAve^I
DECLASSIFIE3) AFTER 12 YEARS. V

DOD DIB 5200.10

AT222591 6637
```

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the document.

Below is the text from the document as an OCR system output:

```
UNCLASSIFIED.

Subject: Unconventional Aircraft sighted in vicinity St. John's
Newfoundland, 31 July 1950

which it appeared to split into two portions and dissipate before
any angle of descent was noticed. It broke up in mid-air much in
the manner of a disintegrating comet. I first noticed it at approxi-
mately a 45° angle to my left and it crossed before me and disinte-
grated at approximately a 45° angle to my right. My window faces
magnetic South.

Pepperrell Air Force Base was
questioned and stated at 2205 local time, 31 July 1950,
and I left the NCO Club. We followed the sidewalk that
runs along the north side of the NCO Club. We were facing in a
westerly direction. Upon coming to the end of the club building,
called my attention to a flame that could be seen in
the air. No object was discernable. The general direction of
travel was Northwest. The estimated altitude was between 5 to 6
thousand feet. Approximate distance from the NCO Club put ;object,
I would say, over the west end of Quidi Vidi Lake. The object ap-
peared from the general direction of Cabot Tower and seemed to disa-
appear near the top of Kenews5 Hills. In my opinion, the burning charge
was of a rocket type. The flame was of a bluish color changing to
reddish orange at the tail of the flame. At one point the flame
seemed to renew itself as though fresh charge had been set off. It
is possible that the object could have passed behind a cloud cloud.
The weather at the time of sigting was good. There were some strata
clouds to the west and some sound clouds overhead. Cloud coverage
was about 5/10. Stars were visible. The object was not travelling
at a great rate of speed. The object was seen for no longer than
15 seconds.

Constable and of the Royal
Canadian Mounted Police were questioned and made statements sub-
stantially the same as that of

CARL M. SWENSON
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Air Inspector

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 3 -

There are no photographs present on this page. Below is the transcribed text from the document:

```
-. .
, .
HEADQUARTERS
PEPPERRELL AIR FORCE BASE
APO 862, c/o POSTMASTER, N.Y.. N.Y.

IN REPLY
REFER TO 333.5
. .
UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT:

Nf BCjOSI,

24-186.
TO
Air Materiel Command
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Transmitted herewith is OSI report of investigation
24-185 for your information and disposition.

OS!
FOR THE COMANDINO GENERAL

1 Inol
OSI Report 24-185
(2 copies)

UNCLASSIFIED
58
IG/OSI/MWM is
AUG 19 1950
t.
T

n
(1)
Copter, USA
Acting Cce
tor
M.P..

`

- page 4 -

This page does not contain any photographs.

OCR Text Output:

---

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
REPORT OF INVESTIGA

  

FILE NO.

24-185

DATE

  
17 August 1950

TITLE

UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT

  

REPORT MADE BY

S/A Ralph O. Robillard

DATE

  
31 July 1950, St. John's, Nfld.

REPORT MADE AT

  
Pepperrell AFB, Newfoundland

SUB.

Captain

James M

  

PERIOD

  
1 August to 15 August 1950

OFFICE OF ORIGIN

  
D. O. #4

STATUS

  
R.U. C

CHARACTER

Special Inquiry--Unconventional Aircraft

REFERENCE

APCSI Letter 106

SYNOPSIS

Shortly after 2200 hours on 31 July 1950 an unidentifiable object was sighted travelling in a westerly direction over the vicinity of St. John's, Newfoundland. No details of the object were visible and it appeared as a bright greenish light under the overcast. It seemed to break into two distinct pieces each of which became a dull colored light and then to disappear.

DETAILS

stated at 2205 hours 31 July '50, I was in front of Building 805 driving Southwest and heading toward the area known as VOQ. Which is just behind Bldg. 805 and on the Instal # 3. New Pepperell AFB. At the intersection of Smelling Avenue and Avenue We turned East and as we turned we looked South and saw a moving green light under the overcast. I stomped the car and saw the object going from east to west. It was travelling very fast. It moved in a straight line and I watched it for about 10 seconds. It was dark and all I could see was the light portion. It appeared as a small round light, very bright, but made no rejection on the clouds. I distinguished no sounds; as I watched it broke into two distinct pieces and each became a dull colored light, then they disappeared. When it broke, the pieces kept going for a short distance on the (vel before they dropped slightly and went out without leaving sparks or any other visible trace.

Auditor General Department, USAF was questioned, and stated, at approximately 2200 hours 31 July '50, I was in my room in the BOQ looking out of the window toward Signal Hill which overload St. John's, Nfld. 

DISTRIBUTION

ACTION COPY FORWARDED TO

FILE STAMP

CQ AMC
HQ MATS
OBI
CO PEPPERELL
File

-2
-2
-2
-2
2

Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

APPROVED

CARL M. SEWENSON
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Air Inspector

UNCLASSIFIED

AFHQ FORM 15 JAN 49

0-208

Replace APCIS Form 4 



- page 5 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Below is the extracted text from the document:

```
2. UNCLASSIFIED

I saw an object which appeared in all details to be a comet going from 
East to West on a track south of my position. It was impossible to
determine the distance to the object or its size. It appeared as a
burning object with a long wake. I watched it for several seconds,
after which it appeared to split into two portions and disintegrate be­
fore any angle of descent was noticed. It broke up in mid-air much in
the manner of a disintegrating comet. I first noticed it at approxi­
mately a 45° angle to my left and it crossed before me and disintegrated
at approximately a 45° angle to my right. My window faces magnetic
South.

and stated at 2205 local time, Pepperrell Air Force Base was questioned
and stated at 2205 local time, 31 July 1950, Sgt M.Z. Nicodemus and I
left the NCO Club. We followed the sidewalk that runs along the north
side of the NCO Club. We were facing in a westerly direction. Upon
coming to the end of the club building, Sgt. Nicodemus called my at­
tention to a flame that could be seen in the air. No object was
discernable. The general direction of travel was Northwest. The
estimated altitude was between 3 to 5 thousand feet. Approximate
distance from the NCO Club put object, I would say, over the west end
of Quidi Vidi Lake. The object appeared from the general direction
of Cabot Tower and seemed to disappear near the top of Kanaws Hill.
In my opinion, the burning charge was of a rocket type. The flame was
of a bluish color changing to a reddish orange at the tail of the flame.
At one point the flame seemed to fade out as though it were burned out,
then the flame seemed to renew itself as though fresh charge had been
set off. It is possible that the object could have passed behind a
scud cloud. The weather at the time of sighting was good. There were
some strata clouds to the west and some scud clouds overhead. Cloud
coverage was about 3/10. Stars were visible. The object was not
travelling at a great rate of speed. The object was seen for no
longer than 15 seconds.

and_________and__________ of the R.C.M.P. were
questioned and made statements substantially the same as that of
__________

STATUS: Referred Upon Completion to Office of Origin.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 6 -

There are no photographs present on the page. 

Text found in the document:

```
Information only (No Case)

Course: CSI
          -------------------------------------------------
                                                August, 1950
                                                Tucson, Arizona
               ********

             TUCSON, ARIZONA SIGHITNG AUGUST, 1950
        " About 9:30 p.m. a strange object suddenly 
        appeared, and seemed to be heading directly
        for our house.  We had been looking up into 
        the sky, but did not see this object until it 
        was almost upon us.  We sprang up, expecting
        it to pass over our house, but instead, it
        stopped almost directly over us, so that we
        were looking at the bottom of it.  It hung
        motionless for perhaps a second, then very
        deliberately turned and we watched it disappear
        over the mountain about 2.miles away.  

        The object was low, as compared to stars,
          etc., or even a high-flying plane.  It all
          happened quickly, but I have always had the
          feeling that there was no sound of any kind.

          As it approached us it gave the appearance
          of a small flock of birds, in perfect forma-
          tion, surrounded by light.  As it hung over
        us -- we were looking at the bottom of the
        thing -- it gave the appearance of a group of
          pontoons or perhaps tanks. Because we were
          under it, these were dark, and we could dis-
         tinguish merely the shape of them, which was
         longer than wide.  Can't be positive that
         there were nine, but they were in rows of
          three each, and there seemed to be more than
         six.  These things were underneath and com-
         pletely dark, but whatever was above them
         was well lighted.

            The lights seemed to shine out from all
        sides of the top part, but we could not see
            what was within the light.  The dark, pontoon-
            like objects seemed to be rigidly fixed,
            because they all turned in unison as it moved
            away.

            As it moved away, and we were no longer
            under it, and could no longer see the dark 
            objects, it appeared as a round ball of light.
            The light was bright, but not with the hard
            brilliance of an ordinary electric light.
         It seemed to emanate from the top and sides in
         a softer, glowing light.  As it moved away
            from us and sailed over the mountain it
         looked like a softly glowing ball." MRS.
          ******

```

- page 7 -

