The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 7 April 1950 06/0255Z
2. LOCATION: Boston, Massachusetts
3. SOURCE: Civilians
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1-2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Other (Inversion effects)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The object was observed by tower operator through binoculars. No shape visible, just a light. Blurred edges. Movement from 35 to NE at speed of conventional aircraft. Changes from blue to white. Changed back to blue and disappeared. These may have been light reflection or refraction effects, fighting to 45 deg elevation a fog or inversion phenomenon.

FTD FORM 53 D-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

The text in the document is as follows:

The undersigned is employed as a watch supervisor in the Civil Aeronautics Administration Control Tower at Logan International Airport, Boston, Mass. On the night of April 7, 1950 I was on duty in the Logan Tower. Also present on duty at the Tower were the following controllers: CAPT and all holders of current Senior Airman Traffic Controller Ratings.
The undersigned observed an unidencle light which was measured 16,000 overcast, visibility fifteen plus, temperature 38, dew point 13, wind northeast at 15 mph. The light appeared about 23 25 mph. It appeared to be at approximately 2155 B.S.T. I noticed a light due west of the Tower which caused my attention because of its unconventional color - a deep blue - I secured binoculars on the light to determine what the aircraft color could be and found no aircraft. The light had a pulsating quality, an elliptical pattern of light blurred at the edges and deep blue in color. It was moving in a north from southeast to northwest direction. I continued watching the light closely and its movement seemed to be a controlled, unconventional rate of speed which I could not determine its altitude but it was about 15 degrees above the horizon when first seen. The light changed from deep blue to a sharply distinct white. At this point I summoned the other controllers two of whom Confirmed the observation. As we watched, the single blue light appeared to dissolve into two blue lights which began to rapidly ascend, one breaking away at an acute angle. As the process continued this erratic and trajectory took them from our view. I was about to accept the lights as being two searchlights that someone was playing with when suddenly their trajectory took them from our sight with such speed that I was about to accept the conclusion that they were two searchlights that someone was playing with, whereupon suddenly their trajectory took them from our sight with such speed that was in no way comparable to any known aircraft.
In evaluating the experience, the undersigned expressed the possibility of the incident being subjective, but the fact that four of us saw the same thing would seem to mitigate this possibility.

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be a blurred or obscured object or aircraft. The text in the document states that the image is "DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS. DECLASSIFICATION 1 MAY 1968. DOD DIR 5200.10 UNCLASSIFIED", indicating that the document has been declassified.

Transcribing the text from the document:

Having accepted a to a reasonable degree the objectivity of the experience I tried to explain it in a acceptable natural terms. That what had seen was an atmospheric phenomenon known to me was not admissible. I learned to fly in 1936 and have been aviation ever since that time, and had served in the Southwest Pacific area, Squadron Commander and director of air support for the 5th Air Force for two years. Squadron Commander and director of air control school in 1942. served in the Southwest Pacific years as instructor, section and group officer of the Air Materiel Command and liaison officer with the Training Control and Warning Group in the Air National Guard, with the rank of Lt. Colonel.
I in the Air is a most unresponsible assumption that I am relatively familiar with aircraft types and capabilities.
Upon examining the possibility of searchlights being responsible I was forced to discard that theory because twice I had seen mass, solid object with strong wind on the surface and a sort of electrical aura around it. This phenomena wass entirely different from any searchlight. powerful enough to cast a spot on the cloud base at that distance.
The only solution which seemed acceptable to me, and I still do not know whether it is accepdata, was that we were being followed by some "stellar soreno" or some other luminous hydro-carbon disturbance in the atmosphere. With strong winds on the surface and electrical disturbances in the atmosphere it is understanable that he had picked up a heavy load of ice in descending through the overcast, so prominently that with ice crystals I filled observer was not satisfactory an answer this theme did not eliminate the possibility that what I had witnessed was a technological phenomena of which we were not familiar.

For obvious reasons no formal report/of this incident was made to any superior comamnd developing from irresponsible or hysterical sources. One hesitates to solicit ridicule, but in view of the close similarity of what I witnessed and what has been seen by others elsewhere, I feel it incumbent to submit this report in spite of that risk.

- page 3 -

