The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Capt for 10 april 50
Robbins af b ga.
11 april 50
02:30.
"T-P"
52' diameter
N 30 Z 50 E
4-5 minutes
Ground 
Turned to right and then back to left. Gained altitude very rapidly.
alc

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS
WARNER ROBINS AIR MATERIEL AREA
Office of the Commanding General

Robins Air Force Base, Ga.
11 April 1950

SUBJECT: Spot Report of Unidentified Flying Object
TO: Commanding General
Headquarters AID
Wright-Patterson AFB 
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: Chief of Intelligence

1. a. Observer: 
   Captain Charles H. McMahon, Station Hospital

b. Location: 
   Station Hospital, Robins Air Force Base, 
   Robins Field, Georgia

c. Date and time: 
   10 April 1950 at approximately 0400

d. Weather C a V U: 
   Wind negligible; Visibility - good

2. Captain Charles H. McMahon had returned to the base a few minutes before 0400 hours this morning after seeing an aerial object. He states that he had the object for about one or one and a half hours on the plane. He wears glasses and was interested in flying discs, but believes his glasses are connected to 20/20. He states that he had had three (3) attacks in the evening of 9 April prior to this. He said he did not believe either this crime or fatigue were sufficient to impair his vision.

Captain McMahon stated that he had not listened to Henry J. Taylor's broadcast or read related articles, and that he did not know he was being observed. He says several other people saw the object relative to that subject, but that he had no particular interest in air-craft or flying discs.

4. After his plane landed, Captain McMahon had some friends drive him over to the hospital. The time of his arrival at the hospital was approximately 0450. He planned to get some rest before recording for duty for the day.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten document with text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. There is no photograph present in this image.

UNCLASSIFIED
Spot Report of Unidentified Flying Object (cont'd) dtd 11 April 1950

4. Looking at the point where the flash had occurred, Sgt. Harrell saw a light approaching. At first he believed it was a plane which was at an altitude estimated to be about 7,000 feet. When this object approached to within about 4,500 feet, he noticed it was not a plane but a bright light which seemed to be spinning. No part of the object appeared to be spinning.

5. The object had a red glowing rim around the widest part. Behind that was a white shiny rim, and the interior portion seemed to be illuminated. The object had a constant and appeared to swing from side to side. The color was a bright red and had no element of orange in it. It did not appear to be a burning flame. It seemed to be a glowing color. There were no sparks emitting from the object at any point. It was definitely not a flare.  

6. The object approached from the South and came directly over the hospital. Estimating the size of the object, it compared substantially in size to a medium-sized automobile. When it was directly over the hospital, the bottom part appeared to be about the size of a flour barrel head or about 25 inches in diameter. The overall diameter was estimated to be about 25 feet.

7. Just as it passed overhead, it hesitated momentarily, and then made a sharp dip side-wise, following the line of horizon for about 100 feet, it banked again to the left and went toward the south. The object gained altitude over when it banked for the third time. The speed and acceleration with the object traveled was that of a baseball. Over the distance the object gained altitude and disappeared.

8. At no time were there any odors or sounds from the object. At that early hour of the morning, there were no other sounds which would have drowned sounds coming from the object.

9. Only one (1) object was sighted. It was in view for about 4 or 5 minutes. Sgt. Harrell stated that his impression was that the object was undoubtedly controlled by someone, and that the movement was deliberate.

10. Immediately after the object passed overhead, Captain Charles H. Harrell came up and asked him if he could see anything in the sky. Captain Harrell stated that he could see the object and said that he saw it.

FOR THE CHIEF OF AIR STAFF

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book report. The document appears to be a spot report of an unidentified flying object sighting at Robins Air Force Base, Georgia on April 10, 1950.

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS
WARNER ROBINS AIR MATERIEL AREA
Office of the Commanding General

Robins Air Force Base, Ga. 
11 April 1960

SUBJECT: Spot Report of Unidentified Flying Object

TO:
Commanding General
Headquarters ADC
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio
ATTENTION: Chief of Intelligence

1. a. Observer: 
S/Sgt. Lovett G. Harrell, Jr., AF 14015031
Station Hospital

b. Location: Station Hospital, Robins Air Force Base, Robins Field, Georgia

c. Date and time: 10 April 1950 at approximately 0400

d. Weather: C A V U; Visibility approximately 10 miles
Wind negligible

2. Sgt. Harrell stated that on 9 April 1950 he had retired early and had been sleeping well alone in his quarters. He was not conscious of any intoxicating liquor within 48 hours preceding this incident. His vision is 20/20 without glasses. He stated that he had not been listening to any radio broadcasts, nor had he read any news articles regarding saucer-shaped aenomenal.

3. At about 0330 on the morning of 10 April 1950, S/Sgt. Harrell left his home to go to the Station Hospital, Robins Air Force Base, at about 0345. He was preparing for duty early in order to do some personal work that day. As the taxi drove away and S/Sgt. Harrell was about to enter the building, his attention was attracted to a red flash in the South in the direction of the base laundry. The flash was similar to the red navigation light on the front of a "fly" in the Center of a "V" formation of aircraft. It appeared to be about one mile in altitude and stationary for about 15 seconds. There was no noise whatever and no other lights were visible. This would indicate that an aircraft as such did not exist. S/Sgt. Harrell stated that during the time he observed this phenomena, the sky was clear and the visibility approximately 10 miles.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Spot Report of Unidentified (UNCLASSIFIED) dto 11 April 1950

The day, His friends had driven away when he started into the building. He said, that he had seen his first "flying saucer." The object was cigar shaped, but short and stubby, about the size of a star but shone brighter. It hovered motionless about 150 yards distant for about 3-4 minutes, then suddenly raced off at extremely high speed. In about 1-2 hours on one of the cots before reporting for duty. The S.P. asked him if he could see any sky-lights under the cots as he looked up and saw a moving object in the sky. It was small - about the size of a star but was traveling quite rapidly. The red light seemed to change in intensity. It did not blink, but faded bright and then dim, etc. It did not reflect any of its own light.

Captain LeRahos estimated the altitude to be about 12,000 to 15,000 feet. It appeared to be elliptical in shape or resembling a child's elongated toy balloon, but did not resemble an advertising blimp. He would not estimate the speed. It maneuvered with a speed comparable to that of a slow moving aircraft. It would move, hesitate momentarily, then move again. It seemed to make a definite change in direction almost instantly, as though under complete control. With the exception of the occasional hesitation, he did not observe it to accelerate or decelerate noticeably. After the object had apparently gone out of sight, but would occasionally reappear too dimly to observe any detail. He had not observed any flash or noise, and there was no odor nor was there any trail or smoke. He had not observed any light, but that after observing it for about three minutes he went into the building because he was eager to rest a possible before duty hours.

Captain McMahon stated that if S/Sgt Farrell had not mentioned "flying saucers" he would not have noticed the object, but that when he did see it, he realized that it was not an ordinary aircraft.

FCR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

Signature
J.E. DEYARMOND
Major, USAF
Intelligence Officer

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

