The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

25 April 56 
Charleston, S.C.
Various colors: S.C.
light, bright or orange 
5 seconds 
around 
Reported to be meteor in newspaper

ASTRO METEOR

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is titled "HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY" and is dated April 28, 1950. The subject of the document is "Unconventional Aircraft" and it is addressed to the Commanding General, Air Material Command at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio.

The text in the document is as follows:

AJACI-3 360.33
SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft
TO: Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
Attention: LCI (Control No. A-1917)

Enclosed herewith is newspaper clipping from the COLUMBIA RECORD, Columbia, South Carolina, 25 April 1950, re meteor seen in Carolina cities.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

G. F. OVERTON
for JOHN MEADE 
Colonel, GSC
AG of S, G-2

1 Incl:
Clipping dtd 25 Apr 50

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

THE COLUMBIA RECORD Powerpur 
Columbia, South Carolina
25 April 1950

Meteor Seen In 
Carolina Cities

Observers in three South Carolina cities reported seeing a bright object "shooting" across the sky last night. The object was seen for several minutes by people in Columbia and Charleston.

They described the object as very bright and visible for at least 25 seconds. It was about as large as the full moon and appeared to be at an altitude of 5,000 to 4,000 feet.

The object was reported north of Charleston and visible across the western horizon. It moved at high speed and left no trail. The color was described as bluish white.

One witness near Charleston said the object appeared to be descending and he estimated it was 15 to 18 inches in diameter. It was visible for about 25 seconds. 

In Columbia, the object was reported to have flashed brilliantly for several seconds, then disappeared. It was visible from downtown Columbia and was seen by many people.

James A. Hahne
S.A.C. PAD #13
Columbia, S.C.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

WEATHER DETACHMENT 25-94
25th Weather Squadron
Shaw Air Force Base
South Carolina

SUBJECT: Reporting of Information on "Flying Pieces"

TO: All Concerned

1. In compliance with letter, Department of the Air Force, subject as above dated 6 February 1950, the following information is submitted relating to an object believed to be a "Flying Piece" that was seen in this area on the night of 24 April 1950.

2. a. Location and time of sighting: Seen over Sumter, South Carolina suburbs about 7:50 P.M. on the 24th of April.
   b. Weather at the time: Weather was clear.
   c. Lt. Col. Charles T. Weaver, Weather Observer, Weather Detachment 25-94, Shaw Air Force Base, Sumter, South Carolina.
   d. No photographs available.
   e. Sketch of object's configuration:

f. Object sighted: It seemed to be a large ball of fire with a long stream of sparks following the object or whatever it was.
   (1) Number: One (1)
   (2) Shape: Sort of cylinder shaped at front then tapering off in rear.
   (3) Size: About fifty (50) ft in length and possibly five (5) feet in diameter.
   (4) Color: Firing Red

DOWNGRADED UNCLASSIFIED
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 4 -

The image appears to contain a redacted document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects. The document is titled "UNCLASSIFIED" and appears to describe the sighting of an object on April 25, 1950. However, there is no photograph present in this particular image.

Transcribing the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
Basic Data: Subject: Reporting of Information on "Flying Discs" 25 Apr 50

(5). Speed: Approximately 140 miles per hour
(6). Heading: From West to East
(7). Maneuveirability: Moving on a straight line
(8). Altitude: Between 1000 and 1500 feet
(9). Sound: No noticeable sound
(10). Exhaust trail or not: The only trail was a long trail
     No exhaust could be seen.
General remarks: I was astonished when it first appeared and
couldn't imagine what it could have been. It was nothing like anything I
had seen before. It doesn't seem possible that it could have been a plane
as no sound could be heard and no object could be seen other than the fire
and sparks.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

