There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing various form fields filled out with information about a UFO sighting.

ATTIC HO.    
AP NO.    
REPORT NO.    
DATE OF REPORT: 2 Aug 50
LOCATION:   Belle Vernon, Pa.
SOURCE:   Civilian
DATE IN TO ATTIC:  
COLOR:   Red
SHAPE:   Pilot balloon
ALTITUDE:   
LENGTH OF TIME:   OBS. FVD.
TYPE OF OBSERVATION:   Ground
MANEUVER:   A strange found what he thought was strange a/c, but from the description and evidence it was determined to be a pilot balloon.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). There is no photograph present in this particular document. 

The text that can be extracted from the document is as follows:

Reference is made to your letter of 4 August 1950 concerning an object which you could not identify.

From the information presented in your letter it is apparent that the object in question is a pilot balloon target which is carried aloft by a free rising balloon on clear, calm days. This type of balloon target is expendable and unclassified and may be disposed of in any manner which you see fit.

Your forwarding the information in question to this headquarters is appreciated.

Yours truly,

BRYAN L. DAVIS
Colonel, USAF
Air Adjutant General

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) incident.

OCR output:

AXA
Belle Vernon, Pa.
August 49th-1950

Technical Intelligence Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

On August 22nd I filmed a strangely moving aircraft. It is now in the possession on August 23rd. I visited the hangar about the flying saucer, and you wanted information about it. What I have told you is the truth, I cannot tell anymore than that. If you want any more information about it you will have to contact me.

Sincerely,

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a written description of a "new-type aircraft". The text provides details about the physical characteristics of the aircraft, such as its wood construction, main airfoil and elevator details, as well as other descriptive information. 

The text output from the OCR process is as follows:

Description of New-Type aircraft:

Wood construction. 
Monoplane.
Main airfoil extending upwards with tapered which - 2 folding trailing edge and metal tip.
+5 outside edges - 3 trailing about 4 inches - very stable thick
+ may be one 3 feet long missing.
Paper made.
Top of Aircraft - all white
Underneath of triangular shaped liner. Paper strips - 3 all white taking single shaped paper 
Paper is silver on one side and translucent on the other side. paper seems
to be water proof
3 triangular shaped points up and 3 down
Diameter 13 or more strips of paper wide
Initials CAGH on both tapers of the
paper whitebipe

772d number below CAGH
4.

- page 4 -

The image contains no photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document containing text describing an observation.

Transcription:

Description

Appearing, not an unusual sky, brighter, pointing the stars, very fast, went to higher altitude.

Compared to a stationery object, smaller in size, started moving across the sky very swiftly and rapidly, disappeared through the nebula.

Might, tell, it's real air flying.

Printed as witness

DFEFY
BOX 11
CHENICO C

- page 5 -

