The shared image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document. The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official document with various fields filled out. 

Performing OCR on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

PROJ CT 10373 ID. 15
DATT: HO. --- 
AY' HO .--
RPiviT IIO .
DATE OF REPORT ---
TYdfe OF IHETIG ---
SHAPE: ---
COLO',R: ---
SPEED: ---
ALTITUDE: ---
COUFi'S': ---
"10 . IN GROUP" ---
'SOtrt; . ---

: A civilian object was found that conformed to the descriptions given by observers, from the size and general appearance. It was covered  that they should not be further described as it was not intended as publicity. This was in accordance with the directives.

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is classified as "UNCLASSIFIED" and is dated July 1950. The report appears to be about an incident involving a flying saucer report from the Washington State area.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
To: District Intelligence Officer 13th Naval District
From: Lt. Rolland L Snille 
2603 S/1635 USNR-O
1601 Pine Ave Hillman, Washin-ton

Subject: Flying Saucers Report of:

1. The following information is reported to your office for proper disposition of the incident that was given consideration at this Headquarters concerning in incident that occurred in the morning of 21 July 1950, when he and I were discussing some of the traffic problems as they pertained to the Campus here at the Washington State College.

2. Chief Kinzel is a member of the Washington State Patrol, on detached duty here at Washington State College. Chief Kinzel's interest in flying saucers is as high as many of the other persons that are sincerely interested in the subject. However, his statement to me pertaining to flying saucers was substantially this: "I did not express any additional information or to anything at the time as I did not want to arouse his interest and felt that he had told me everything that had been told him."

3. Kinzel's information to me here is some confidential information that was given to a member of the intelligence section (Petroman) at the Tacoma offices, who was called to a location in the Hover Hills about at the time the object was seen. When they arrived at the location they saw the object, they could see that there was some written material on it and followed the directions of that written material on the hanford atomic project, Richland, Washington. It arrived at the scene and quickly picked up the object. A discussion between the military officer and the superintendent of the original person who had found the object followed. This object was similar to the one found in the Hover Hills which was about 6 inches thick and 20 inches in diameter, others are larger and others are not, some are capable of carrying 50 pounds and the largest ones up to 250 feet in diameter. So we are guided missels, others are not. Some are piloted by human beings, others are controlled by atomic energy and can travel as fast as 4000 miles per hour. It is believed that they are launched off from the bottom of bodies of water like the Pacific and Atlantic oceans. A trial of July 1950 contained missile launching that could not have been the action of any other country.

4. I have read the leaders article of the 14 July 1950 and am wondering about the final paragraph of this article which seems to indicate or realizing investigation or whereabouts of this missile is subject to prosecution by the United States Government.

5. This memo to the DIO officer is sent by me with the interest of the security of myself in that I remain the military officer who talked to Patrolman Fruitt violate the (deleted) regulations.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a text block that states: "FAIRBANKS, Alaska - July 1 - (ATPR) - The Alaska air command today says that a flaming object that flashed across the sky over Fairbanks was a meteor, not a UFO as first reported."

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: Newspaper

1 July 1950
Fairbanks, Alaska

FAIRBANKS, Alaska - July 1 - (ATPR) - The Alaska air command today says that a flaming object that flashed across the sky over Fairbanks was a meteor, not a UFO as first reported.

- page 3 -

