The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image. The text found in the document is as follows:

ATIC NO:
AP NO:
INCIDENT NO:
DATE OF REPORT: EARLY AFTERNOON
TIME OF INCIDENT: 1632
COUNTY:
NO. IN OBJECT: 1
SHAPE: 
DURATION:
PHOTO: 
Temporary ATIC Form 329 
(9 Jan 53)

REMARKS: Pilot flew toward object as it was reported to be some kind of weather balloon.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an unclassified letter from the Headquarters Third Army in Fort McPherson, Georgia, dated September 22, 1950, regarding an "unusual object in the sky" reported in Memphis, Tennessee on September 19, 1950.

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY
FORT McPHERSON, GEORGIA

AGACI-3 360.35                                     22 September 1950

SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft

TO:   Commanding General
      Air Material Command
      Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
      Dayton, Ohio

Attention: MCID (Control No. A-1917)

Enclosed herewith is a newspaper clipping from the PRESS-SCIMITAR,
Memphis, Tennessee, 19 September 1950, re unusual object in the sky.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

[Signature]
JOHN HEADE
Colonel, GSC
AG OS S, G-2

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "Pilot Views Flying Saucer And Calls It a Balloon". The article describes an incident where a pilot reported seeing a "silver marble" in the sky that was hovering over Poplar Bluff, Missouri and called it a flying saucer. The article states that the object was later determined to be a weather balloon.

Here is the full text extracted from the document:

Pilot Views Flying Saucer And Calls It a Balloon
Revered Over Poplar Bluff for 5 Hours

Yesterday: "Like Silver Marble"

Poplar Bluff, Mo., Sept. 8 - A pilot flying over Poplar Bluff reported yesterday that he saw a large "silver marble" suspended in the sky and called it a flying saucer. 

The object, which the pilot said appeared to be about the size of a weather balloon, was visible for some five hours yesterday, according to residents of the area. 

Clay Greenwalt, local airport manager, said the pilot reported that the object was hovering over Poplar Bluff at a high altitude and did not appear to be moving. 

The pilot, whose name was not disclosed, said he first saw the object about 1:30 p.m. and watched it until about 6:30 p.m.

During that time, Greenwalt said, the pilot reported that the object remained stationary in the sky. It appeared to be a large silver disk, according to the pilot's description.

Greenwalt said that after the pilot reported the sighting, officials checked and found that no experimental balloons or aircraft had been released in that area yesterday.

He said the officials believed the object was probably a weather balloon, although the pilot insisted he had seen a flying saucer.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The page appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report with text only.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: INTELLIGENCE DIVISION, HEADQUARTERS, U. S. AIR FORCE

REPORT NO: 50-20-59

SERIAL NO: 9616664

DATE: 25 Aug 50

PLACE: POPLARBLUFF, MO

the pilot emphasized that it was possible there was no connection between the object and the light seen after dark.

PERCY F. SUTTON
Captain, USAF

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs, only text. As requested, I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the output of all the text found in the document.

RD CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
DATAPLACE: New York World Telegram and Sun
(Astro Margar)

20 September 1950
Rosebud, Tennessee Area

Meteor Blast
In Sky Rocks 
2-State Area

NASHVILLE, Sept 30 (AP) - Hundreds of residents in the area were awakened early today and apparently frightened by a brilliant flash of light in the sky.
The Highway Central Railroad agent in Lewisburg, Tenn., 40 miles from Memphis, Tenn., said an explosion occurred at 3:00 AM. This was felt over an area some 25 miles away. The report was not confirmed.

EX-PILOTS SAY IT WAS "FLASH"
A report of the gas flash was given to Memphis by American Airlines pilots from Washington. This was estimated to be about 175 miles long and 15 miles wide, flying at 15,000 feet. They said it lasted five to seven seconds.
The blast was heard from Western Kentucky to Memphis, Tenn. Housewives, farmers and others were roused by the explosion which was described as orange, yellow and blue flames shooting up in the sky.
There were no reports of damage or injuries. The CAA operator at the Nashville Airport said the blast came only five miles away.

The American Meteorite Society, whose members specialize in the study of meteors and meteorites, for years have collected reports of such phenomena. From a large enough number of good reports they can mathematically and determine the meteor's radiant--the point in the heavens from which it seems to come. The meteor is then identified by its radiant and given an MNS number. The data were published in Meteoritics, the journal of the society, and thus made available.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a typed document containing an Air Intelligence Information Report.

OUTPUT OF TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Intelligence Division, HQ USAF, Washington, D.C.  IR-291-50
The Commanding Officer, Maxwell Flight Service Center, Maxwell AFB, Alabama, has forwarded the following report of an unidentified object sighted in Missouri on 19 September 1950:

At approximately 1615 hours, 19 September 1950, Malden Radio was advised by telephone that an unidentified object had been sighted over Poplar Bluff, Missouri. A approximate location 1600C: OBLONG BALLOON to the north, high, and moving slowly in an easterly direction. Memphis was dispatched to the scene at 1645. Malden Radio directed the F-51 to the approximate location of the object, but was unable to locate the object by radar or visual contact. The object was observed by the tower over Malden from approximately 1645 to 1800C. This F-51 claimed to the vicinity of the first aircraft over Malden, and observed No Madrid, Missouri, at that time. The pilot of the 
F-51 was unable to climb to the altitude of the unidentified object, and was unable even to estimate how far the object was above him. The pilot claims he could not approach the object, as his rate of climb was inadequate. In shape it appeared to be between spherical and elliptical. At 1800C the object was lost from sight. Resuming in the area of the sighting, the pilot of the second aircraft reports that at approximately 1810C he observed a set of lights that appeared to be a very high speed jet or prop aircraft, with a red and white light in the rear, in the same general direction the object was sighted. This light was observed for some time and then disappeared.

"b. Weather at the time: Cirrus has at 30,000 feet, lower scattered stratus.

"c. Witnesses: Pilot of NG 45-11457, Haverty, James, 1st Lt. 155 ANG Squadron, Tennessee, Pilot of NG 12-11532, Sqn. CO, Donald W. 1st Lt. 155 ANG Squadron, Tennessee. RFD #1, Box 1131, Raleigh, Tennessee. Occupation: Mechanical engineer. 

"d. Photographs of object not available.

"e. No sketch available.

"f. Object sighted: 
(1) Number: One.
(2) Shape: Egg shaped to spherical shaped.
(3) Size: Unable to establish size by comparison with anything.
(4) Color: Silver to silver gray.
(5) Speed: Hovered or was stationary, lights moved at a terrific rate of speed. 
(6) Heading: Northerly toward St. Louis.
(7) Maneuverability: Stationary, lights moved in a straight line.
(8) Altitude: Unable to estimate, but very definitely above 40,000 feet.
(9) Sound: No sound.

"DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS"

- page 6 -

