The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a distant object in the sky. The object is difficult to make out due to the low quality of the image.

Turning to the text in the document:

ATTY report
5 March 1950
OGIO 9673
Pt. bliss, Texas
Two soldiers
TAH 11.00 a.m.
Very slow
20-30 sec
Observed at elevation of approx. 60°
in azs.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. The document is a classified report from the U.S. Army's Fourth Army Headquarters regarding unidentified aerial phenomena observed at Fort Bliss, Texas on March 6, 1950 at 0645 hours. The report is addressed to the Commanding General, Air Material Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY
OFFICE OF THE AC OF S, G-2
Fort Sam Houston, Texas

000.9 MCADB-I                                  27 March 1950

SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Phenomena

TO:     Commanding General
        Air Material Command
        Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
        Dayton, Ohio
        ATTENTION: ICSI

The following report(s) re unidentified aerial phenomena observed at Fort Bliss, Texas on date and time indicated, forwarded for your information:

OBSERVER        DATE        TIME
1st Lt Philip W. Arant, Btry B 6 March 1950   0645
29th AAA AW Bn (SP)
Cpl Johnnie L. Adams, Hq Btry
59th AAA AW Bn (SP)

1. True
As stated

DECLASSIFIED AFTER 5 YEAR INTERVALS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on an unidentified aerial object sighting.

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
Incident No. 

1. Date of observation 6 March 1950 Date of Interview 6 March 1950
2. Exact time of observation (local) 0645 MST
3. Place of observation: 30 yards NW, Flagpole, Ft Bliss, Texas
(Map Coordinates) (See overlay)
4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location or - give details): In open jeep
5. What attracted attention to object: Reflection from sun
6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping: One (1)
7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or fist at arm's length): As compared to a first to be a star
8. Color of object: Light or silver
9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object): Shape not discernible
10. Altitude (Angle of elevation above horizon - 0° at horizon, 90° overhead): Angle of elevation: Approximately 60°
11. Direction from observer (Angle clockwise from north): Southwest
12. Distance from observer (distance to town, bldg., etc., over which object appeared to be): Unknown
13. Direction of flight of object (s): North (See overlay)
14. Time in sight: 40 to 60 seconds
15. Speed (time to cover given angular distance): Very slow moving
16. Sound and odor: None
17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.): None
18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of brilliance): Visible by reflection
19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, carópies, etc.): None observed
20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. sketch or flight path): None

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION (Cont'd)
21. Manner of disappearance: Faded out of sight
22. Effect on clouds: No clouds
23. Additional information concerning object: None

24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: Daylight, clear

25. Name and address of observer: 1st Lt. Philip J. Arine, Hq Btry B, 93rd AAA AW Bn (SP), Cpl. Johnie D. Adkins, HQ Btry, 93rd AAA AW Bn (SP)

Comments of interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer (check neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employer, etc.)
Observers are considered intelligent, trustworthy, and character above reproach. No other work, glasses, especially polarized change at time of sighting, or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material?
No.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Transcription of the text in the document:

GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION (Cont'd) UNCLASSIFIED
Relative to Radar Sightings

1. Re Radars now operating on ground HOT APPLICABLE
a. Observations of direction, range, speed, altitude and size
of targets:
b. Did targets execute any turns? If so, what angle (180 degrees),
etc., and what radius of turn. If radius of turn was not
observable, how long did the target stay in the turn and
disappear?
c. Note particularly any separation of distant targets into
several targets upon approach.
d. Was radar blip on cathode ray tube well defined and consistent 
with size of object? faint? fading? pulsating at regular rate?
e. Did radar echo signal disappear suddenly or gradually?

2. If airborne, when object was sighted:
a. Were there any radar indications or extra noise on radio circuits?
b. Give estimates of size, speed, maneuvers, etc.

GENERAL 
1. Teletype sequences of local weather conditions : 0630, Scattered Clouds,
23,000 feet; Visibility, 50 miles; Temperature, 52°, dew point 23°.
2. Winds aloft report: 7,000 feet, 25 MPH, 230°.
a. Adiabatic chart for period in question: None

3. Local flight schedules of commercial, private, and military
aircraft flying in vicinity at the time:
(Check Canadian activity if close to border.)
No aircraft observed in vicinity at time of sighting.

4. Possible releases of testing devices in vicinity sent aloft by
Ordnance Dep't, Air Force, Army. Weather Balloons (for release and
tract of lighted synoptic balloon and other information).
Research Organizations or any others.
"UNCLASSIFIED"

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document with text content only.

UNCLASSIFIED
5. If object contacted earth, obtain soil samples within and without depressions or spot where object landed for purposes of melting comparison of soils.
Object did not contact earth.
6. Obtain photographs (or original negatives) where available; if not, secure sketches of:
a. Object
b. Surrounding terrain where object was observed
c. Place where object contacted earth (if this happened).
d. Maneuvers
e. Formation (if more than two).
(See overlay, attached)
7. Secure signed statements.
8. Obtain fragments or physical evidence where possible. None

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram illustrating the point of observation, line of sight, and direction of flight (north) for an unidentified object. The scale provided indicates this is from an El Paso location with a scale of 1:25,000.

Text extracted from the document:

Point Of Observation
519
364
Life of sight 
EL PASO
SCALE 1:25,000 
Direction of
Flight
(NORTH)
Object
514
365

- page 7 -

