The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document regarding an "Unconventional Aircraft" sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY
FORT MCPHERSON, GEORGIA

AAJOC-3 360.83
SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft

TO: Commanding General
     Air Materiel Command
     Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
     Dayton, Ohio

Attention: MOI (Control No. A-1917)

Enclosed herewith is a newspaper clipping from the Raleigh, North Carolina, NEWS AND OBSERVER, 6 April 1950, re unidentified object sighted in Hertford, North Carolina.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

/s/ A.M. Keith
JOHN MEADE
Colonel, GSC
AC of S, G-2

1 Incl.
Clipping dtd 6 Apr 50

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a newspaper article from The News and Observer, Raleigh, N.C., titled "Elongated Object Sighted In Hertford" and dated Thursday, April 6, 1950.

Text from the document:

Elongated Object Sighted In Hertford
By LUCIUS BLANCHARD
Ahoskie, April 5 - A strange, elongated object, sighted in the sky over this community about 10 a.m. this afternoon, was described by witnesses as being "longer than an airplane but slimmer, and colored a dark metallic gray."
The object, which was spotted by a group of school children while they were playing in a schoolyard in Hertford, came into view from the northeast, dipped slightly, and then continued on a southwesterly course, disappearing from sight in about five minutes.
Those staring upward to observe the object, among them W. Clyde Garrett, a Hertford merchant, Jake Farrell, Rhue Street merchant, and Mrs. Garland Warren, all described it as being about the size of a large airliner but shaped differently.
Garrett, who was the first to see the object, was said to have alerted others to its presence. Mrs. Warren later was said to have seen the object from a different viewpoint and to have described it as a "strange, elongated, metallic-colored affair which appeared to be gliding along at a high rate of speed and at an altitude of about 3,000 feet."
According to the witnesses, the object traveled at a steady speed and gave no indication of wavering or zigzagging in its course. Descriptions gained from other witnesses indicate the object was about five times the size of a jet fighter and was shaped more like a cigar or a submarine than a conventional aircraft.
Garrett said the object gave off no sound and left no vapor trail. And, he added, "It did not appear to be reflecting any sunlight, as would a normal metallic aircraft."
"We all watched it intently for about five minutes," Garrett declared, "and it seemed to be gliding along effortlessly without any apparent means of propulsion."
The incident occurred on the same day that a similar object was sighted over Woodland, about 20 miles to the southwest of Hertford. Descriptions of the two objects were almost identical, and the time element in the sightings was about the same. The Woodland object, according to witnesses there, was described as being the "same size and shape" as the one seen over Hertford, and was observed by Bob Hobson, Mrs. Hobson, and Mr. and Mrs. Earl Martin.
Eyewitnesses at Woodland also described the object as being about 18 feet in length.

- page 2 -

