The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a landscape view, likely taken outdoors. The photograph occupies the bottom half of the image, while the top half contains text in the form of a document or report.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

DATE OF OBS. 24 Mar 1952
TIME OF PLOTTING 1500-1522-1542 MST  
COSA ---------- SOCCBALL - MOON
COLOR--- Silver
BRIGHTNESS - 7,000t
DISTANCE----- Approximately 1.0 miles
TYPE OF COURSE Ground
MANEUVER --- Are upward
ATE IN TO BASE
REMARKS APPEAR TO BE ROUND
DATE AND FROM WHICH OBSERVED 12 Jan 52

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with text describing details about a sighting, such as sound and odor, trail characteristics, luminosity, projections, maneuvers, level of observation, and other observations. The text also includes information about the observer, Pvt Henry D. McKinn, Jr Hqs & Hqs, 8450th MP Group, and his occupation and hobbies.

Text from the document:

16. Sound and odor: No sound
17. Trail (color, length, width, persistance, etc.): None
18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of brilliance): Aluminum color and was brighter as sun reflected on it
19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.): None
20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. - sketch of flight path): 
21. Nearer or disappearance: Could see them until out of sight. Left faster than any jet
22. Effect on clouds: None, clear day
23. Additional information concerning object: Seemed to increase in speed
24. Weather conditions at time of sighting: Clear day; no wind, bright sunlight, good visibility

Pvt Henry D McKinn, Jr Hqs & Hqs, 8450th MP Group
Occupation and hobbies: Military policeman - None

Comments of Investigator relative to intelligence and character of observer (chance acquaintance, police dept., etc.): NONE

Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of sighting, or was object viewed through hazy, window, or other transparent material: NONE

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document discussing unidentified aerial phenomena.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY
OFFICE OF THE A.C. OF S., G-2
FORT SAM HOUSTON, TEXAS

25 April 1950

SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Phenomena

TO: Commanding General
   Air Material Command
   Wright Patterson Air Force Base
   Dayton, Ohio
ATTENTION: HCI

The following report(s) re unidentified aerial phenomena observed at Kirtland Base on date and time indicated, forwarded for your information:

OBSERVER    DATE    TIME
Pfc William B. Gaull, Hq & Hq Serv. Co. 24 Mar 50  1505
84508th MP Group     "  "     "    1500 
Cpl William Schmidt, Hq & Hq       "  "     "    1500
84508th MP Group     "  "     "    1505
Lt Harris D. McGinn, Jr., Hq & HQS Sq   "  "     "    1547 
84508th MP Group
   /s/ JONES
   H. A. JONES
   Colonel, GSC
   A.C. of S., G-2

DOWNGRADED AT A YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
FROM DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. Instead, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

Incident No. _____________

1. Date of Observation 24 Mar 50  Date of Interview 29 Mar 50
2. Exact time of observation (local) 1505
3. Place of Observation: Over Sandia Base, going North
(Map Coordinates)
4. Position of observer (sir, car, bldg location of - give details)
In car, in front of Officers' Club
5. What attracted attention to object: Was at MP Hqe when a lady called
stating she saw a disc
6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping: One
7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or fist at same length): About size of softball
8. Color of object: Silver, bright
9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object): One
10. Attitude (angle of observation above horizon - 0 degrees at horizon, 90 degrees overhead): 45 degrees for horizon
11. Direction from observer (angle clockwise from North): Going north - northeast from observer
12. Distance from observer (Difficult to town., bldg. etc. over
which object appeared to be): Unknown
13. Direction of flight of object (-): Going North
14. Time in sight: About four or five minutes
15. Speed (this to cover distance and time): Standing still when first
seen but started travelling around 700 MPH

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report and does not contain any photographs. I will now proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

16. Sound and odor: None
17. Trail (color, length, width, persistance, etc.): Approximately seven (7) inches long and five (5) inches in width
18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other-degree of brilliance): Very bright
19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.): None
20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. - sketch of flight path): With a looping action
21. Manner of disappearance: Out of sight
22. Effect on clouds: No clouds
23. Additional information concerning object: None
24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: Fair and clear
Name and address of observer: Pre William E Gault, Hq & Hq Ser Co., 8450th MP Group
Occupation and hobbies: None
Comments of interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer (check neighbors, police department, FBL records, employer, etc.): None
Did observer wear glasses, especially polarized glasses at time of sighting, or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material: None

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document titled "GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS".

GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
Incident No. _____________
1. Date of Observation 24 MAR 50 Date of Interview 29 MAR 50
2. Exact time of observation (local) 1500
3. Place of Observation: Directly above Sandia area and in line with Hwy 66 (Map Coordinates)
4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location or - give details) In front of BOQ bldg
5. What attracted attention to object: Transmission over radio
6. Number of objects and sketch or formation or grouping: One
7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e. sun, moon, thumb or fist at arm's length): Relative size of moon 
8. Color of object: Silver
9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object): Round
10. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - 0 degrees at horizon, 90 degrees overhead): 90 degrees overhead
11. Direction from observer (angle clockwise from North): Directly overhead
12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., over which object appeared to be): Six to eight miles
13. Direction of flight or object (+): South
14. Time in sight: Three or four minutes
15. Speed (time to cover distance - angular distance): 100+ miles per hour

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

16. Sound and odor: None
17. Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.): None
18. Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of brilliance): None
19. Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennas, canopies, etc.): None
20. Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. - sketch of flight path): None
21. Manner of disappearance: Unknown
22. Effect on clouds: None
23. Additional information concerning object: None
24. Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: Clear
Name and address of observer: Cpl William Schmidt, Hq & Hq Service Co, 84508th MP Group
Occupation and hobbies: Military Policeman - none
Comments of interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer (check neighbors, police dept., FBI files, etc.): Reliable MP - "Q" Cleared

Did observer wear glasses, especially polarized glasses at time of sighting, or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material? No Glasses

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document titled "GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS" from Project Blue Book. The text found in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
Capt. Dennis M. Agar
GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION 
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
Incident No. _________
1. Date of Observation 24 Mar 50  Date of Interview 29 Mar 50
2. Exact time of observation (local) 1909
3. Place of Observation: Over Sandia Mountains
(Map Coordinates)
4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details)
In rear of Officers' Club
5. What attracted attention to object:
Another patrol pointed it out to him 
6. Number of objects and sketch of formation or grouping:
One
7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb, or fist at arms length):
About size of soft ball 
8. Color of object:
Silver, bright
9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object):
Could not determine shape - only glanced at bright object
10. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - 0 degrees at horizon, 90 degrees overhead):
45 degrees from horizon
11. Direction from observer (angle clockwise from North):
Did not notice
12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., over which object appeared to be):
Unknown
13. Direction of flight or object (-):
Going Northwast
14. Time in sight:
Four or five minutes
15. Speed (Hint to given distance):
Unknown

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains only text, likely part of Project Blue Book.

Sound and odor: None
Trail (color, length, width, persistence, etc.): Silver, length and width unknown
Luminosity (visible by reflection, incandescence, other - degree of brilliance): Very bright
Projections (fins, wings, rods, antennae, canopies, etc.): None
Maneuvers (turns, climbs, dives, etc. - sketch of flight path): Northeast motion
Manner of disappearance: Did not watch object go out of sight 
Effect on clouds: None
Additional information concerning object: None
Weather conditions and light at time of sighting: Fair and clear
Name and address of observer: Capt. Davis M. Gear, Hq & Hq Sqr Go., 8450th AF Group
Occupation and hobbies: Soldier - None
Comments of interrogator relative to intelligence and character of observer (check neighbors, police dept., FBI records, employer, etc.): None
Did observer wear glasses, especially polaroid glasses at time of sighting, or was object viewed through canopy, window, or other transparent material: None

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, titled "GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS".

GUIDE TO INVESTIGATION
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
Incident No. _________

1. Date of Observation 24 Mar 50  Date of Interview 30 Mar 50  
2. Exact time of observation (local) 1547, approximately
3. Place of Observation: OVER SANDIA BASE
4. Position of observer (air, car, bldg, location of - give details)
Riding in open top jeep, Main and P streets
5. "That's attention attracted to object: Just looking and saw it - thought it was paper at first 
6. Number or objects and sketch of formation or grouping:
Four
7. Apparent size (compare to known object, i.e., sun, moon, thumb or fist at arms length):
Approximately eighteen (18) inches long. Looked round  
8. Color of object: Silvery
9. Shape (give graphic description - compare with known object):
Cigar's tell it's had sides, was in spinning or turning motion
10. Altitude (angle of elevation above horizon - 0 degrees at horizon, 90 degrees overhead):
50 degrees overhead, 7,000 feet. 45 angle  
11. Direction from observer (angle clockwise from North):
East
12. Distance from observer (Distance to town, bldg, etc., over which object appeared to be): 
Four to five miles, approximately over mountains
13. Direction of flight of object (?):
North
14. Time in sight:
Approximately five to seven minutes
15. Speed (time to cover distance):
Approximately 150 MPH at first, then approximately 700 MPH

- page 10 -

