The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a handwritten or typed report form. There is no photograph or image visible within the document itself, only the text and form fields.

ATIC NO.
AIR NO.
REPORT NO. - - - -
DATE OF REPORT 22 Dec 50
DATE OF SIGHTING 1950
SHAPE Circular
SIZE East African 20 cents piece
SOUND High pitched buzz like swarm of bees
LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED - - -
LOCATION Kenya (Africa)
SOURCE Civilian Couple
DATE OF TO ATIC - - -
COLOR Pearly iridescence
SPEED - - -
ALTITUDE "Considerable"
TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground
MARKINGS Hovering and spinning
(Temporary ATIC Form 329 (2 Jan 55))

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AF 263363
Country: Kenya
Report No. R-750-50
I.D. No. 71-6726
Subject: What was it? - Flying Saucer?
Proposed Category: ETHIOPIA
Evaluation:
Date of Information: 15 Dec 50
Date of Report: 29 Dec 50
Prepared by: East African Query, Ltd.
Source: East African Standard Newspaper

Playing Golf on the Nanyuki course while staying at the Dewingo Hotel, a man and his wife had an odd experience. Here he describes, in his own words, what they saw:

On the morning of Saturday, December 2, at 10:50 a.m. and I were on the Nanyuki golf course moving from the fourth green to the fifth tee, when we heard a most peculiar sound, like a high-pitched singing whine. We both turned round and called a warning to a chap who was about 15 feet to my right. The object, he had noted, was as if to protect her head. For a moment it seemed to stand absolutely still, then it took off at an incredibly rapid rate, moving at a steep angle into the sky. At the same time it drew the attention of my eyes by the direction of the sound and as it did it seemed to have suddenly sawei, in a clear sky, in a most unbelievable manner its outline could be clearly seen, and it was moving and drifting high above us, about 100 feet up, and I realized that whatever it was considered a most reliable. The object was circular, quite smooth and showed no protuberances, but there was a certain pearly iridescence about its color. It was thicker across its vertical axis and was not unlike a saucer, flattened slightly on top and was emitting no smoke or vapor - just hovering in an almost stationary position.

I called out "What's in the sky?" Then: "It's a flying saucer." She had just seen it too and called back "Don't be so ridiculous." To which I shall is." From now on call it a flying saucer.

The colour of the saucer had a certain pearly iridescence and did not have any normal metallic look. "The saucer was absolutely clear and quite unlike anything I have ever seen before in the sky. The speed with which it moved was there and away could not have been more than a few seconds".

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a page from an old document, specifically a Project Blue Book report from Kenya, Africa dated 9 December 1950.

Text found in the document:

REPORT NO.
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT
DATE OF REPORT:
PLACE: KENYA, AFRICA
PREPARED BY:
SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 
Playing golf on the Nairobi course while staying at the "Wining Lodge." Saw a disc rifle fly back and forth after first being noticed coming up from the east. It made no noise. 
"On the morning of 9 Dec 50, while standing on the 6th tee of the Nairobi Golf Course, I noticed a strange object coming up from the east, traveling towards the west. It made no noise whatsoever. This object had the appearance of a metallic disc or saucer, and was flying in an erratic manner, darting back and forth. It continued in this manner for about 15 to 20 seconds, when suddenly it took off at a tremendous speed, disappearing from sight over the edge of the course. This all took place within a period of 30 to 40 seconds. The object was about 10 to 15 feet in diameter, and appeared to have no wings or other visible means of propulsion. Its color was a metallic silver, which reflected the sun's rays."
DATE OF REPORT: 13 DEC 50
SOURCE: CAPT. WILSON, BRITISH ARMY
DISTRIBUTION:

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, but there is no photograph present on this particular page. The page contains text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting, but no visual depiction of the object is included.

Performing OCR on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

"10 in upper and lower poles. It spun rapidly and then dropped like a stone. I noticed a bright spot on the spinning, or a destructive illumination while hovering.
It sailed out for 100 yards. where this occurred and could not be seen in the distance. I should imagine it was in the air for 2 to 3 minutes, for simplicity. The colour of the suitor had a certain greenish tint and did not change. When it gained altitude again it looked orange and quite clear.
The object seemed to hare been spinning at a very rapid rate, almost too fast to see. I thought it some thing like a flying saucer. It was an utter surprise to me and I do not know anything similar about. Of course one could say it mere description of the flying saucer."

- page 4 -

