The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an official document related to Project Blue Book, an investigation of UFO sightings by the United States Air Force.

AP letter
3 April 1950
2046 EST
Radar
Erratic
1
AIR FORM 112 (S)
The text in the document discusses radar tracking of an unidentified object over Selfridge AFB, Michigan on 9 March 1950. The object was tracked by radar traveling at speeds up to 1500 mph and altitudes up to 45,000 feet. The document notes changes in the object's altitude and speed, and describes it as "erratic".

- page 1 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

UNCLASSIFIED

From the station in Zone R and is as of 0300Z on 9 March 1950 as CONFIDENTIAL.

Three objects were observed at 0230 hours, after the pilot had left a static port in the vicinity. They were observed to go downward to the northwest and pass beyond a yellow-white light in the sky.

The AGHOC at this time was advised accordingly and stated they had contacted the lights of the IZ on ground-to-air radar. He showed his car beacon and pointed the lights, also stated that the lights are above the ground.

Air Force Base was alerted to the details and the lights seen at this time were observed to descend and disappear. The approximate path of the two objects was from the southwest to the northeast, varying in speed and size of an irregular light which is a light pattern showing through a smoke or fog-like material. This smoky or fog-like material is considered to be around the light, not a casing or optical device. The first appeared to be a flare-like, due to the color of the light. It caused the observer to think something had been dropped. It is reported the object then disappeared with the light holding, behaving as though illuminated by an internal source. The lights then proceeded inward, with closing speed of approximately 50 to 60 miles. The light then went out simultaneously, both went out at the same time with no trail or smoke visible.

COMMENT: Persons furnishing this information appeared to be generally reliable and informed.

ACTION: Two copies mailed through District Office No. 5 to Commanding General, Air Material Command. Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio. For review and analysis.

5th OSI District (MI) (2)
Commanding General, Air Force (2)
Commanding Officer, ACORN 5 (2)
Commanding Officer, SPRINTGER AFB (2) 
Commanding Officer, 3lst AD GP. (2)

R. B. KUITE
Major USAF
District Commander

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the project Blue Book military investigation of unidentified flying objects.

INF 373.5 (3)
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object
TO: Director of Intelligence, Headquarters United States Air Force, Washington 25, D.C.

1. Attached for your information are two narrative reports concerning sightings of an unidentified flying object.
2. The fact that the object was sighted on the scopes of two (2) radars is considered worthy of special note.
3. Comment or technical comment, this headquarters, was solicited and is quoted in part for your consideration:

"While it is relatively well known that various ionospheric conditions cause reflections of power frequencies, it is usually considered that these layers have no effect at the frequencies used by the two radar sets mentioned except when such transmissions from immigration or other atomic reactions. Presuming that such idealized conditions existed at the time of these observations, it is conceivable that an actual change in physical lateral motion in reference to the radar set could cause a seemingly greater change in relative position of the "object" as observed on the radar scope due to the varying path lengths the radar energy takes to under and from the "object". This relatively high frequencies of the L-Band CPS-6 and the S-Band CPS-4 radars sets almost rule out the possibility of anomalous propagation effects further, the magnitude of the yariations in dimensions of the "object" reported are beyond the capability of known behavior of microwave air vehicles or aircraft under controlled flight."

Also substantiating this unlikelihood, is the fact that the "object" was reported as remaining stationary in free space for a mean-period of two minutes.

Further validity is lent to the contention of the reports by statements that first indications, which were at high altitudes, were subsequently revised downward, which attitudes were controlled flight.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
UNCLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

INT 373.5 (S). "Unidentified Flying Object". (cont)

observed on the CPS-4 height-finder before being observed on the CPS-6 surveillance radar system. This appears logical and field experience, inasmuch as the high altitude coverage of the CPS-6 is known to be poor and the antenna of the CPS-4 is not capable of being automatically tilted as in the case of the CPS-6 - on which the controller may tilt the antenna within wide limitations to observe any high altitude objects. It is indicated on the radar set has indicated that targets picked up at ranges and altitudes indicated in subject report would probably have a reflection aspect ratio in the order of magnitude of a B-29 or greater.

 "For the absence of detailed vertical and horizontal coverage-age charts for the specific radar under discussion and comprehensive weather reports for the period covered in the report, a more completed study of this evaluation at this time is not feasible."

"In summary, no known electronic phenomena, nor combinations of several electronic phenomena could conceivably produce all of the observations covered by the attached reports."

"The frequency of reports of this nature has recently increased: instructions have therefore been directed to all radar installations within this command to report unidentified objects sightings."

5. It is recommended that reports of unidentified object sightings be reconsider for submission from all Zone of Interior Air Force agencies.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL

/s/ MCCLURE
Colonel, USAF
Air Adjutant General

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
10 MARCH 1950
1ST LT FRANCIS G. CARD, USAF, SAW TWO DISC-SHAPED OBJECTS AT 2:00 H., CST ON 22 FEB 50.
SELFRIDGE AFT, MICHIGAN

On the night of 9 Feb 50, the radar station was in operation approximately 90 miles northwest of Selfridge AFB. the target was on the radar scope for 3 minutes, approximately 25 miles from the station. The objects were circular in shape and were traveling at an estimated speed of 500 m.p.h. Lt. Carey, the radar operator, Lt. Melvin, and observers MacCarthy and Col. Belton, who made up the rest of the crew saw the objects. The objects, according to the radar, were at an altitude of 25,000 feet; the diameter of the objects was estimated to be 30-40 feet each. The objects traveled at the high altitude for some time, then descended to an altitude of approximately 3,000 feet and continued on their original course for a distance of 60 miles before they disappeared from the radar scope. The higher altitude of 25,000 feet was confirmed by the presence of blips on the RPI scope up to an altitude of 25,000 feet; the radar scope showed that the objects traveled at a speed of approximately 500 m.p.h. during their entire course. Over the next fifteen minutes the rest of the crew, mentioned above, visually observed the objects which were rapidly changing altitudes within my being able to turn around quickly enough to keep them in sight. Finally, however, I saw this target which was barely visible on the radar scope. It was indicated on the scope to be at an altitude of 3,000 feet. The indication was definitely that of a true aircraft, and the impression given was that the aircraft was maneuvering at this lower altitude. The F-80 pilot at the aircraft assisted altitude that he was at 28,000 feet. Later chatter between the tower and the incoming F-80 definitely stated that it was an aircraft. The target was a similar presentation to our radar returns earlier and its speed, approximately 500 m.p.h., was of the same order as the earlier returns. I would estimate that the objects were approximately the size of a C-47 aircraft. Further indications of this aircraft were picked up intermittently, but with no consistent or sustained return. The maneuvers or changes of course and attitude were made so rapidly that it was difficult to pin point any specific direction. Positive identification was definitely not that of an aircraft. The target as observed on the radar scope was at an altitude of 3,000 feet and the speed approximated 500 m.p.h. This compares favorably with the earlier higher altitude observations.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document. The text in the document has been obscured, likely for security or classification reasons. However, I can attempt to extract and output the text that is visible:

UNCLASSIFIED

the target tounded in one location and also in the proximate from a position of observation from 35.53 miles at 33 the same altitude. in I minutes, this change in position brought it 5.53 miles nearer the observation point. The time was not precisely measured, but the times were not to very long, probably not exceeding 2 minutes.

This was apparently unexplained and the device was reported as unidentified during this run. Subsequent individual questions: I unnoticed with questions to it during this run. I know only that the target was very fast. It disappeared during this period. I have several guesses as to what the object conceivably could have been, but observed that losing and gaining up to 20,000 feet very rapidly.

I was also at 2046 BST, to identify this aircraft on my type ( (3723-95) and automatically on the ZN 4855. The only actual siting and height we took on this aircraft. I did during the six minuets from 2046 to 2052 , give indications on both scopes without fade. I took down the angles and altitlides, but I had no dial readings. But those times were definitely marked and noted, but in this case. due to the fact that we were both following this same targets I have reconstructed what times were taken in cream pencil directly on the scops head, and later transferred as follows:

TIME AZITUTH RANGE IN MILES ALTITUDE IN FEET
2046 180 25,000
2047 180 29,000
2048 140 35,000
2049 125 32,000
2050 133 33,000
2051 133 33,000
2052 133 39,000

These figures, though not spectacular as the altitude changes and speed must have been above 2000 knots and speeds I do not beiieve capable of the aircraft then in the air.

AT the instant of the drawing the target moved in a direct straight line but as I observed it, it seemed to be climbing and diving with purpose,

UNCLASSIFIED DECLASSIFIED AFTER 15 YEARS DOD DIR 5200-10

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

UNCLASSIFIED

six minutes period listed above to a 123°, 37 miles 31,000 feet where
is faded for the night from the OPS-4.

The OPS-5 was very accurate on its particular night which was
apparent to the pilots in the vicinity. They could follow it through two
passes off the OPS-5. The GPA-1/OPS-4, which is amore erratic piece
of equipment, would not follow through any positive manner for position
or altitude. I want over all possible error with which could be included
by AT/OPS-4 error equisively to be excluded.

We are continuing investigation at this station.
I have been a radar pilot since 12 Apr 43, and have been assigned
to controller duties for approximately 2 years.

Ewen E. Pomeroy
1st Lt, USAF

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS: 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED COST: $

- page 7 -

The image appears to contain a photograph, but no photograph is visible in the provided image. The image is a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a "PROJECT GRUDGE" Unconventional Type Aircraft (Unexaplained "Balls" on Radar Scope Caused by Metallic Targets) SPECIAL INQUIRY.

Text output from the document:

CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

50-CSI/mil/ann

14 March 1950

SUBJECT: "PROJECT GRUDGE" Unconventional Type Aircraft
(Unexplained "Balls" on Radar Scope Caused by
Metallic Targets)
SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO: Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
ATTN: NOIAS

The attached copies of a spot report regarding the above subject,
dated 10 March 1950, are forwarded for your information and file.

1 Incl
Spot Rpt dtd 10 Mar 50
(in dup)

JAMES F. P. O'CONNELL
Lt Colonel, USAF
District Commander

1st Ind
Headquarters AMC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio.
TO: The Inspector General, USAF, 5th District Office of Special
Investigations, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio.

1. This Command is desirous of further information from the standpoint of radar:
a. Would like to know the type of radar equipment used.
b. Also would like to know what the weather conditions (in
detail) were during the period in question and immediately preceding.

ANALYSIS DIVISION FILE: Did fighter planes observe anything unusual, or did they
report any unusual turbulence in the area?

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. However, the text in the document is as follows:

CONFIDENTIAL
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

The Commanding General, USAF
25th District (INTEL) Springfield, Illinois
Box 225, APO, Detroit 3, Michigan

10 March 1950

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT

SUBJECT: Unconventional Type Aircraft 
(Unexplained "Blips" on Radar)
Sighted Ground by Tactical Targets)

TO:     Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters United States Air Force 
Washington 25, D.C.
ATTN: Counter Intelligence Division

1. SYNOPSIS: 1st Lt. FRANK K. HATHCOCK, 10-19213, radar operator and Capt. C.W. DALY, 0-678576, pilot, both of the 6th Fighter Wing, did on 9 March 1950 observe in radar scope "blips" or "objects" that could not be identified. The "blip" was of an unconventional type aircraft, exceeded the performance of any known aircraft, and appeared to be controlled by HARRISON and PARKER.

2. DETAILS: At 1925 hours on 9 March 1950, the Ground Control Intercept Section of the 6th Fighter Wing at Selfridge Air Force Base, Michigan, received a report from Lt. HATHCOCK that he had observed a "blip" on the GCI radar scope which did not fit the characteristics of any known type of aircraft. Capt. DALY, the pilot, also observed the same "blips" on his airborne radar scope.

Capt. DALY was immediately scrambled to investigate this unknown target. However, when he reached the area, the "blips" had disappeared. Capt. DALY reported that the "blips" were different from any aircraft he was familiar with. The estimated speed was approximately 500 knots, and the estimated altitude was 25,000 feet. The "blips" were observed for approximately 15 minutes. No sound or exhaust was observed, and the "blips" made abrupt changes in direction.

The incident is considered to be of extreme importance, and further investigation is considered necessary. HARRISON and PARKER, the Counter Intelligence Officers, have been informed.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
CONFIDENTIAL

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

CONFIDENTIAL
30 MAR 50
Subject: Unidentified Flying Object ("Fireball") Sighted by Lieutenant Homer E. Harris, Lt. USAF, Saw Selfridge AFB, Michigan.

1. PARKER, 1st Lt. PARKER requested that the report in the log verified and describing the events of 10 March 1950 be forwarded to this office. This report indicates that Lt. Homer E. Harris, Operations Officer, 57th Fighter Interceptor Squadron, Selfridge AFB, Michigan, observed an unidentified flying object at approximately 1855 hours on 10 March 1950.

2. Lt. Harris was performing a routine training flight in a P-51 type aircraft at an altitude of approximately 18,000 feet. At approximately 1855 hours, about 20 miles NW of Selfridge AFB, Lt. Harris observed a bright "fireball" type object pass his aircraft at an approximate speed of 4-500 knots. The object was described as round, brilliantly illuminated, and apparently metallic in appearance. It passed in front of the aircraft from right to left, disappearing in the distance in a few seconds. Lt. Harris stated that the size of the object appeared to be approximately 20-30 feet in diameter and that it left no trail or exhaust.

3. Both PARKER and HATCOCK are agreed that the appearance and disappearance of this unidentified "fireball" type object to be of considerable interest. Apparently such sightings could be of major importance in view of the increasing interest and concern regarding Unidentified Aerial Phenomena. It is requested that this report be forwarded to the Commanding General, Air Material Command, for appropriate action.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

CONFIDENTIAL

- page 10 -

