The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 August 50 20/2000 Z
SOURCE: Civilian
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
COURSE: 330°
PHOTOS: Yes
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (METEOR)
Evaluated as a meteor observation.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was like a ball of fire, white-grey tail. Three times or faster than jet aircraft traveling from NE to SW.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report related to a UFO sighting.

Telephone call from Mr. _________, Astoria, Washington
Brief details:
- Time: About 9:00 p.m.
- Place: North of Astoria
- Shape: Like ball of fire - bluish-gray
- Duration: Appeared to move to bank, then back again, could be varying distance
- Speed: Slower than jet airplanes
Comment: 1st class address and sound questionable by details.
Only a few questions to further inquire
4/11/50

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a newspaper clipping with text describing a "Brilliant Meteor Seen By Many Here Saturday" that was reported by the Associated Press.

Brilliant Meteor Seen 
By Many Here Saturday

A brilliant meteor seen in broad daylight was reported by a number of Tacoma residents who were amazed to see such a sight shortly after the moon Saturday. 
Among the callers to The Tacoma Tribune office was Frank A. Reds of 5019 So. L. who said he saw the meteor's "silver streak" that looked like a rocket streak and left a trail.
As they watched, it turned downward and disappeared.
D. J. Moran of 9804 American Ave. S.W. said he saw an oblong object, shining down behind some trees, and he thought it to be a crashing plane.
Others described it in various terms, some thinking of it as a flying saucer, but all here who saw it were unanimous that it appeared luminous and of high speed. 
Tacoma, however, was not the only point of vantage to see the celestial visitor as it was witnessed generally over the entire Northwest. Following is a report:

Russian Furs 
Carried Back

NEW YORK, Aug. 19 - A shipment of $15,000 worth of Russian furs refused unloaded was still aboard the ship today despite a 24-hour deadline imposed by longshore-men.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph contained in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Aug 7 1950
Emilys Eyes Can Spot
Elephants or Fireballs?
There was a possibility that things in the sky were able to be seen through the eyes of a young girl named Emily, who claimed she could see "fireballs" or "elephants" in the sky during the coming years.
A wide and widewide
Chevrolet alone
and at the

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Congress of the United States
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.
July 21, 1958

Dr. A. Francis Arcier
Scientific Advisor
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Ohio

Dear Dr. Arcier:

How very kind you have been to me in taking your valuable time to investigate and report back to me concerning the bright August day in 1950. I saw reflected in Puget Sound on that bright August day in 1950.

Never in my life had I heard of a fireball. Now I feel superior to my friends in that not only do I know what one is, but also I am among the few who have seen one. In addition, I can, from now on, relate this experience from my own observation of it.

With your permission, I shall use a substantial part of your letter in my weekly Sunday column to the Tacoma (Wash.) News Tribune, probably next week. I shall send you a clipping.

Again, many thanks for this great privilege to have met you and I sincerely hope our paths may somehow bring us together again.

Sincerely yours,
[signature]
Public Relations Assistant

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, specifically a letter from A. Francis Arcier, the Scientific Advisor, to Mrs. Walker. The letter discusses information that was provided previously and states that there are no objections to sharing it in a regular Sunday column. The letter is dated 24 July 1958.

Public Relations Assistant 
Office of the Honorable Thor C. Tollefson 
6th District, Washington
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.

Dear Mrs. Walker:

Thank you very much for your kind letter of 21 July. 

The information given you is in no way classified, so there is no objection to your using it in your regular Sunday column.

I will be very glad indeed to receive a clipping.

Sincerely,

A. FRANCIS ARCIER
Scientific Advisor

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report regarding a UFO sighting.

AFCIN-2328
Eugenie Hall, Acting Assistant
Office of the Honorable Thor C. Tollefson
5th District, Washington
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.

Dear Miss Walker:

Here is my reply to your letter of 27 June 1950 regarding an unusual sighting observed by you and others in the Tacoma area and other parts of Washington on the 30th of August 1950.

Our records indeed indicate that there was a UFO reported from Washington State, and at precisely this time on 30 August 1950. Our records of investigation and analysis indicate the following:

a. The object was a solid, metallic phenomenon, as is it not unusual for such unexplainable metallic craft to be observed.
b. The object was an extremely high speed and altitude, more commonly known as a Fireball. These objects are quite common in our atmosphere.
c. The identity of the object was confirmed by the independent observation of private individuals.

A point of explanation is in order here, as we generally do not have more definitive information on these types of phenomena. Objects in the earth's upper atmosphere can, but do not always, produce a large, glowing image intact as a large, flowing mass until they disintegrate at lower levels. These bodies soon appear very often during meteoric showers. Records indicate that the majority of people have an encounter with one, and an encounter with one can indeed be a startling experience.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a project blue book document.

The Project of Project of Pennsylvania under Dr. Robert R. Menner has been carrying out research on certain portions of the so-called "scientific aspects" of fireballs. As may find of interest, which, I am told, some 35-year survey, the largest number of meteors and fireballs appear in August.

The incidents to which you so kindly want me is so similar to the "fireball" incident of 1957 which drew nation-wide notice from the press, radio and TV, the fireballs were observed by hundreds of persons, including pilots in the air, simultaneously from six states.

I need hardly state that such a large number of observers are still firmly convinced that what they observed was no ordinary fireball.

May I again thank you for the courtesies extended the Air Force representatives and for your sincere interest and understanding in the matter.

Sincerely yours,

A. FRANCIS ARCHER 
Scientific Advisor

COORDINATION:
AFCIN-4-4rne DATE: 
AFCIN-4rk DATE:
AFCIN-4re DATE:

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a scanned document, but there is no photograph present. The text in the document is as follows:

2 July 1958

Public Relations Assistant
Office of the Honorable Thor C. Tollefson
6th District, Washington
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.

Dear Miss Walker:

I was very glad indeed to get your letter of the 27th of June.
As a matter of fact, I had been looking for it.

I have had the investigation of this particular case started,
and I will, as soon as possible, send you the findings.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my appreciation
for the very courteous treatment which we received from your
entire group.

Sincerely yours,

A. FRANCIS ARCIER
Scientific Advisor

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the United States House of Representatives, dated June 27, 1958, addressed to Dr. Francis Arcier at the Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio.

The text in the document is as follows:

Congress of the United States
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.
June 27, 1958

Dr. Francis Arcier
ATIC
Wright Patterson Airforce Base
Ohio

Dear Dr. Arcier:

Perhaps you will remember me as being the only woman who was present at the briefing in which you participated on June 20, in the office of Congressman John E. Henderson of Ohio. I was there representing Congressman Tollefson who was out of town.

You will find enclosed photostatic copies of two articles which appeared in the Washington News & Sunday Radar. These give the details regarding the incident to which the briefing session pertained.

The Article which appeared August 20, 1950, was printed the day following the one was - when I wrote the article which you appended a letter.

You very kindly offered to look back in the files and try to determine for me what it is you recall and/or explanation the Airforce has on this incident. I shall be looking forward to hearing from you on this matter.

Sincerely yours,
(Signature)
Public Relations Ass't

- page 10 -

