There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

ATIC NO. --------
AF NO. --------
REPORT NO. --------
DATE OF REPORT --------
TITLE OF SIGHTING --------
SHAPE: --------
SIZE: --------
COURSE: --------
NO. IN GROUP: --------
BOUND: --------
PHOTOS: yes not in file(SKETCHES -----)
Temporary ATIC Form 329 (2 Jan 52)

LOCATION: Knoxville, Tenn. (Oak Ridge)
SOURCE: MANY
DATE IN TO ATIC: --------
COLOR: --------
SPEED: --------
ALTITUDE: --------
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Ground
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground
MANEUVERS: --------
Radar sighting believed to be spurious since fighter interceptors failed to make any contacts. Ground sightings by various observers very in descriptions (RADAR MALFUNCTION)

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document titled "SUMMARY OF INFORMATION" related to a UFO sighting over Oak Ridge, Tennessee on 12 and 13 October 1950.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

SUBJECT: 113th CIC Detachment, FAO # 8, P. O. Box 379, Knoxville, Tennessee
OBJECT SIGHTED: OVER OAK RIDGE, TENN.

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION:
The night of 12 and 13 October 1950, after 2325 hours on 12 October 1950, the Security Patrol at the Atomic Energy Commission Plant, Oak Ridge, Tennessee, reported seeing a bright light maneuvering at approximately 190 degrees, 1500 - 3000 feet altitude, at 100 to 125 miles per hour. The radar sightlights simultaneously called the Security Command to inform them that there was no report of any aircraft flying in the vicinity of Y-12. AEC 2330 wing, stationed at Knoxville, Tennessee, was notified. All weather flights were grounded as no known aircraft were airborne in the area. The "scrambled" fighter was airborne at 2339 and shortly thereafter the first radar target was detected. The fighter pilot advised that no object was visible to the control tower as the object recorded on all three occasions neither the pilot nor the observer saw any object visually and no object was sighted in the pilot mirrors or radar screen. At 0010 hours on 13 October 1950 the fighter had to return to its base due to fuel shortage, approximately 5 shown on the control radar screen.
The Central Officer at the Knoxville Radar Station stated that the radar targets were approximately the size of a small aircraft and that the "pips" would increase and decrease in intensity making the target assemble, alternatively, into a V-shaped and a circular pattern and did not show the normal characteristics of an aircraft due to high and low intensity, at approximately the same altitude, and flying in the similar magnetic course. Summary of other air Defense Command, Control Center, Selfridge Field, Detroit, Michigan, was notified. Capt. Summerell advised that there were no practice missions scheduled in this area. At 0210 hours, the Eastern Air Defense Command headquarters, Stewart Air Force Base, Newburgh, N.Y., was advised of the existing conditions and that investigators would be sent after daylight.
At approximately 1400 hours, 13 October 1950, investigators from the Eastern Air Defense Command Office of Special Investigations, Security Division, Armed Forces at the Oak Ridge Security, had been advised, some of which were technical advisers in radar sightings. Several theories were rejected due to improbability.
It was note concluded that unidentified aircraft were responsible for these radar sightings because before the second group appeared on the screen, the Security Patrol of the Oak Ridge Tennessee, had been advised and no unidentified aircraft were visible.

DISTRIBUTION: 1. to Commanding General, Third Army
                     2. to CIC Knoxville, Tennessee 
                     3. to FBI, Knoxville, Tennessee

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text produced from OCR:

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

PREPARED FOR: CIO Detachment, FACU 8, P. O. Box 379, Knoxville, Tennessee

SUBJECT: OBJECTS SIGHTED OVER OAK RIDGE, TENN.

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION:
Were on the alert for any unusual occurrences. Atomic Energy Commission officials advised that fighters from Donaldson Air Force Base were scrambled. Further, the lack of balloons, rocks or birds, flying objects from the vicinity of Oak Ridge, Tennessee, that were rejected with good reason.

An officer at the Knoxville radar site and an officer from the Eastern Air Defense Command stated that they have seen such a pattern on their scopes. They concluded that this pattern could have been caused by atmospheric or technical interference.

SOURCE: Major R. C. Care, Capt. W. Akin, Lt. Clevenger, (Knoxville Radar Site), Lt. Wolf (Pilot of fighter aircraft), Eastern Air Defense Command Representatives, Special Agent and an official of the Security Division, Atomic Energy Commission, Oak Ridge, Tennessee.

DISTRIBUTION:
1 to CG, Third Army 
1 to CGI, Knoxville, Tennessee
1 to FBL, Knoxville, Tennessee

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, featuring handwritten text.

Extracting the text from the image using OCR (Optical Character Recognition):

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO
Nay  9, 1950
WKNOXVILLE, TENN OAE RIDGE, TENN.
SUBJECT: REPORT OF UNUSUAL AERIAL OBJECT
TO: COMMANDING GENERAL
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO

1. THE FOLLOWING IS A REPORT CONCERNING AN AERIAL OBJECT OBSERVED OVER OAK RIDGE, TENN., ON MAY 7, 1950.

2. ON MAY 7, 1950, AT 1630 HOURS, MR. H. G. WHITE, EMPLOYED AT THE Y-12 PLANT, OAK RIDGE, TENN., OBSERVED AN UNUSUAL OBJECT IN THE SKY WHILE STANDING IN FRONT OF BUILDING 9204, Y-12 PLANT. HIS ATTENTION WAS ATTRACTED TO THE OBJECT BY THE FLASHING LIGHTS WHICH APPEARED TO BE COMING FROM IT.

3. MR. WHITE STATES THAT THE OBJECT WAS CIRCULAR IN SHAPE AND APPEARED TO BE SILVER IN COLOR. IT WAS TRAVELLING IN A NORTHERLY DIRECTION AT A GREAT SPEED AND IT WAS OBSERVED FOR APPROXIMATELY TWO MINUTES.

Harlo Gruaige

- page 4 -

There is no photograph contained in this image. The image shows a redacted or classified document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document appears to contain text, but much of it has been redacted or obscured, making it difficult to read or extract any meaningful information.

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

THE INSPECTOR GENERAL
D. IAOING D. U.S.F.F. EVERS
DEPUTY INSPECTOR GENERAL

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old project blue book UFO report document. There is no photograph visible in this particular image - it appears to be a text-based document with heavy redactions or censoring. 

Performing OCR on the text in the document, the output is:

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
[Heavily redacted text]
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document with heavily redacted or obscured text, making it difficult to make out any specific details.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a heavily redacted or blacked out document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) between 1947 and 1969. The document text is mostly obscured, with only a few words and phrases visible, such as "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph or visual content. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with redacted text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I can extract the following text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document with the word "UNCLASSIFIED" printed at the top and bottom of the page.

UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an unclassified report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

DATE: 10-9-50
FROM: AD-AFDRD-SECURITY
TO: DIR CONFIDENTIAL FILE 
SUBJECT: SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS 
NEAR OAK RIDGE, TENN.

ON 10-9-50 AT APPROXIMATELY 2045 HOURS LT, TWO PERSONS OBSERVED FOUR UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS OVER THE OAK RIDGE AREA. THE OBJECTS APPEARED TO BE TRAVELLING IN A NORTH-WESTERLY DIRECTION AT A HIGH RATE OF SPEED. THEY WERE DESCRIBED AS CIRCULAR IN APPEARANCE AND EMITTING A BRIGHT BLUISH-WHITE LIGHT. THEY WERE OBSERVED FOR APPROXIMATELY FIVE MINUTES BEFORE DISAPPEARING FROM VIEW.

THIS REPORT IS FORWARDED FOR YOUR INFORMATION.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. This appears to be a typed text document, likely an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD

PROBLEM
1. To inform the Air Staff of action being taken to investigate operational difficulties encountered in the operation of the early warning radar of the Continental Air Command at Knoxville, Tennessee.  

FACTS AND DISCUSSION
2. On 1 Dec 50, the Aircraft Section, AFOIV-V/TO, conferred with three officers from the Atomic Energy Plant, Oak Ridge, Tennessee. These officers were: Lt B. H. O. Dickinson, II, AFIT, Oak Ridge, Tennessee; Maj J. C. Earley, AFIT, Oak Ridge Representative, Oak Ridge, Tennessee; and Maj E. E. Robertson, AEC, Engineering Field Office, Oak Ridge, Tennessee. They were accompanied by Lt J. F. H. Lee, AFOIV.
3. A letter from Hq Third Army, subject: "Unconventional Aircraft," was discussed with them. These officers provided additional information on events occurring since 13 Oct 50. It appears that some form of unidentified radar phenomena has occurred at Oak Ridge which gives false targets on the screen. The discussion indicated that the false returns were due to weather. It was stated in the last Red Indian progress report that the difficulties are due either to:
a. Chemical impurities in the air  
b. Radioactive particles
c. Some form of radar phenomena.
4. The above-mentioned officers from Oak Ridge did not consider it necessary to inform the Department of the Army of the radar difficulties now being encountered until they could follow suggestions given to them during the discussion.
5. On Saturday, 2 Dec 50, approximately 1500 hours, Lt Col Willis was contacted by the USAF D/I Duty Officer concerning this problem. Maj J. P. Robertson and Brig Gen Bradner's office had been referred to the Duty Officer by General Bradley's office for a further discussion of the reports. Lt Col Willis called Maj J. P. Robertson again to determine what additional information could be furnished. Maj Robertson had no additional information. In view of the urgency of the problem, the Duty Officer at this time directed that a most practical thing to do at the moment, if it were of a serious nature, would be to request the Army to furnish a mobile radar unit capable of conducting an immediate investigation.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION
DATE: 24 October 1950
FROM: P.O. Box 379, Knoxville, Tennessee
SUBJECT: UNOTS SIGHTED OVER OAK RIDGE, TENNESSEE

The summary of information includes details about multiple unidentified objects sighted over Oak Ridge, Tennessee. It mentions that the objects were observed by various reliable sources, including the U.S. Air Force Radar and Fighter Squadrons in Knoxville, Tennessee. The report describes the objects as being unconventional, maneuvering in unusual ways, and exhibiting peculiar weather conditions, reflections, and flight characteristics that were of concern to officials at the Atomic Energy Commission.

The report also mentions that an attempt was made to photograph one of the objects, but the object appeared as a water spot on the photograph, leading some officials to question the veracity of the observations.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned document titled "SUMMARY OF INFORMATION UNCLASSIFIED" dated 21 October 1950. The document contains detailed information about various reported sightings of objects over Oak Ridge, Tennessee between June 1947 and October 1950.

TEXT OUTPUT:

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION UNCLASSIFIED
DATE: 21 October 1950

PREPARING OFFICE: 
RAO e, F. O. Box 379, Knoxville, Tennessee 

SUBJECT: OBJECTS SIGHTED OVER OAK RIDGE, TENNESSEE

CODE FOR USE IN INDIVIDUAL PARAGRAPH EVALUATION
OF INFORMATION:

CONFIRMED BY OTHER SOURCES...............................................A
FAIRLY RELIABLE...........................................................B 
NOT UNUSUALLY RELIABLE...................................................C
RELIABILITY UNKNOWN......................................................D
POSSIBLY TRUE.............................................................E
DOUBTFULLY TRUE..........................................................F
IMPROBABLE................................................................G
TRUTH CANNOT BE JUDGED..................................................H

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION:

This statement. They also believe it significant that the Air Force did not return the negatives of this points.

Following is a chronological summary of the reported events which have occurred at Oak Ridge, Tennessee.

19 June 1947 - Objects photographed as flying objects at Oak Ridge, Tenn. The 5 objects were found to be Blimps According to a Military Source. 

20 June 1949 - At 1900 hours Mr. and Mrs. Sighted three objects at Oak Ridge, Tennessee, similar to SUBJECT.

1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 March 1950 - Mr. reported peculiar readings on his "silent radar". These objects were encountered at approximately the same time of day which is similar to SUBJECT. (Refer: Summary of Information, SUBJECT: Unidentified Objects Over Oak Ridge vicinity, dated 6 March 1950.)

12 October 1950 - 2325 hours - Knoxville Airport Radar Unit indicated a series of unidentified objects over the Cumberland Mountains at Oak Ridge. (Inclosure #1)

12 October 1950 - 2347 Fighter aircraft was at the position of the radar target and made three perfect interceptions but could see nothing. (Incl. #1)

13 October 1950-0000 to 0100 hours. Additional Radar plots as before. (Incl. #1)

13 October 1950 hours. Major, accompanied by his daughter, heard unexplained sounds.

15 October 1950-1517 hours. Fighter plane made unsuccessful passes at a good radar target for (4) miles from the East Boundary (Kerr Hollow Gate).

15 October 1950-1520 hours. SUBJECT seen at Kerr Hollow Gate by Troopers. 4 circular objects at an estimated 500 to 600 feet altitude. (Coordinates 62, 70, 11)

15 October 1950-1520 hours. Radar scope at McGhee-Tyson Airport indicate unidentified targets. (Inclosure # 4)

DISTRIBUTION:
2 06 Commanding General, 3rd Army                1 cc OSIF, McGhee-Tyson ATC
1 00 Lt. Col Harrik, Jr., Hq. 3rd Army            1 cc Lt. Col. Lowe SRD, OCGO, Knoxville, Tenn
1 00 Sec. Div. AGO                                1 00 USAF, Oak Ridge, Tennessee
WD AGO  56a

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION
16 October 1950-1430 to 1530 hours: Objects seen by Troopers (Unclassified)
16 October 1950-1520 hours: Radar scope at McGhee-Tyson Airport giving unintelligible readings. (Inclosure #4)
16 October 1950-1950 to 2000 hours: NEPA Guards, (Inclosure # 7) and report.

SOURCES:
1st Lt N. W. FITE, Jr., 25th Weather Station, Air Defense, (Knoxville Radar Site);
Special Agent CSI, Officials of Security Division, Atomic Energy Commission, Oak Ridge, Tennessee;
Lt Colonel H. T. MORGAN, AEC Security Patrol, Commission Security Technicians.
FARREL Bureau of Investigation, Officials of Security Branch, NEPA, Oak Ridge, Tennessee.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page of text from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

FIELD AREA OFFICE #5
P.O. BOX 579
OAK RIDGE, TENN.
UNCLASSIFIED

19 October 1950

The following accounts of activity at the Radar Operations Section, of Detachment 2, 505th AC&W Squadron, Knoxville, Tennessee, is extracted from their official report dated 13 October 1950.

Other pertinent information was submitted in a previous Summary of Information, Subject: Objects Sighted Over Oak Ridge, Tennessee, dated 13 October 1950.

"At 0015 EST on 12 October 1950, a first target, M-17 at 25-30 miles, appeared at 270 degree radial. Then at 0023, a second target, M-17 at 35-40 miles, appeared at 315 degree. These targets appeared and faded in rapid succession (within 2-3 minutes)."

"Called ATC; they had no report of an Aircraft at this time - 0023."

"Notified Atlanta; they had no flight plans on anything coming from that direction."

"Arrow (Fighter Aircraft) airborne at 2330 E.S.T. and vectored on 250 degrees; Angels (Altitude) 2500. There were three perfect intercepts on the scope on N-35, but no joy (Fighter Aircraft made no contact)."

"Very shortly after pancake, various targets again appeared through the area. They gave good paints (Targets) on the Radar Scope but faded completely at times and then would reappear."

"TAPE still had no report for us, but had alerted all guards and were beginning to get suspicious out in case they were needed."

"We did not report these additional plots to Nobody (Call sign for Air Defense Command Control Center, Selfridge Field, M.I.). Until October (Call Sign Orlando) called in Summers at this time and explained that the same Radar Race (activity on the Radar Scope) had been noted but considered of no importance at the time."

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

19 October 1950

Command, Stewart Air Field, Newburgh, New York) - He called back and said the only information was to determine if the object could have been a reflection.

"Targets were appearing with some regularity and proceeding South."

"They all traveled at a speed of between 100 and 155 miles per hour, held good heading and disappearing at various intervals, North of Clinton and faded right at the area line. Reappearance of this target at last coast on the same course 182 degrees was 5 (eight) miles inside area." This target faded after three sweeps (Revolutions two minutes).

"The tracks varied at time from one applicable to very light." (C (aircraft) up to 1/c of the C-47 variety (Meaning the reflected intensity of Radar waves made the target appear at first like a small aircraft and then like a large one)).

"We operated both on High Beam and Low Beam and picked up the same tracks."

"All traveled at the same approximate speed and general course. During the night this course, spread from 170 degrees to 230 degrees (magnetic compass heading)."

"At 0210 E.S.T., called Captain Summers at Nobody, he called EADF, Captain Hutchinson, and received permission to release fighters to normal status."

AGENTS NOTES: This document was signed by the Radar Controller on duty at the time of these occurrences.

THIS IS A CERTIFIED TRUE EXTRACT COPY:

- page 17 -

The image appears to contain a map or diagram depicting the "Boundary of Restricted Flying Zone over Oak Ridge, Tennessee". The map shows several geographic coordinates and features, including the "McGhee Tyson Airport". There is no photograph present in this image.

Boundary of Restricted Flying 
Zone over Oak Ridge, Tennessee
320
300
270
02y
260
240
210
180
100
090
060
040
McGhee Tyson Airport
Page one (1) to Enclosure #2 UNCLASSIFIED
CERTIFIED TRUE COPY:
508-111807-A

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED
16 October 1950
Description of object seen by Atomic Energy Commission Security Patrol Trooper at about 1230 hours on 12 October 1950, at (13) thousand feet, as reported by persons at Oak Ridge Institute of Nuclear Studies, Oak Ridge, Tenn:
The object was sighted at about 1230 hours on 12 October 1950, at (15) thousand feet, by an Atomic Energy Commission Security Patrol Trooper who was in a vehicle on the road between Knoxville and Oak Ridge, Tenn. When first seen, the object was estimated to be approximately one-fourth (1/4) of a mile long. The object then appeared to contract, and the "trail" followed the object. "It" then appeared to take the shape of a large ball, and then appeared to break into several smaller parts which scattered and seemed to fall. The object was a metallic color and reflected the sun. The entire incident lasted about two to three minutes. The object was reported via telephone that this object was a "falling object" as the object descended to land and then took off again. Attempts to approach the object, but when he got within fifty (50) feet of it, the object moved toward the Southeast at a high rate of speed, like a jet aircraft, and the witness was unable to keep the object in view. The Gatlinburg Air Force post was notified, and they stated they had no reports of jet flights in that area. No other reports have been received. UNCLASSIFIED

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED 
(Page 2 of Inclosure # 3)
and - were any witnesses? Captain of the - 48 Security Patrol, Oak Ridge, Tennessee. At no time were any noises heard. The Chief of the Oak Ridge Security Division, stated that all these persons were security guards and members of the same when questioned separately, except that Itmer had been the closest and was the only person to actually see the object. The others were near him at the same time except that he did not mention them personally seeing the object. Captain - stated that he was wearing his glasses at the time and his vision, with glasses, is 20/20 in the right eye, and 20/30 in the left eye.
Record indicates that he is one of the "better" and most respected members of the AOC Security Patrol. Nothing in his record indicates any weaknesses or peculiar inclinations.
It is stated that he would not have reported this incident if there had not been a witness. An investigation was sufficient to give information because of the fantastic nature of the incident.
Captain - stated that the object was only visible for a moment on its third appearance and stated that the object appeared to be round as it crossed the sky at a high rate of speed.
NOTES: The above information was obtained on 16 October 1950 from interviews with - (Supervisor Security Section), University of Tennessee, Chief of Atomic Energy Commission Security Division, Atomic Energy Commission, and Captain - of the Oak Ridge Security Patrol.
In addition, the Atomic Energy Commission Security Division took Geiger counters to the scene of the incident but could find no reading.

- page 20 -

The image appears to contain a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings. The document appears to be an unclassified report dated October 18, 1950, detailing a UFO sighting over Oak Ridge, Tennessee.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
18 October 1950

The following accounts of activity at the Radar Operations Section of the Detachment 4, 502d AC&W Squadron, Knoxville, Tenn. on the night of 12 - 13 October 1950:

[Summary of Information, Subject: Objects Sighted Over Oak Ridge, Tennessee, dated 18 October 1950]

"Prior to this report, (report by AEC patrolman) we had a recurrence of targets like Thursday night (midnight 12 - 13 October 1950) - we had some scramble each time of aircraft and made several good passes, but heading of 160 degrees (Magnetic North). Apparently only two or three aircraft were involved and other aircraft are not supposed to fly). Our fighter worked from 2500 to 5000 feet for approximately 30 to 40 minutes per pass. Every characteristic was the same as before except that the speed was slower.

There was nothing on the scope (Radar Scope) at the location of this strange object (the location was called in by 'tel observers' at Oak Ridge).

The strange visitor was reported to Captain Cole at Moody (Call sign for Air Defense Command Control Center, Goddfige Field, Ala.) who carried through to Hq (Headquarters) 4708 (Air Defense Command). This action were (was) to put a patrol over the area, which was done.

The observers state: "we chartered a patrol and later Captain Cole called." There was nothing in the sky except a large flock of birds, which were painting, (giving image on the Radar Scope). This was estimated to be between 200 and 300. This was at 7000 feet. His patrol up until 1730 E.S.T., when I left duty, ranged from a low level pair to 7000 feet.

He was vectored after several well painted targets, but saw nothing.

PAID sent a list of questions to be answered by the observers. These answered questions concerned aspect, speed, time, sky, and terrain conditions, altitude, when smoke disappeared, etc.

This report was signed by _______________, Controller at the Radar Site, at the time of these occurrences.

CERTIFIED TRUE EXTRACT:
[Signature]

UNCLASSIFIED

(Page 1 of Inclosure # 4)

- page 21 -

This page from a Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

FCR 03-514
(APRIL 1950)

UNCLASSIFIED

This document contains information affecting the National Defense of the United States. Its transmission or the disclosure of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited and may result in severe criminal penalties under applicable Federal Laws.

Incident Report No. 1&amp;-5O
Date: 10-16-5O
Time: 1:30 P.M.

CLASSIFICATION TROOPER LOCATION
Flying Object Blair Gate
PERSON INVOLVED
Trooper: BADGE NO.
Trooper: 212
156

REMARKS:
At approximately 1:30 P.M., on October 16, 1950, while working at Blair Gate, I saw an object in the sky over R-25 traveling in a straight line and going very fast. The object was white and seemed to be the size of a baseball at the distance it was from me. It seemed to be very high.

At exactly 2:55 P.M. on October 16, 1950, the object disappeared from the northeast at a considerably lower altitude and traveling a lot slower than before. I stopped a car which was coming in the gate in order to witness the object. As I watched the object, I pointed it out to the driver and Hank, who were coming in to work. I watched the object for several minutes. This object was slowly circling in a wide circle and spinning very fast, the color changed slightly around the edges. The object drifted towards the northwest and then suddenly shot straight up into the northeast and going very fast. We watched the object disappear into the northeast.

This information was phoned in to Headquarters immediately by the undersigned. About fifteen minutes after the object disappeared into the northeast, an F-82 Fighter plane showed up in the area where the object was last seen but a appeared to be thousands of feet higher than the object reported.

Distribution: 
1 - Callaghan
2 - Chief Davis' File
3 - L&T & Tec. File

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Memorandum for Record
radar tracking, both in azimuth and altitude. With this additional unit, the Oak Ridge ground control could be improved and a cross check could be made of the operation of the radar at Knoxville AFS base. In addition, it was recommended of AIr Weather Service, ADC, that they furnish meteorological data on 13 Oct 50 and 28 through 30 Nov 50.
On 3 Dec 50, Lt Col J. R. Brewer discussed the problem with Col Harris, who was responsible for the investigation of the case. He further stated that they were contacted by telephone and advised of the problem as it developed with this investigation.
On 4 Dec 50, Col Harris and Lt Col Willis conferred with Brig Gen Sage, directed that the Intelligence Department, ADC, be contacted by telephone and instructed to proceed immediately with the technical investigation and render whatever assistance was necessary to the CONAD and Atomic Energy Commission.
Col Harris called Col Dunn, AMC, and advised him that the investigation was primarily under the problem of the Radar Unit at Oak Ridge. It appeared necessary that qualified electronic experts be dispatched immediately to secure technical information and to advise the Radar Unit at Oak Ridge.
CONCLUSIONS
9. Col Dunn stated that the Department of Intelligence, AMC, would keep D/I USAF advised of progress in the investigation. The Technical Capabilities Branch will assist in the coordination of the results of the investigation with other government agencies.
ACTION RECOMMENDED
10. Approval of action taken instructing the Intelligence Department, AMC to dispatch electronic personnel to Oak Ridge plant of the Atomic Energy Commission.
COORDINATION
None

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

FORM OR-54A 
(APRIL 1950)
UNCLATION
This document contains information affecting the National Defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Act, U. S. C. 50; 31 and 32. Its transmission or the disclosure of its contents to an unauthorized person is prohibited and may result in severe criminal penalties under applicable Federal laws.
Closed
Date: 16-50
M. N. 
CLASSIFICATION
Flying Object
PERSON INVOLVED
PERSON INVOLVED 
Troop:REMARKS:
On October 16, 1950, at approximately 2:55 P. M., Trooper stopped us at this installation and showed us an object in the north that was traveling toward the northeast. It looked to be about 2,000 feet in the air and a white-reddish looking color. This object was at a high altitude and seemed to come in sight and then disappear. It looked about the size of a ball and seemed to every angle as we looked at it.
DISTRIBUTION:
1- Collation  
2 - Chief Davis' File
3- Mail & Rec. File
CERTIFIED TRUE COPY:
AEC, Oak Ridge, Tenn., 4-12-50-5000-41622

- page 24 -

The image contains no photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing an incident involving unidentified flying objects (UFOs) that was reported to the security section of the Oak Ridge National Laboratory on October 16, 1950.

Transcription of the text in the document:

19 October 1950

The "contract guards" at the guard the buildings on the ORML project were warned to be on the alert for possible sightings of objects in the sky. This warning was issued as a result of previous events concerning objects seen over Oak Ridge, but some of these events had apparently grounds during the evening of 16 October 1950.

Independent reports from different guards were received by the Security Section, ORML at Oak Ridge. These reports were submitted by guards and described by them as identical fly the same and described as similar to a jet fighter aircraft. Each noise lasted for about three and one half (3 1/2) seconds and would recur approximately every 40 to 50k hours on 16 October 1950. Each noise would sound like a jet plane which had increased its thrust almost vertical. None of the guards could see an object in the sky.

On 17 October 1950, Major Ronniger, Security Officer, Oak Ridge, Tennessee, returned from Nashville, Tennessee, and visited an official of the Security Division, Atomic Energy Commission, Oak Ridge, Tennessee. Major Ronniger was amazed when informed of the fantastic sights that some of the guards had seen on Oak Ridge during Monday and Tuesday, which had taken place except for the time about which he was being told (which had taken place on 16 October 1950 which he described as a noise at about 1450 hours on 16 October 1950 which he had heard a noise at about 1450 hours on 16 October 1950 which he had heard a noise at about 1450 hours on 16 October 1950). Major Ronniger, accompanied by his daughter, attempted to locate the father but could not verify whatever.

The Radar crew of Detachment #2, 662nd AC and W Squadron, McGhee Tyson Airport, Knoxville, Tennessee, did not have any change on their scope during either of these occurrences, according to Major R. 0. Carr.

NOTES: The above information was obtained on 17 October 1950 from Major F. E. Ronniger, Assistant Security Director, ORML, Oak Ridge, Tennessee, and Mr. George Gross, Deputy, NEPA, Oak Ridge, Tennessee, and John E. Davis, Agent, Counter-Intelligence Corps.

UNCLASSIFIED

(Page # 1 of Enclosure)

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a typed document with text only.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED                            20 October 1950 

The attached photographs were taken in June 1947 and represent a strange phenomena. One photograph was taken as it was travelling in the sky, and the other photograph was taken a few minutes before the second photograph, when the trail is visible. 

On 19 October 1950, the observer stated that this object was travelling in the same line of flight as the first object, and its distance appeared to be approximately over the hills in the background.

NOTE: Only one set of photographs is available.

UNCLASSIFIED
(Page 2 of Enclosure)

- page 26 -

There is a photograph present in this image, which appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

OCR text output:

The following is extracted from the files of the Security Patrol, Atomic Energy Commission, Oak Ridge, Tennessee. This report was originally an AEC report:

"1. At 1200 hours, 20 June 1949, Mr. at Oak Ridge, Tennessee, reported that at approximately 1200 hours on that date he and two other employees were standing outside the plant gates, and while gazing toward the southeast, over Oak Ridge, Tennessee, they observed three unidentified objects flying from the southeast. Mr. and his companions closely watched the objects until they came into closer view, and identified them. The third object was described as circular in shape, and silver in color, and appeared to be spinning. The third object was flat but did not have a flexible appearance. The third object was traveling at a very high speed, and appeared to be dark in color underneath, and bright on top. Their movements were erratic sometimes traveling at a very high speed and other times hovering or standing almost still. The third object appeared to have six separate sections, and seemed to change shape in a manner described as being flexible. The third object did not follow the wave-like movement of the first two objects, but maintained a level flight. There was no noise to indicate how these objects were being propelled.

"2. At 2000 hours, 20 June 1949, Mrs. at Oak Ridge, Tennessee, stated that her and her neighbor called her attention to the three flying objects sighted by her and three other children at approximately 1200 hours, 19 June 1949, and that she watched them for approximately 10 minutes. Mrs. described the objects as Mrs. ------, and that they appeared to be unconventional in shape.

"3. The witnesses of these objects are reputable people, and their statements are considered reliable. Mr. is a biologist with the ORINS, and Mrs. is a school teacher, and Mrs. is the wife of one of the members of the Security Division, Atomic Energy Commission, Oak Ridge, Tennessee."

CERTIFIED TRUE EXTRACT COPY:
/s/ [Signature]

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED
16 OCTOBER 1950

A. L. Rydmeski, Acting Assistant Chief, Security Division
REPORT OF MYSTERIOUS FLYING OBJECT

SYMBOLS: S:AIR

Pursuant to receipt of a report from ------, Oak Ridge Patrol, indicating that a mysterious flying object was observed in the vicinity of the Callaghan entrance, I, F. Callaghan, Acting Chief, Security Division, AEC, CRO, in the presence of A. L. Rydmewski, Security Agent, Major Construction Company, at approximately 10:15 p.m., October 15, 1950, which is under investigation by the Atomic Energy Commission, Security Division and the Wackenhut Construction Company, perfecting an experiment employing the Wackenhut Construction Company's personnel.

Highclimber gave the following account of his observations: He was wearing checker hollow entrance to the Oak Ridge Controlled Area, when he observed a white light approaching from the north-west direction and noticed a white spot in the sky. He said it was "awful high" and appeared to be traveling in a westerly direction toward the plant area. He noted that the sky was clear and the object was merely white, giving no trail or smoke, and appeared to have no appendages. He observed the object for about 2 minutes and concluded on his way to notify the white object.

When asked what he thought of the object, Highclimber related that his first impression was that it might be a toy balloon, because it looked quite similar to a balloon which one of the neighborhood girls was playing with. The sure of the size or shape of the object, however, he indicated by hand gesture that it might have been about 6 inches in diameter and probably was in the shape of a disc or ball.

He told him that the guard and civilians appeared to be excited and that it moved in such a manner that they tried to call his attention to look at the object. He stated that the guard and civilians suddenly ascended at an angle to the point where they were observing it at the time. He stated that the guarded seemed to look at the object, just to make sure that he was not merely imagining he was seeing things.

UNCLASSIFIED

(Page # 1 of Enclosure # 1-3)

- page 28 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Transcribed text from the document:

The file stated that as far as he knows his eye-sight is good and that he only had to use glasses for reading purposes. He had his eyes tested about 2 years ago by Dr. Grubb in Knoxville, Tennessee, at which time his physical examination showed that he had taken 2 standard drivers licenses eye tests about 3 years ago at the Mason firm. 

It stated that the only other persons be when he mentioned seeing the object was a guard stationed at Gate Two to the K-29 plant.

Note: The Mason Guard was later identified as being Jack Laxton, who was subsequently lllll llltllllllllllit stated that a man was driving through the portal shortly after 3:00 p.m. and stopped to check with him for about 2 minutes. The man stated that he had a headache and that he had been observing an object in the sky which was called to his attention by a guard at the Kerr Hollow entrance. According to the further details supplied, this sighting took place about 2:00 p.m. but it looked more or less like a toy balloon. However, he did mention something about flying objects later when this guard told him about two rrg-38s flying over the plant area.

Note: Other individuals who had observed the object were identified as AEC Patrolman E. of the Y-12 Plant and J. of the Y-12 Farm.

Hydrosklike

CERTIFIED TRUE COPY
BY: /s/ Illegible Signature
UNCLASSIFIED
(Page 2 of Inclosure - P.10)

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book incident report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Knoxville, Tenn
Incident Report UNCLASSIFIED 
Air Patrol

Incident report No. 1/2-50
Date: October 15, 1950
Time: 9:45 P.M.

Classification: Unidentified Flying Object
Troopers: E. D. Ryder
Location: Kerr Hollow

Person Involved: Address: Badge No.: Company
Blank
Person Involved: [Redacted] Address: Badge No.: Company
[Redacted]
UT Farm 1817, Mason 6631

I was stopped at Kerr Hollow gate where I was on duty October 15, 1950. [Redacted] and I observed what appeared to be a bright silvery light in the sky. The object appeared to be about the size of a quarter of a mile long. The smoke was grayish in color. The object failed to complete the outside loop. It went into the gate house to appear at a distance. I was making the phone call at about 9:50 P.M. when the object continued downward to the extent that a second object was involved in the middle along the smoke trail. The second object was the same size and shape and was about 50 feet behind the first object. The two objects appeared to be attached to each other and moved in a downward direction at this altitude, both objects changed to a bullet shape, also at this altitude, both objects began diminishing in size. During the entire incident, the angle of descent was about 60 yards from the catchouse toward Galway bridge. This was where the object had diminished to about 25 inches.

UNCLASSIFIED

(Page 1 of Inclosure # 1)

- page 30 -

The image appears to contain a typed report from Project Blue Book regarding a UFO sighting, but there is no photograph included in this particular document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Incident Report No. 11.22-50
The smoke trail had discontinued but there was a trail that had the appearance of a ribbon about 5 or 6 feet long. At times the trail lengthened to about 20 feet. This haze or ring, was dark in color and appeared to disappear. The trail did not show any distinct object. The object was still grayish white in color running down through the center of it. The main object was still grayish white and appeared to be elongated, but I could not determine its exact shape. As I moved southward about 15 feet, when I got to within 20 feet of it, the main object was brighter and lit up to about 12 feet then descended in a horizontal movement southward across the sky. As it descended, it appeared to swell and to follow a wavy or shallow motion where it again moved out of sight. After it passed over the willow tree, it changed its direction and continued in a southeasterly direction. As I watched, the object appeared to change shape and altitude. He was unable to see the object at first and returned to the gateway to make another observation. Continued his observation of the object and soon after I went into the house. The exhaust. However, sighted the object. The object was now appearing as an angle of about 45 degrees and assumed a pear or bladder shape. The object continued in this manner until it had passed from view and disappeared.

About five minutes later, Capt. I walked up and I could see the object again, same direction as before. He watched it again. The object was moving from west to east about 5 or 6 feet above the ground. Its speed was estimated to be about 20 miles per hour. I marked for Capt. Island from the gatehouse to points I had observed the object. As Capt. looked toward the east, he pointed and saw the object again. I could not locate it. Capt. estimated the object to be at about 45 degrees in a southeast direction. We saw it for about 60 seconds before it disappeared to a point shape at this time.

In about five more minutes, Capt. I saw it again about 20 degrees above the horizon lower and smaller. The object was moving west at about 20 miles per hour. It continued to move about 500 feet above the ground. This was the last time it appeared. None of us noticed any odor at any time.

When I first saw the object diving, its speed was very slow. It was much slower than a falling object. I noticed there was more vertical motion than horizontal motion. The object appeared to be under control, as the speed was much faster than the downward plant and it must have been increasing in size because as we observed it close as plain it appeared to be growing larger and about the same size as when observed up close.

The wind direction was north-northeast and 8 MPH, according to the Knoxville Weather Station.

CERTIFIED TRUE COPY:
[Signature]

UNCLASSIFIED
(Page 2 of Inclosure # 11)

- page 31 -

The image contains a newspaper clipping that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book document. There is no photograph visible in this image.

UNCLASSIFIED
A.JAGI-3 360.35 27 October 1950
SUBJECT: Unconventional Aircraft 
TO: Commanding General
Air Materiel Command
United States Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
Attention: MOI (Control No. A-13917)

Enclosed herewith is a newspaper clipping re objects sighted over Oak Ridge, Tennessee.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:
JOHN BEADE
Colonel, GSC
AC of S, G-2

1 Incl:
Clipping from KNOXVILLE JOURNAL, Knoxville, Tenn., dtd 26 Oct 50

- page 32 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image contains a newspaper clipping discussing saucer reports in Oak Ridge, Tennessee.

(Clipping from Knoxville Journal, dated 26 Oct 1950)

SAUCERS BOB UP AGAIN IN RIDGE REPORTS
By BILL ANDERSON
OAK RIDGE, Oct. 26 - The saucers that are supposed to be the flying 'pancakes' that we've read about from time to time, reappeared over Oak Ridge this week. But they are all reported from such reliable sources that the flying saucer stories of the past seem very unreal.

 have become a joint effort by the Air Force, the Atomic Energy commission, and officials connected with the Oak Ridge Project and the great effort to the pollution of atomic energy.

The saucers, described by reliable sources, were seen going through the air at terrific speed, making sharp turns, and appearing and disappearing. 

"When in the air it was accompanied by the sound of jets," they FIRST RIDGE REPORT

It was the first definite report of such an object to appear in the Atomic city. The Journal said The Journal had just learned of the report and that the people who saw them have "no comment on what they are."

The reports started to filter into the Journal that Oak Ridge residents had seen the objects, but they were first discounted, due to the fact that on the same day the reports came, flying saucers in Los Alamos appeared in the Denver Post. 

The Journal says its definitive reports were obtained and they show that several of the residents there are convinced that what they saw was not a flying saucer.

CONTINUED ON PAGE 2, COL. 1

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 33 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MCGHEE TYSON AIRPORT 
BOX 202, MARYVILLE, TENNESSEE

UNCLASSIFIED
26 October 1950

SUBJECT: Report on Unconventional Aircraft or Flying Object

TO: Commanding General 
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio
ATTN: MCIS

1. In compliance with paragraph 2, Department of the Air Force letter, file AF-AC-14, dated 8 September 1950, subject: the same as above, the following report on unconventional aircraft or flying objects is submitted:

2. In compliance with paragraph 2d cited letter the following detailed information is furnished:

a. The object appeared to be about the size of 4 or 5 passenger plane when first observed. The color was silver metallic, with no reflection and dull in appearance. The object had a smoke trail approximately one fourth mile long. (for varying sizes and appearances: obj ci ct was built in shape, changing to bladder shape and diminishing in size as it descended and disappeared in cloud. The original shape and size appeared when first observed, changing to bladder shape and diminishing in size as it descended and disappearance under cloud cover).
b. The report provides information regarding the object's maneuverability, speed and contraction through the use of unknown gases. The speed of the object was as low as 15 miles per hour. The air maneuvers was the increase and decrease in altitude which was at an angle of about 45°. The first observed altitude was estimated at 12,200 to 15,000 feet. The object vanished and no sound.
c. Time sighted: 1520 hours EST, length of time observed: approximately twenty (20) minutes.
d. Manner of observation: Visual only
e. Location of observer: Kerr Hollow Gate, Oak Ridge, Tenn.
e. Observers reliability: Trooper is an AEC patrolman and as such receives training as an air ground observer. He was on duty at the time of the observation and the attached incl #1.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs or images. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, listing various UFO sightings and related details.

NOVEMBER 1950 SIGHTINGS

DATE LOCATION OBSERVER
3 Sf Canada, N England States, N Y UFO
- San Francisco, Calif
- Oakridge, Tenn
- Jonesville, LA
- Lakehurst, N Jersey
- Lakehurst, N Jersey
13 Meridian, Miss (Info)(Balloon Recovery)
14 Roswell, N M
14 Rome, Ga 
- Key West, Fla
20 Alamogordo, N Mex
23 Maxwell AFB, Ala
- Bakersfield, Calif
30-30 Knoxville, Tenn

DECEMBER 1950 SIGHTINGS

Info Mid'Dec San Diego, Calif (Vallee)
- Charleston, S Carolina 
- Oakridge, Tenn
- Westover AFB, Mass
- Pt Meyere, Fla
- London, England
14 Alaska Command, Vg
- Boise, Idaho
- Oakridge, Tenn
21 Los Alamos, N Mexico
- Los Alamos, N Mexico
27 (Info)Bradford, Pa
27 Lakehurst, N Jersey
29 - Los Alamos, N Mexico

EVALUATION
Visual
UNIDENTIFIED
Insufficient Data
Balloon
Other (VX Returns)
Balloon
Insufficient Data
A/C
Birds
Other (False Return)
Auto (Meteor)

A/C UNIDENTIFIED
A/C UNIDENTIFIED
OTHER (Ice Fall)
UNIDENTIFIED
OTHER (Unrel Rpt)
Other(Sundry Noise)
Astro (Meteor)
Astro (Meteor)
Astro (Meteor)
AFFEOR

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text and a header that says "UNCLASSIFIED".

Subjects Report on Unconventional Aircraft or Flying Object, Det #1, 30th AD
1. Incl:
Report of Incident
by Trooper Rymer

Info CY 
AADP
Actns Intelligence Off 
Q: ConAC
Actns Intelligence Off

The document is an incident report filed by Trooper Rymer regarding an unconventional aircraft or flying object.

- page 36 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a historic UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

October 15, 1950, 3:20 p.m. Stopped at Kerr Hollow gate where I was on duty
observed in the sky a silvery disk-like object traveling at an estimated speed of over 1,500 miles per hour through a layer "W".
The object appeared to be 12,000 to 15,000 feet high and east by north of
the gate. Approximately one and one-half minutes from the gate. At this time,
the size appeared to be about the size of a four or five passenger plane.
The object left a smoke trail with the same color as its body and about the same size as a quarter of a mile long. The smoke was a grayish color. The
object bore toward the sky at a 45 degree angle. The entire smoke trail was
clearly observed. It was clear and calm on the ground. When the object failed to complete the
circular loop, it went into the house and reported its appearance. Up to
this time, I thought it to be a plane doing some skywriting. While I
was making the phone call, the object continued on its course and disappeared
from sight. The first object was approximately 50 feet in diameter and a bright
silver or aluminum color. The second object was the same size and shape and
about 50 feet behind the first object. The second object appeared to be
attached to the first object's smoke trail with about a 50 degree forward
slant, yet the second object was moving in the same direction of the first
object and not drawing away from the smoke trail of the first object. At this
way, it should have some degree of control according to the smoke and direction. At
this time, the entire group of objects was at an estimated height of approximately 1,500 feet both objects began pulling out of the vertical dive. During
the entire descent, both objects diminished in size. 
From 1,500 feet, the
angle of descent was about 15 degrees. At about 500 feet, the second object
took a sharp downward turn toward the ground. The object commenced to a point north
of the perimeter fence over the roadway about 60 yards from the gatehouse
toward the Gorley hill.This smoke trail in the object was when it came out of the
vertical dive, the smoke reappeared and then diminished to about the size of the
first object's smoke trail. The smoke trail had discontinued but there was a trail that had the appear-
ance of a ribbon about 5 or 6 feet thick. At times this trail lengthened to
almost 20 feet. While hovering, it had a burnt or dark brown appearance.
The tail had an oscillescent, spinning appearance with a dark line running down
through the center of it. The main object was still rush metallic in
color. The object was moving about 50 or 60 feet above the ground. A second
group was sighted about the same time traveling in a southeasterly direction and the first object was
moving southward as I moved toward it. When I got to within 50 feet of it,
the main object was about 4 to 6 feet from the main link fence on the south
side of the road. It moved straight up to about 12 feet and then descended
a horizontal movement southward across the fence, then it again moved straight
up to about sixty feet where it again moved south over a light pole and
hollow small stump and it seemed to disappear. This observation lasted about
4 to 5 minutes. The plant fire department, from the Atomic Energy
Construction Company, came along and I stopped him and asked him to observe it.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 37 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Statement (Continued)
He was unable to see the object at first and returned to the schoolhouse to make another attempt. He claimed he observed the object for about 20 seconds as it was now ascending at an angle of about 45 degrees in a southeast direction. As it moved away, it soon disappeared below the horizon. The object continued in this manner until it had passed over the ridge south of Solway and disappeared.
About five minutes later, Captain _____ drove up and as he came down the road he sighted the object. _____ stated that as he could see it, it looked toward the ridge and then moved away. The object appeared to be moving at about 15 to 50 miles per hour. It motioned for Captain _____ to hurry out of his car. He came over where we were standing on the island from the gatehouse. Captain _____ looked in there and saw the object about 200 feet high and descending at about 45 degrees in a southeast direction. We saw it for about 10 seconds before it disappeared in a southeast direction at about 1,500 to 2,000 feet. It had a very slow, slower than a plane could dive, downward glide. 
In about five more minutes, _____ and I saw it again about 20 degrees above the center island house. It had a pear shape again and appeared to be about the same size as a small plane. It continued west about 50 feet above the road until we lost it in the trees. None of us noticed any odor at any time.
When I first saw the object, its speed was very slow. It was much slower than a plane could dive. On the 45 degree downward glide, it slowed even more, then it moved across the road; the speed was about 15 miles per hour. During the upward slant, the speed was much faster than the downward glide and 5 miles have been increasing in size because as it drew away, we could see it just as plainly and about the same size as when observed up close.
The wind direction was north-northwest and a 17 h, according to the Knoxville Weather Station.

Trooper
ARC Patrol

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 38 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page.

UNCLASSIFIED

Headquarters ATC, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio  

THRU: Director of Intelligence, ATTN: TCD, Headquarters, USAF,
Washington 25, D.C.

TO: Assistant for Atomic Energy, ATTN: AFOAT-1, Headquarters, USAF, 
Washington 25, D.C.

This confirms receipt of the telephonic report of sighting covering a recent incident in the Oak Ridge, Tennessee, area. Your observations of radar contacts and visual observations of unusual aerial objects certainly warrants investigation of this particular case.

The type of radar set used in detecting the unknown aerial echoes described in Inclosure 1, provides a basis for assuming that the phenomena contained therein, is believed to have been an A/GRO-1 operation. The echoes received, reportedly 12,000 to 15,000 yards in range, is considered too far distant to be of any significance in connection with the laboratory operations of the AEC installation at Oak Ridge. The investigation of this particular case warrants your attention.

Meteorological information is an almost absolute necessity in the explanation of "spurious radar echoes". This type of signal characteristic is quite common and can be attributed to particular atmospheric conditions for the cause. For example, temperature inversions, changes in water vapor content, ionized air masses, etc., can influence the scope of a radar system to the extent that spurious radar echoes appear on the scope equal to the pulse length in seconds multiplied by the speed of propagation, at times of one microsecond length.

The echoes briefly described in Inclosure 1 are considered to be very similar to those obtained on the scope of the APW-50 at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, however, because of the particular scope presentations at the sites were vectored towards the horizon, the direction of travel would be consistent toward the horizon, however, speeds were seen approaching 900 to 1,600 miles per hour. The echoes came and went rapidly with no visible means of propulsion. Particular atmospheric conditions were considered to be responsible for the spurious echoes and the shaping conditions of the clouds were not of sufficient density or persistence to fluctuate and appear to be moving at various speeds.

The spurious radar echoes described in Inclosure 1 are believed to have been caused by atmospheric conditions.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the investigation of "unconventional aerial phenomena" and the analysis of reported sightings.

M third Army HO TO: CG AGO, dtd 10-9-50, subj: "Unconventional Aerila"

2. It is obviously impossible to definitely explain the phenomena observed. The movements portrayed are such that they follow the pattern of reports on similar incidents, in which conclusions were drawn indicating the presence of an extraordinary nature above and beyond normal explanation. Abnormal temperature and pressures accompanying these conditions may be responsible to some extent for the spurious echoes.

3. While it is impossible to definitely explain the phenomena observed, it does follow the pattern of reports on similar incidents on which conclusions were drawn indicating the presence of an extraordinary nature above and beyond normal explanation. Such evidence may indicate that such sightings were made by reliable people and may be responsible to some extent for the spurious echoes.

4. In the event any photographs are available on recent sightings. Air Material Command is desirous of securing copies for evaluation.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

HAROLD E. WATSON
COLONEL, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Department

UNCLASSIFIED
502-111807

- page 40 -

