The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Ball of Fire Seen In Southern Skies
Object, Visible 500 Miles, Quickly Burns Out
NEW ORLEANS, June 28 (UP) - A great ball of fire visible for 500 miles burned for a few seconds high in the southern sky tonight and then diminished out, leaving a curving trail of glowing vapor.
Col. H.M. Decker, chief of the Civil Aeronautics Administration here, said the sighting object was reported from Tuscumbia, Ala., Houston, Tex., and a plane 200 miles southward over the Gulf of Mexico.
Bert Rynear said: "It looked like a tremendous globe and was emitting a brilliant orange-red light. It was burning out as it fell, followed by a white vapor trail. It made a hissing sound and then a white puff of smoke."
At Cape Girardeau, United States Weather forecaster here, said "the object appeared to be tremendous brilliance in the western sky at 7:45 p.m. C.S.T. It was more brilliant than any meteor I have ever seen." He added: "It was continuing its flight for two or three seconds. It left a long, white smoke or vapor trail which is something I have never seen a meteor do."

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
OKLAHOMA CITY AIR MATERIEL AREA TINKER AIR FORCE BASE

OGAI/CON:pjh

28 June 1950

SUBJECT: Intelligence Report

TO: Commanding General
Air Materiel Command 
Attn: MCLA
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. The attached intelligence report is forwarded as an item of possible interest.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

GEORGE P. HAMILTON 
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Section
Personnel and Administration

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICE OF THE INTELLIGENCE OFFICER
508TH RECONNAISSANCE GROUP (STRATEGIC)
Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma

SUBJECT: Intelligence Report

TO: Commander
Military Air Transport Service
Andrews Air Force Base
Washington 25, D.C.

ATTN: Director of Plans, Intelligence Division

1. Reference radio this Headquarters, dated 241800 CST, June 1950, (essentially restated in paragraph two below).

2. At 23/1900 CST June 1950, over Macksburg, Louisiana, a routine "Peliean" weather reconnaissance mission over the Gulf of Mexico was observed that appeared to be a brilliant ball of fire at least 50,000 feet. The accompanying brilliant light faded at 20,000 feet. A blinking colored light or vapor followed the object and persisted for twenty minutes. The weather at the time was CAVU with a few scattered cumulus clouds. The average speed of the object was estimated to be in excess of 1,200 miles per hour, and the observed course was from bearing 270°00' W. to 085°00' W.

3. Pertinent excerpts from crew member reports:
"I noticed a bright streak in the sky which was definitely not an aircraft. It looked almost like a falling star, but remained visible for several seconds. It suddenly appeared to burst into flame and showed a brilliant light that faded out and then reappeared. This was repeated several times until it faded out of sight at an altitude of something less than 50,000 feet. The light or vapor remained visible in the sky for several minutes after the object itself had disappeared."

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

"I noticed a bright streak in the sky off our left wing that appeared to first be a falling star. This grew greatly in brightness and size and appeared to be in a spiraling descent. I believe it to be at great height and distance. I observed same for fifteen minutes."

UNCLASSIFIED
Engineer

- page 3 -

The image contains a photograph depicting a bright light path in the sky, which the report describes as a "very bright light path" that appeared to extend from approximately 20-30 minutes, seeming to elongate itself in an upward motion.

The text of the document is as follows:

"a very bright light path of light, which appeared to extend from the horizon in an upward direction and remained visible for approximately 20-30 minutes, seeming to elongate itself in an upward motion, and then later seeming to dive toward the earth.

Sgt. 
Radio Operator

'AS 1940 CST, 24 June 1950, flying on a routine Pelloan at 10,000 feet, could suddenly disclose a target of light-about 1756 knots, a brilliant light was observed high in the sky at what seemed as position indicated at relative bearing 80°. The light proceeded southward as what seemed a slow and gradually decreasing crawl, and is curving a erratic path leaving tails or streamers, and a halo the light disappeared but the trail continued for about a minute and a half the light was regained slightly west of its original position. but again disappeared in about 30 seconds. The phenomenon occurred in about 5 minutes and seemed to be observed for about 4000 -5000 CET.

Appearance from Navigator's window.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED"

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

A series of fairly accurate radio fixes obtained which showed the aircraft at the following positions:

1940 CST - 29°50'N 88°06'w
1942 CST - 27°06'N 88°56'W  (Turned to heading of 326°)
2000 CST - 27°30'N 88°40'W

A series of visual sightings taken on the light trail during this period showed it to be over the vicinity of 29°48'N, 88°45'W.

1st Lt., USAF
Navigator

LEWIS L. HOWES
1st Lt., USAF
Intelligence Officer

DD - OCAMA Int Division

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY 
Fort McPherson, Georgia 
29 June 1950

SUBJECT: Unconventional Object in Air

TO: Commanding General 
Air Material Command 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 
Dayton, Ohio

Attention: LCI (Control No. A-1917)

Enclosed herewith is information re flying objects sighted in Mobile, Alabama.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

1 Incl:
S/F dtd 26 Jun 50, 
w/newspaper clipping, 
dtd 25 Jun 50

JOHN HEADES 
Colonel, GSC 
AC of S, G-2

- page 6 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a typed report or document. There is no other visible image or photograph in this document.

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION
PREPARING OFFICE R-43-GA-243
SUBJECT 6 Box 1964, Mobile, Alabama
Fireball Seen Over Mobile
(Mobile Press Register) 29 June 1950

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION
Fireball In Sky Over City Apparently Was Meteorite
Mobilians who saw that "ball" were deceiving themselves need not worry about it, it was simply a shooting or falling star, Mobile Press Register reported.

DESCRIBES FLASH
The press release, James L. Hansard, director of the University of Alabama Geological Survey, said that the flash and vapor trail to the Associated Press showed in Jacksonville, Fla. last night.

Hansard described the scene as "master-like objects in the sky over Mobile that left a vapor trail, and it was traveling so fast it was gone in a few seconds." (Continued on Page 2, Col. 1)

STAMPED AT 2 YEAR INTERVALS:
classified AT SAME as YEARS
1950 DIR 2200.10

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newspaper or journal article about a UFO sighting by a plane passenger.

Sources: Dayton Journal
Redondo Beach, Calif. 

Plane Passengers Watch "Saucer"
(AP) - United Airlines today disclosed the latest flying saucer story.
First officer David Stewart of Redondo Beach, Calif., told of watching a brilliantly-glowing object pass the plane he was piloting.
Stewart said the object traveled at a terrific speed, estimating it at 14,000 mph or more and that it was more cigar-shaped than the previously-reported saucer-shaped objects. He said the passage of the object took only a few seconds.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a newspaper article with text discussing a reported "flying saucer" sighting in Kentucky. The text describes the details of the sighting, including that the object was seen and photographed by multiple people, and that it appeared to be at a high altitude and resemble an airplane.

NO CASE (INFORMATION COPY)
SOURCE: Newsclipping

Paper's Photos Show 'Saucer' in Kentucky

Louisville, Kentucky, June 27 - The Louisville Times stated photos of a "flying saucer" were taken here Saturday.

Sheriff Frank Tomblyn said persons in three sections of the city reported today that they spotted the object over a span of 15 to 20 minutes. It was first sighted high in the sky, then flew close to the ground, and finally vanished into the sun's rays.

Bert Ritenbaugh, a cameraman, said he took movies of the object, which was visible for about 10 to 15 seconds. He said it would zoom close to the ground and then shoot skyward at a terrific rate of speed, disappearing in a matter of seconds.

"During that time," he said, "it seemed like a balloon."

Air fields in the area said no planes had reported seeing such an object. It was described as far larger than any known plane and of a chrome-like finish. All agreed that the reportedPHOTOS 27 June 1950
Louisville, Kentucky

- page 9 -

