The image contains a Project 10073 Record Card with details about a UFO sighting that occurred on February 5, 1951 in Lucerne Valley, California. The card includes information such as the location, date, time, type of observation, number and description of objects, and a brief summary of the sighting. No photograph is present in this particular image.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: Feb 5, 1951
2. LOCATION: Lucerne Valley, California 
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 05/23002
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
   G Ground-Radar
   D Air Visual
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: (1) One
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: (1) 1/2 a min
8. COURSE: (2) Two
9. COMMENTS: Believed to be low targets from Airec AB by investigating officer.

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a document header and text, but does not contain any visible photographs or images.

INFORMATION REPORT
OFFICE OF NAVAL INTELLIGENCE
6 February 1951
NIO-7440, San Diego, California
UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS IN SKY
UNCLASSIFIED
2. SUMMARY: The attached information was received through regular navy channels and is forwarded for any action deemed appropriate. The details are given in the inclosure. No physical evidence is available. 
3. INCLOSURE: Pencil-sketch, about twenty times as large as wide, no actual photograph or drawing. Object sighted at 1700, 23 January 1951, in Lucerne Valley, California. Persons observing could not gauge the distance; however, they estimated the objects were at least fourteen miles distant. They assume the objects were some type of aircraft, beyond which they say the objects were about 1-1/2 miles distant. Sources at the time considered the observance an unusual phenomenon, but attached no further significance to it.
4. EVALUATION: (1) G.O. USAF (Rt) 6032382 of 29 October 1950, subj: Reporting of Info on Unidentified Aerial Objects.
DISTRIBUTION: (1) CG, 10AC(G); (2) CIC, CT-LA; (3) DIO-719; (4) DI USAF(G); (5) GP USAF(C).
THIS REPORT CONSISTS OF THREE PAGES
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DID FILE C55.20-10

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report that describes an unidentified object sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED
 12 February 1951
Subj: UNCONVENTIONAL OBJECTS IN SKY

Color: silvery, aluminium, metallic, brighter than a white cloud. Never gave off any radiation as a bright metallic object might have.

Number of Objects: Two at first sighting. One at later sighting.

Aerodynamic Features: None distinguishable.

Trail or Exhaust: None on the first two objects. The third object appeared to have a shorter trail of vapor or color that extended to the rear, and this trail was illuminated or glowed.

Maneuver: Impossible to judge. At times appeared to be standing still. Never any rapid movements, sudden stops, or sudden starts. Were more than four hundred miles per hour they could hardly have noticed the movement.

Sound: None.

Maneuvers: When the first two objects were sighted they were slowly moving in opposite directions, one from left to right and the other in the opposite direction. The objects stopped their forward motion and slowly turned completely and went back the way they came, one object apparently being in a vertical position as the other objects. In this end-over-end maneuver the leading end went up and the trailing end went down, in the same direction as the other objects. In this maneuver the forward movement was stopped and the object turned in the opposite direction.

On the third object it was observed that when the object was in a vertical position the object seemed to shorten and thicken, giving the impression that it went out, because long and thin again, and proceeded to move in the opposite direction.

Length of Time of Observation: Sighting was approximately from two to three minutes. From first to last sight of objects did not exceed three minutes.

On or about 15th February 1951 two first two objects were sighted between 1900 and 1930 hours. The third object was sighted on 6 February 1951 between 2100 and 2130 hours. 

Length of Time of Appearance: The first two objects were seen for about eight minutes. The third object was sighted by the sources and was seen for exactly fifteen minutes.

Number of Observers: Unusual.

Location of Observation: At west edge of town of Lucerne Valley in San Bernardino County, in Southern California, at approximately 34°22'N, 116°43'E, at the residence of a Lt. Col.J.E.B., USAF. It is believed that this location is 45 miles southeast of the March Air Force Base. The sighting occurred while sources were driving from town of Hesperia (near Victorville), California.

2 UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

UNCLASSIFIED
13 February 1951

The text in the document is as follows:

The past of U.S. Highway 66) and southerly about 1 mile (location of the objects at a point on Highway 66, 5 miles northeast of Lucerne Valley, California). Natural objects in sky which appeared to be in evidence. Sources traveled about 30 mph while driving, and claimed to have been within a distance of hill from the objects. Objects varied about 30 mph and when observers travel ed 60 mph for fifteen minutes they could have traveled about 15 miles. Objects said to move erratically toward east and then southwest. Air Force Base is a little over 30 miles northwest of Lucerne and Cajon Pass.

Condition of Objects with Respect to Observers: The objects were 14 or more in number by their description, approximately 30-40 feet in diameter, and flying southwesterly by their direction.

Weather and Wind Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings: Exceptionally calm, only occasional slight movement of air. No haze, no overcast, so clouds visible anywhere.

Any Activity or Condition, Meteorological or Otherwise, which might Account for the Sighting: None, according to witnesses.

Evaluation of any Physical Evidence: None. Sources had no camera.

Other Persons Who Saw the Objects: Mr.  from Lucerne Valley, California. Notes that he saw the first two objects, but was not along in the automobile.

REPORTING OFFICER'S COMMENT: It is believed that a source probably saw items always present in the area, but allowed imagination or hope to make these seem to be something out of the ordinary. If not a certainty, it is believed possible that the objects were balloons and not something that should be the subject of further investigation. Since the interviewing officer had no way of judging the worth of the report until someone more closely connected with the investigation indicates that it is worth looking into, no further investigation is warranted at this time.

T. J. SHULTZ
District Intelligence Officer
Eleventh Naval District

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

