The image does not contain any photographs. 

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: FEB 7 51
2. LOCATION: CONDAMINE, QUEENSLAND, AUSTRALIA
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 25 sec
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: Population
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: The object was described as a torpedo-shaped object, silvery in color, traveling at a high rate of speed. It was observed for about 25 seconds before disappearing.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The object was observed by a civilian near the township of Condamine, Queensland, Australia on February 7, 1951. It was described as torpedo-shaped, silvery in color, and traveling at a high rate of speed. The object was observed for approximately 25 seconds before disappearing.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

REPORT
Queensland, Australia
17 Jul 53
George A. Gorrich, Lt Col, USAF

Enclosed herewith is a copy of a report of sighting unidentified flying objects observed over Condamine, Queensland, Australia.

This report is an extract from a file maintained by RAAF Intelligence and was made available to this office by an RAAF officer in charge here concerning other intelligence matters.

John A. Anderson
Colonel, USAF
Air Attache

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED DIR 5200.10

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a scanned document with text only.

Text extracted from the document:

AIR ATTACHE, AUSTRALIA
TR-302-53 UNCLASSIFIED
COPY
The replied "Yes". They discussed the matter dealing that they contact the owner of the reported "UFO" (the one who was busy dipping cows). The owner, who was busy dipping cows at the time of the sighting, said that he had heard nor sighted the "thing" at the time of the reported sighting.
Question 1. What exactly would you say the objects looked like?
Answer: They were bright and very similar to a V-2 rocket.
Question 2. Have you ever seen a V-2 rocket?
Answer: Yes. I was serving with the R.A.F. in ENGLAND during the war and have seen V-2 rockets in actual operation in EUROPE's skies.
Question 3. Did you notice any vapour trail?
Answer: Yes. To the best of my recollection the object left a trail in the sky although had been extinguished and extended back about 20 feet from the object.
Question 4. After observing the object what was your impression as to what it was similar to?
Answer: Similar to, that of a Jet traveling at a high altitude and high speed.
Question 5. What length of time would you say that you had the object in view?
Answer: A short while, perhaps 45 seconds to 1 minute. The object appeared to be travelling at a rapid speed and then made a rather slow turn of the head in following them, and they were out of sight.
Question 6. On nearing the noise and looking up did you have to shade the sky before sighting the object?
Answer: No. The object was sighted immediately.
Question 7. Have you heard of anyone else in that area having seen the object?
Answer: No.
Signature: unintelligible
Intelligence Officer
R.A.A.F. Station, AMBERLEY.

COPY
DOWNGRADED TO SECRET MATERIAL
FOR DECLASSI TEED AFTER 10 YEARS

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an unidentified flying object. The sketch shows the object's side profile, with a tapered, pointed shape and a dotted line along the bottom indicating a potential landing gear or appendage. The text accompanying the sketch describes the object as flying at an angle of 45 degrees prior to passing overhead, and that the object was traveling at a very high speed, estimated to be around 10,000 feet in height. The text also mentions that the object's dimensions are approximately 80 feet in length and 40 feet in width, and that it was flying in a formation similar to other unidentified objects observed.

UNCLASSIFIED
COPY
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT
Observer: Mr. **********, TOOWOOMBA.
On interviewing Mr. COOPER, the following information was gained:
As 8:00 hours on the 1st February 1951, while at his home at "Woodlands Station", 20 miles south-west of the town of CONDAMINE, he had occasion to stop his tractor while doing repairs to a broken link. After doing this, he heard a high-pitched whining noise as though a willy-willy was approaching through the timber close by.
On looking up the witness sighted eight or nine circular shaped objects at a high altitude. These objects passed over him in a triangular formation and appeared to be travelling at a very high speed.
Dotted line on tail could have been the ripper. He is not quite sure.
Flying at an angle of 45 degrees prior to passing overhead. On sighting the objects he was out in the open and could take accurate observation. The objects were in sight only for a very short period of time as they were travelling at a very high speed.
It is estimated that they were travelling at a height of about 10,000 feet and the sun was shining on them and they had a highly polished appearance. We have the estimate that they were travelling at a height of about 10,000 feet and the sun was shining on them and they had a highly polished appearance. We have the same estimate that their length was 80 feet and the width approximately 40 feet. The thickness of their width dimension is not too clear, but it appears to have been in proportion to the lengths and widths quoted above. Because of their high speed and high altitude, the observers estimate that their dimensions are very approximate, subject to any errors he may have made in his observations.

The aircraft were flying in a formation similar to this.
and appeared to maintain a constant speed and height for the brief period of his sighting. After the sighting, the witness had requested to asked his wife. He did now know them, and COPY.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS. DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a report of unidentified aircraft.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED AIRCRAFT

OBSERVER: Mrs. - - - - - - - - - -. 700,000 FFA.

At 1230 hours on the 2nd February, 1951 Mrs. - - - - - - - - - - was with her husband who was repairing a fencing strand on Condamine Station, 20 miles south-west of the town of CONDAMINE.

Her husband stopped his work suddenly at approximately 5:10 pm when she saw her husband pointing to the sky. She then observed a formation of approximately 8 objects flying in a straight line very high at an estimated altitude of approximately 20,000 feet.

At the time of sighting the objects, they were going away from the position where she stood and could not seer a definite shape or their color, but noticed that they glittered as though made of highly polished material.

Question 1. How long would you say that you had them in view?
Answer: Approximately 2 minutes, they appeared to disappear like a flash.

Question 2. Did the objects appear to be in an orderly formation?
Answer: Yes, they were flying in a straight line, passed over 1 upward with my husband on the variation of their formation.

Question 3. Were the objects similar in shape to any aircraft that you may have seen?
Answer: No. The brief glimpse that I had of them, they appeared to be very different to the shape of ordinary aircraft.

Signature unintelligible.
Intelligence Officer,
R.A.A.F. Station, AMBERLEY.

COPY
DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEARLY INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 5 -

