The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project TWINKLE, an Air Force project related to UFO sightings. The page includes handwritten text and classified information that has been redacted.

UNCLASSIFIED
Project TWINKLE - AT PR. GRUDGE
7-3745 - 400
1003284
RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASIAS(AF)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112
5/11/29

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

Post Contractual Inquiry

In view of the unproductive nature of the contract with Land-Air, it was decided to make further inquiry concerning recent aerial object developments in New Mexico. On 9 August 1951, the situation was discussed with Lt. Col. Cox of the 17th CIC District (Kirkland AFB). Until 15 March 1950 the district had been diligent in forwarding copies of their reports on aerial object phenomena. Since then, no reports have been received by the Geophysics Research Division. Colonel Cox advised that reports of strange aerial phenomena were still received by the 17th CIC office, at the rate of one or twice a month but little attention was being given to this matter. Most of the reports originated from personnel at Los Alamos. The CIC files were reviewed. (A summary covering recent reports is attached.) It was learned that representatives from LIFE and also from AFOSR were interested in publishing articles on aerial object phenomena.

On 27 August 1951, developments concerning aerial phenomena were discussed at Holloman AFB. Lt. John Albert previously associated with the project had now been transferred from Holloman. Therefore, the project was discussed with Major Edwin M. Doty who had assumed responsibility. Major Doty, who seemed to be thoroughly acquainted with the situation, advised that there have been very few reports of

UNCLASSIFIED

AT 3-YEAR INTERVALS:
RECLASSIFIED ON 2000-09-21

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. However, I can provide the text content of the document as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

aerial phenomena in the vicinity of Holloman since September 1950.
The populace around HAFB seem to have lost their sensitivity as observers. Even during the meteor shower of 11-12 August 1951, no alarming reports were received. However, on 14 March 1952, nine Bell personnel reported sighting between fourteen and twenty bodies that unlike a close of scene. On 9 July a "red glowing ball" was sighted by a sergeant stationed at the Corona Experimental Radar site at Corona, New Mexico. (Copies of both reports are attached).
More recently, a pilot reported some aerial objects which, after investigation, were identified as planets.

Mr. H. Guldenberg, who is an assistant to Major Ley and an active amateur astronomer, commented that he has been spending several hours at his telescope almost every night for the past few years and never once observed an unexplicable object; that on one occasion, an excited acquaintance was notified when a "strange object" showed up as an eagle in the telescope; that Clyde Tombaugh, discoverer of the planet Pluto and now engaged in activities at White Sands, never observed an inexplicable aerial object despite his continuous and extensive observations of the sky; that Fred Whipple in his work photographing meteors at Las Cruces, never detected a strange aerial object with his sensitive cameras; and that the A and M College at Las Cruces engages in astronomical observations but had never observed strange aerial phenomena.

LOWERED AT 6 YEAR INTERVALS:
2600.18 - 2600.15 YEARS

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects.

It was learned from Major LOTY, that Col. Barnes, O. C. at HAFB, no longer felt there was any justification for the allocation of funds for maintaining systematic investigation. Rather, he provided that the project be maintained on a standby basis and without official Air Force status. This entails assignment of an officer (Major LOTY) to collect incoming reports, maintain liaison with OSI, Provost Marshall's Office and any other agencies whose activities may serve to provide information concerning future aerial phenomena developments. Land-Air has agreed to report and if possible photograph any abnormal sightings made during their scheduled periods of operation (about eight hours). The weather station will function similarly. Also, all pilots have been briefed to report any unusual observations. If necessary, the project can be activated very quickly, even to the extent where funds will be made available for the purchase of equipment.

Major LOTY also arranged a conference with Mr. Warren Kott, who is in charge of Land-Air operations. Mr. Kott pointed out that a formal report covering the year's vigilance period had not been issued since the contract contained no such provision. Actually, a time correlation study should be made covering the film and visual recordings at both Ascension stations. This would assure that these records did not contain significant material. However, such a study is quite laborious, and would require about thirty man-days to complete. Again, no provisions are contained in the contract for this study, but Mr. Kott felt that DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED
this could be done by Land-Air at the additional expense in the near
future when the work load diminished. Mr. Scott requested formal
authorization to do this and Major Roy agreed to issue this letter
of authorization. It was arranged further that at such time when
the study is completed all photographic and tape recordings would
be sent to the Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson. Prior to departing
RADC, the project files were reviewed. Major Landy advised that
access to the files had not been requested by any periodicals.
On 28 August 1951, the subject was discussed informally with
Dr. Lincoln La Paz, who expressed disbelief in all aerial phenomena
except for the green fire-balls. The red fire-ball occasionally reappeared as believed was the visual after-effects of the green. Their
present origin (1947) and peculiar trajectories did not permit, according to Dr. La Paz, them to be classed as natural phenomena. The
most recent study has some to the attention occurred over Agresta
on 7 July 1951. It crossed the city from Northwest to Southeast
with a sharply descending trajectory which leveled out and was
observed by many residents of the city. Dr. La Paz expressed the
opinion that the fireball may be of our own military origin, but
if not, they are a matter of serious concern.
Conclusions
Undoubtedly, a good many of the observations reported are attributable to ordinary man-made objects such as airplanes, balloons, smoke
rockets, etc. It appears, however, that certain observations essentially are responsible for a large number of the reports. The possibility of small
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing text.

UNCLASSIFIED

Emissive clouds issuing from atomic installations also has been proposed. Many of the sightings are attributable to natural phenomena such as light or oppty, meteors, and possibly cloudiness. In view of Harvey, he a memorandum to this laboratory dated 9 August 1950 relative to this problem, indicated that he had observed a tendency for the occurrence of small detached clouds in New Mexico which might have been mistaken for an object when illuminated by the reflected light of the moon. Dr. Whipple investigated the possibility of a correlation between the frequency of aerial phenomena observations and weather conditions - particularly cloudiness. A rough analysis of available weather data, indicated that on the 33 nights (between 5 December 1948 and 5 March 1951) when observations were reported, 10 were clear, 23 partially cloudy, 2 completely overcast and 14 had no record. The number of cloudy nights involved seems unusually high for New Mexico. The weather reports were for the Las Cruces Area only, whereas many of the observations were a considerable distance from Las Cruces. Further investigation is therefore necessary to determine correlations with cloudiness.

Dr. Whipple also conducted a study as to whether the age of the moon was related to the frequency of aerial phenomena observations. The results did not indicate that the phenomena were observed largely at full moon. The statistics show that of the 72 observations reported, 45 occurred when the moon was up and 27 when it was down with many of the observations occurring at the time of the moon's first quarter. From the detailed study, Dr. Whipple suggests that the occurrence of moonlight is correlated with the phenomena. Dr. Whipple's frequency diagram of observations vs. age of moon is included in the report.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The image is a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, that discusses observations of unidentified aerial phenomena. The text in the document is as follows:

It should be noted that Dr. Whipple made a careful study of meteor photographs taken in New Mexico on 25 nights when observations were reported. None of the photographs revealed the presence of unusual phenomena. 

Finally, the overall picture obtained from the year of vigilance and inquiry does not permit a conclusive opinion concerning the aerial phenomena or incidents. The comparatively high incidence of the phenomena since 1948 does not necessarily indicate that the objects are man-made. It is conceivable that the earth may be passing through a region in space of high meteoric populations. Also, the sun-spot maxima in 1948 perhaps in some way may be a contributing factor.

Recommendations
Since the evidence to date cannot be considered conclusive, it appears that the following recommendations would be pertinent:

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

UNCLASSIFIED
(1) No further fiscal expenditure be made in pursuing the problem. This opinion is prompted partly by the fruitless expenditure during the past year, the uncertainty of existence of unexplainable aerial objects, and by the inaccurate position currently taken by Holloman AFB as indicated by the "stand-by status" of the project. The arrangements by AADS for continued vigilance by Land-Air, the weather station as well as the briefing of pilots on the problem in past relative to the need for a systematic instrumentation program.
(2) Within the next few months, DR. Whipple will have completed the installation of two 35-mm kinestic cameras for meteor studies. The cameras will be stationed about 20 miles apart in the vicinity of Las Cruces, New Mexico. Since these studies will be sponsored by the CAU, arrangements can be made for obtaining the film for evidence of aerial object phenomena.
LOUIS ELTERMAN
Project Scientist
Geophysics Research Division

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED ON DEC 31, 2050.

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. It does not contain any photographs, only text.

Summary of Recent Aerial Phenomena Reports from 17th OSI District:

11 Nov. 1950 - Reports of a large-sized balloon. It was determined that this was released by General Mills. The balloon subsequently was recovered.

12 Jan. 1951 - Report from ten Los Alamos employees. Tear shaped object with small tail; very bright appearance; descended slowly; may sighted us for about 1 sec; observation using 6x30.

16 Feb. 1951 - April object reported in the vicinity of Holloman AFB. This turned out to be a general Mills balloon functioning for project "Skyhook".

19 Feb. 1951 - A green flare or rocket observed in the vicinity of Rosco, N.M. Its motion was vertical and passed the plane at 9000 ft. Investigators believed this to be a meteor.

6 Mar. 1951 - Report from four Los Alamos personnel of very bright object observed by two Kirkland AFB pilots who reported this as a meteor; time - 14:30; reported by Dr. La Paz to be a descending fire-ball. No fragments recovered.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
12 Mar. 1951 - Report from Albuquerque, N.M. by two individuals of ball-shaped objects, shining-white appearance. The objects descended rapidly to the horizon.
1 April 1951 - Report from a Los Alamos employee. Oblong shaped object moving slowly both in horizontal and vertical directions. Bright appearance.
7 June 1951 - Report from a Los Alamos employee. Pointed cylinder in vertical position. Cloth-like construction. Fell in canyon at 11:10 A.M. Search party was unable to find the object or any remains.
8 June 1951 - Report from a Los Alamos employee. Large reddish dot, dull appearance which turned bright green. Observed for three seconds.

HOWEVER, DECLASSIFY AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR MAIL

R-114-168                                           11 Dec 1951

GINTO
SUBJECT: Transmittal of Final Report of Project Twinkle
TO:    Director of Research and Development
        Headquarters, USAF
        Washington 25, D.C.

1.    Enclosed is a copy of the Final Report on Project
Twinkle, forwarded at your request.

2.    As there is interest in this matter outside of the
Department, as there has been recommended to have ALUO that
consideration be given to the declassification, including
in view of the fact that a security survey 
has been discovered.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

1 Incl.                                    EPHRAIM RAIDER
A/S                                       Chief, Operations Section
                                          Plans and Operations Branch
                                          Intelligence Research Division

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document discussing a project called "PROJECT TWINKLE", which the text states has been the subject of a study by the Russians, but its findings have never been revealed.

It is a well known fact that the Russians have been hard at work on several urgent projects to study "possible" flying objects. Many years ago the Air Force concluded a study of the mysterious "project twinkle", but its findings have never been revealed.

- page 12 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an unclassified extract of a letter from AFCRPL, dated 15 September 1950.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

Extract of Letter from AFCRPL, dated 15 September 1950, Subject: Status of Project "Twinkle"

TO: Commanding General
Air Material Command, USAF
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio

"If no fire balls are observed in the next six month period, it is recommended that the project be discontinued. In a memorandum as sporadic as the fire balls appear to be, it is felt that at least one year's observation should be obtained before the project is discontinued.

There is considerable doubt in the minds of some of the project personnel as to the reality of the phenomena. As long as a reasonable doubt exists, it is not wise to discontinue entirely the project observations. But should six months' observations prove that no fire balls have been observed in the past and may be discontinued due to the unreliability or nonoccurrence of the phenomena, it is recommended that the project be terminated.

At present it does not appear likely that the next six months of observations will yield any significant information, and the project may be discontinued after that period.

It is requested that a six month extension of the Land Air contract be negotiated. It is also requested that the spectrographic equipment abandoned by Holloman Air Force Base due to lack of personnel be turned over to Land Air for operation in the next six month period. Observations by this Directorate and recommendations for future conduct of this project will be forwarded to your command."

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

Reg Ltr Fr Bas. AMC, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton Ohio
data 9 December 1949, Subj: Light Phenomena
2nd Ind.

HQ AMC, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio 17 May 1950
TO: Director of Research and Development, Hq. USAF, Washington 25, D. C.
ATTN: DCS/D

1. Since the date of basic correspondence this Command has been
unable to institute sufficient project on a defined basis utilizing proposed
techniques to investigate further the light phenomena referred to in
reference 1 for your information the investigation involves the following observa-
tions techniques:

a. Optical tracking with Askania photo theodolites in order
to provide trajectory data and photo records.

b. Optical spectre-photography using standard cameras with
suitable filters to determine spectra.

c. Radio spectrum analysis through the range from 500 kc to
4000 mc. This operation of the program will be closely tied with the
Signal Corps providing equipment and personnel.

2. The request in this Command as outlined in Paragraph 2 of basic
correspondence is withdrawn. This prior RDF approval for the
project is therefore cancelled. This Command will take action to discontinue
the project.

3. In order to better evaluate the results of the investigation
outlined in Paragraph 1 above, it would be very desirable to have the
activities of the 17th District office of the district of the Counter Intelligence
activities at the Air Force Base, cooperate in making light phenomena
sightings and furnish full reports to this Command. It is therefore
requested that action be taken for such cooperation for the period of this
investigation or the 17th District CGI investigation for the period of this
project.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

S. R. BRENTNALL
Major General, USAF
Director of Research and Development

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
NOO DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be an old document or report from Project Blue Book, likely related to UFO sightings or investigations.

Text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Bag Ls. Lt. Col. Rag Ang., Weight-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio
Ate: 9 December 1949, Sub: Light Phenomena

ATTN: Chief, Technical Analysis Division
Department of the Air Force, HQ., USAF, Wash. 25, D.C. 
20 December 1949

TO: Commanding General, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio
SUBJECT: Establishment of a project within the Air Force Geophysical Research Program in order to further investigate and accumulate data on the "Light Phenomena".

1. Reference is made to the approval of the Research and Development Board, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, of 21 November 1949 to include this project in the Sciences Budget. If will be necessary for you to prepare a project plan. This plan should include a statement of the problem, method of approach, scope, personnel required, and necessary measurements. The funds requirement should be stated by object classification.

2. When this necessary information has been received from your command, this headquarters will take appropriate action to secure Research and Development Board approval and to initiate the project.

BY COMMAND OF THE CHIEF OF STAFF:

INCLS:
W/d

R. G. HOLLMAN
Colonel, U.S.A.F.
Chief, Geophysics Research & Development
Office, Deputy Chief of Staff, Materiel

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YR. INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR MATERIEL COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
Dayton, Ohio

MEMO 
SUBJECT: Light Phenomena

TO:
Director of Research and Development
Headquarters, USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

1. Reference is made to:
a. Headquarters USAF (ATSM-4) Letter, dated 14 September 1949, Subject: "Light Phenomena". (See Enclosure No. 1.)
b. Cambridge Research Center Letter, dated 7 November 1949, Subject: "Report of Conference on 'Green Fireballs'". (See Enclosure No. 2.)

2. A report of the conference held at Los Alamos on the subject of mysterious phenomena observed in the New Mexico area is forwarded as Enclosure No. 3. Inasmuch as the phenomena appears to be similar in nature to the phenomena investigated by the Air Force, it is requested that research and development approved be accelerated in order to establish such a project. It is requested that research and development approved be accelerated and that necessary procedures provided.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

Incl:
1 - See par 1a abv  
2 - See par 1b abv

UNCLASSIFIED

Basic Letter DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
  DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 16 -

The image appears to contain an old document or report from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force investigation of UFO sightings. The document is titled "Report of Conference on 'Green Fireballs' (Project Grudge)" and appears to discuss a conference that took place on the topic of "green fireballs" observed in the sky.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR FORCE CAMBRIDGE RESEARCH LABORATORIES 
SUBJECT: Report of Conference on "Green Fireballs" (Project Grudge)
TO: Commanding General, Air Materiel Command, Wright-Patterson AFB
ATTN: MCIXR-P, Major G.H. Dunean

1. In accordance with instructions contained in classified letter from Chief of Staff, USAF, dated 28 September 1949, the undersigned attended a conference at Los Alamos on 29 November 1949. The conference was held to discuss "green fireballs" and the fact that it has been observed only (as far as can be determined) in the southwestern New Mexico area. 

2. Conclusion: It is little doubt that something was actually observed.

A. The first part of the conference was devoted to a summary presentation of all collected and compiled observations. Information regarding "green fireballs." The presentation was made by Dr. Lincoln LaPaz.

B. The second part of the conference was a discussion by the scientists present of various possible explanations and hypotheses concerning the phenomena.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

L.t.r. 2888 to CG, AMC, Subj: Report of Conference on "Green Fireballs"
(Project Grudge)

5. It was the conclusion of the group present at the meeting that the "Green Fireballs" appear to be a natural phenomenon, objective and live to allow any profitable scientific consideration. Instrumentation, observations (especially photographic, triangulation, and spectroscopic) were considered as essential.

6. Col. J.N. Forney, Chief, Intelligence Division, AMC, who was officially representing the Scientific Advisory Board, stated that the Board will recommend at its next meeting (5 and 6 November 1951) with the recommendation that the USAF provide a suitable investigation of the phenomenon using the Geophysical Research Laboratories, AMC and the Army's Cambridge Research Laboratories.

Directorates, ACORC, is capable of performing the required scientific analysis (for photography and spectroscopic means). Proper personnel authorizations and equipment are provided, inasmuch as the phenomena appears to be a natural assignment.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

3 Incls:
1. Summary #1 (in dup)
2. Summary #2 (in dup)
3. Persons (in mic)

cc: Major D. Growson, Hq USAF

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR (optical character recognition) system, I will produce the following text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT: Light Phenomena 

TO: Director of Research and Development
Headquarters USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

1. Reference is made to:
a. Headquarters USAF (AFOIN-4) letter, dated 14 September 1949, subject: "Light Phenomena."
b. Cambridge Research Laboratories letter, dated 7 November 1949, subject: "Report of Conference on Light Phenomena" (IRC-Sect-CM-49-57).

2. A report of the conference held at Los Alamos on the subject of light phenomena is forwarded as requested in reference la. Inasmuch as the phenomena appears to be atmospheric in nature, it is recommended that the investigation continue under the cognizance of the Director of Research and Development. It is requested that Research and Development Board approval be accomplished, and that necessary funds be provided.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

There is:
1 = See par 1 a abv
2 = See par lb abv

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

COPY * Basic Letter

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an unclassified report on light phenomena.

UNCLASSIFIED
14 September 1949

SUBJECT: Light Phenomena 

TO: Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

1. Since the establishment of the special project at HQ AMC, (Project GRUDGE), to investigate and analyze reports on so-called "flying saucers" and other unusual aerial phenomena, many reports have been received from persons who have observed what they considered to be unusual light phenomena. Foremost in this category have been the "green fireball" incidents. 

Analysis by various specialists has indicated that many of the incidents involving light phenomena are natural occurrences and can be satisfactorily explained. However, certain incidents appear to fall into a category which, at least initially, cannot be explained satisfactorily. Foremost in this category are the "green fireball" variety, by Dr. Joseph Kaplan, member of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board, who has been requested to make a study of the "green fireball" phenomena.

3. Correspondence relative to Dr. Kaplan's conclusions on the phenomena and correspondences received, inclusive of a report from the Second Air Force, Carswell AFB, Texas, for scientific investigation of these instances, are attached.

4. The Air Material Command has under contract several organizations to assist in the investigation of these unusual aerial phenomena. It is desired that these organizations be consulted regarding the "green fireball" phenomena, and any additional information necessary to an explanation of the phenomena.

5. It is requested that Randall in the Radio Branch at HQ AMC, continue discussions of the light phenomena. It is requested that representatives from the Second Air Force be included in these discussions in order that all laboratories and agencies may be fully informed.

6. This Headquarters should be advised of the progress of the evaluation, and the results as soon as possible.

BY COMMAND OF THE CHIEF OF STAFF:

JOHN M. TUCKER
Maj., USAF
Asst. Chief of Air Technical Intelligence

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

SECURITY INFORMATION
CONFIDENTIAL
(UNCLASSIFIED) Project TWINKLE
Directorate of Intelligence
Attention: Colonel John C. Nickerson, Chief
Technical Capabilities Branch
Research Division, Director of Memorials and Research
Department of Defense

1. Attached is a copy of a letter from the Air Research and Development Command, Requisition M-RJMC, a project which was carried out by AMC and ARDC for investigation of unusual light phenomena in the general area of College, New Mexico.

2. The Scientific Advisory Board Secretariat has suggested that this project be discontinued, and the problem be handled by ATIC as being within the scope of their interest.

In view of the great interest of the Directorate of Intelligence in the report of unidentified phenomena and their apparent interest in the subject, it is requested that you designate a ATIA representative to review the project and the data accumulated, to determine if the Air Technical Intelligence Center desires to continue this investigation.

Incls:
1. Ltr fr ARDC
2. Proj Report TWINKLE

JOHN M. CLAYTON
Lt Colonel, USAF

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document discusses various theories and observations related to Project Twinkle, which was a project focused on investigating "fireball" sightings.

PROJECT "TWINKLE"

SOURCE: CRIFO Newsletter, 3 Feb 56

The text discusses speculative theories about a connection between earth satellites and observed "fireballs", as well as the potential for using special devices to detect and track these phenomena. It also mentions the involvement of the U.S. Air Force, Air Research and Development Command in Project Twinkle. Overall, the document appears to be an analysis and discussion of the Project Twinkle investigations into unusual aerial phenomena.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual content other than the document itself. It appears to be a Project Control Record from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT CONTROL RECORD
SUBJECT: Project Twinkle with 2 Incls.
DEADLINE: 4 Mar 52
ORIGINATED BY: AFDRD
ACTION BRANCH:
REQUIREMENT: To Preparation of MM #2 to AFDRD from Directorate of Intelligence.
PROPOSED APPROACH: Routine
ACTION TAKEN: Prepared MM #2 to AFDRD
RECOMMENDED FURTHER ACTION: None
MAN-HOURS REQUIRED: 2 hrs. - Capt Fournet, 1 hrs. - Miss Strother, 20 min. - Miss Bryan
DATE FORWARDED:
APPROVED BY:

- page 23 -

The image contains a large stamp on a page that says "UNCLASSIFIED" twice, with the word "SECRET" obscured by a black redaction.

UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 24 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It shows a page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book document with the heading "STATUS REPORTS" and "SPECIAL REPORTS" displayed.

STATUS REPORTS
AND 
SPECIAL REPORTS

- page 25 -

The image appears to be a page from an unclassified Project Blue Book document. It contains the word "UNCLASSIFIED" printed in large text, and there is a handwritten or stamped marking of "UNCLASSIFIED" as well. The image does not contain any photographs.

UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 26 -

The image appears to contain a document or folder marked "UNCLASSIFIED" and "SECRET" in large text. There is no other visible photograph or image in this particular page.

UNCLASSIFIED
SECRET
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old classified document labeled "UNCLASSIFIED" regarding a Project Twinkle Final Report.

UNCLASSIFIED
PROJECT TWINKLE
FINAL REPORT

1. ELTERMAN
27 November 1951

APPROVED:
F. H. WYCKOFF 
Chief, Atmospheric Physics Laboratory

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS: DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 28 -

The image contains an UNCLASSIFIED document with text describing the findings of the Geophysics Research Division regarding peculiar light phenomena observed in the southwestern United States. The document states that the observations covered a little over a year, and most of the observed phenomena can be attributed to man-made objects such as airplanes, balloons, and rockets. It also mentions observations of flying birds, small clouds, and meteorites, but indicates that even the somewhat strange observations often called "Green Fireballs" are natural phenomena. The document concludes by recommending that no more funds be invested in this research and that a sharp eye be kept on anything unusual along this line.

There does not appear to be any photograph included in this particular document.

ABSTRACT:
Early in 1950 the Geophysics Research Division received a directive to investigate peculiar light phenomena that had been observed in the skies of the southwestern United States. Project "Twinkle" was established to check into these phenomena and their explanation.
The gist of the findings is essentially negative. The period of observations covers a little over a year. Some unusual phenomena were observed during that period, most of them can be attributed to such man-made objects as airplanes, balloons, rockets, etc. Others can be attributed to natural phenomena such as flying birds, small clouds, and meteorites. There has been no indication that even the somewhat strange observations often called "Green Fireballs" are anything but natural phenomena.
Our recommendations are in essence that there is no use in sinking any more funds into this at the present time and that we will keep in connection with one of our meteor studies a sharp eye on anything unusual along this line.

- page 29 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a classified document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED

1. Background

In accordance with instructions contained in a classified letter from Chief of Staff, USAF to CG, ADC, subject "Light Phenomena", on 14 September 1949, Lt. Col. Frederic C.E. Oder of GHQ attended a conference at Los Alamos, 14 October 1949 on the subject of "Green Fireballs" observed in the Northern New Mexico area. Since the phenomena had been observed only in this area and only since 1947, it had caused considerable concern among security agencies in the area. It was the conclusion of the scientists present at this meeting that the information available was not sufficiently conclusive. Instrumental observations - photographic, triangulation, and spectrographic were considered essential.

Dr. J. L. La Paz of the Department of Univ. of New Mexico was present at the Los Alamos meeting and subsequently was invited to submit proposals for studying this phenomenon under GHQ sponsorship. On 2 February 1950, Dr. La Paz advised that due to difficulties with academic arrangements, he was unable to undertake this study.

During February 1950, the frequent reports of unexplained serial phenomena in the vicinity of Holloman Air Force Base and Vaughn, New Mexico prompted the Commanding Officer of Holloman Air Force Base to initiate a program to gather factual data.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 30 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. The page is marked "UNCLASSIFIED" and contains text describing observations, instrumentation, and actions taken as part of the investigation. However, there is no photograph present in this particular page.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR output:

These data then would be used to demonstrate the need for initiating a study of the phenomena. On 21 February 1950, an observation outlook post was set up at Holloman Air Force Base manned by two personnel. Observations with theodolites, telescopes and cameras were undertaken between the hours of sunrise and sunset.

On 5 March 1950 a conference was held at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base which included Holloman Air Force Base and GRI personnel. Action was taken to initiate a three-point program which was confirmed by ACS in the form of a letter directive on 16 March 1950, subject "Light Phenomena".

a. Askania instrument triangulation by Land-Air Inc.
b. Observations with Mitchell camera using spectrum analysis by Holloman Air Force Base personnel.
c. Electromagnetic frequency measurements using Signal Corps Engineering Laboratory equipment.

Under contract to GRI, Land-Air Inc. was required to maintain constant watch at two Askania stations for a six-month period. Since an abnormal number of reports had been received from Vaughn, New Mexico, it was decided to install the instrumentation at Vaughn.

- page 31 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph included on this page, only text.

UNCLASSIFIED

Contractual period - 1 April 1950 to 12 September 1950. Some photographic activity occurred on 27 April and 28 April 1950, but simultaneous sightings by both cameras were not made, so that no information was gained. On 30 August 1950, during a Bell aircraft missile launching, several phenomena were observed over Holloman Air Force Base by several individuals; however, neither Land-Air nor Project personnel were notified and, therefore, no results were recorded. On 13 August 1950, the phenomena were again observed after a V-2 launching. Although this film was expended, proper triangulation was not effected, so that again no information was obtained. On 13 September 1950, arrangements were made by Holloman APB for Major Gover, Commander 93rd Fighter Squadron at Kirtland APB, to be on call so that aerial objects might be pursued. This would make possible more intimate visual observation and photography at close range. Major Gover was not authorized to shoot at the phenomena. Generally, the results of the six-month contractual period may be described as negative. Although the photographic theodolites functioned continuously, the grating cameras functioned very little, since the military personnel assigned to operate them had been withdrawn due to the needs concerned with the Korean situation. The

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 32 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED

Facilities for the electromagnetic frequency measurements that were to be provided by the Signal Corps Engineering Laboratories were not utilised due to the fact that the frequency of occurrence of these phenomena did not exceed 250,000 a year transfer of funds to the Signal Corps which would be required to carry out such a monitoring facility. However, the phenomena activity over Holloman AFB 150 miles south of Vaughn, N. Mexico during the latter part of August 1950 was considered sufficiently significant so that the contract with Land-Air (Askania cameras only) was extended for six months ending 31 March 1951.

9. Contractual Period - 1 October 1950 to 31 March 1951

Because of the continuation of phenomena activity in the vicinity of Vaughn and the resumption of activity near HAFB, the Askania cameras were again overhauled and installed at HAFB. This installation was completed about 5 November 1950. On 16 October 1950, arrangements were made by Lt. Albert of HAFB that Northrup Aircraft pilots engaged in frequent flying of B-45 and QB-60 aircraft in the Holloman vicinity would report all observations of aerial phenomena. During this period, occasional reports were received of individuals seeing strange aerial phenomena, but these reports were sketchy, inconclusive, and were considered to be of no scientific value. No significant were made by the Askania cameras. Nothing whatsoever was reported by the Northrup pilots. Popular interest seemed abated, at least in the southwest. On 31 March 1951, due to the expiration of the contract, Land-Air ceased constant vigilance at the two Askania stations. In summary, the results during this period were negative.

UNCLASSIFIED DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS: DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS ARMY MOD 5200.10

- page 33 -

