There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card containing information about a sighting of "flying saucers" that were allegedly being manufactured in Madagascar.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: July 51
2. LOCATION: Madagascar (Tarrytown N.Y.)
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. DURATION: N/A
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: N/A
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N/A
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: N/A
9. COURSE: N/A
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Letter from civilian stating that "flying saucers" are being manufactured in Madagascar. Also included are three sketches of saucers.
11. COMMENTS: While sketch sketches show configuration which could probably fly, case evaluated as HOAX. No manufacturing sight in Madagascar.

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a photographic print of a landscape scene, which shows a cloudy sky with some dark shapes in the distance that may represent clouds or landmasses. The image is grainy and appears to be a low-quality reproduction, likely from an old document or report.

EXHIBIT A

- page 2 -

The image contains a map of Madagascar, labeled "MADAGASCAR". There is no photograph in this image.

AFRICA
MADAGASCAR
MOZAMBIQUE
LE SAMBRINI
DIEU PRETE ET PRETE BIEN

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. The page contains handwritten annotations and text, but no discernible photograph.

Transcribing the text from the document:

EXHIBIT 
D
(Undated)
Transite cloudy - windy
[Illegible text]
Tarrine
cloud - SF
We n'faix
Vario

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The page is titled "Hotel Moteric" and appears to be some kind of exhibit or document related to UFO sightings.

OCR Output:
HOTEL MOTERIC
IN THE SLEEPY HOLLOW COUNTRY
EXHIBIT C

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image. Instead, the image shows a detailed diagram or sketch, likely of a reported UFO sighting.

Text Output:

Geo. Whypes
Tarrytown N.Y. July 16, 1951

EUGENE A. FRANGGER
1.23.52 
WEEKS: 
VIA-

Enroute to Ny C 
3:25 A.M.

SIGHTING:
About 1:45 A.M. - observed large silvery
object travelling horizontally. Appeared luminous
with blue-green coloring. Moved at high speed
from SE to SW. No sound detected. Observed
for 5 - 10 minutes. Estimated size - 200 ft.
First seen high in sky - descended to about
1000 ft. attitude. Motion irregular - would momentarily
stop and resume flight. At one time seemed to split
into two parts, then reunite. Disappeared from sight
in SW.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document discussing an "Evaluation of Madagascar Possibility".

OCR Text Output:

UNCLASSIFIED

SUBJECT: Evaluation of Madagascar Possibility

1. Statesman's Yearbook, 1950, cites an increase in imports which is not reflected in exports between the years 1947 and 1948 as follows:

1947    1948
Imports  147.6   249.46
Exports  138.0   140.27

Same source indicates that industry is largely of a light or domestic nature; i.e., manufacture of straw hats, beer canning and salting. The bulk of the exports comprise raw materials and the imports for the large part comprise heavy machinery, automobiles, and domestic goods. It is to be noted that the trend of imports vs. exports is not in equilibrium, which would support some manufacturing activity other than that which is acknowledged by Statesman's Yearbook, and that the increment of 100,000 tons occurred at that time.

2. Communication facilities on the island have been increased almost 10 fold in the last 8 years period to nearly 16,000 miles of roads. The railroads have not largely been increased inasmuch as the terrain is mountainous and hence unfamiliar. Telephone and telegraph facilities are now extremely good. Considering that the population is still for the most part aboriginal in character.

3. It is also to be noted that the French accomplished an extensive political revisions in Madagascar in 1946, where included several Antincasties and several islands to this possession, admitted representatives to the French assembly and caused a rearrangement so that the French military chiefs actually function as vice-governors.

4. Selection of a site on the West coast is at most necessary for the requirements of a manufacturing site, in that the East coast is subject to inundation of a tropical nature, and is associated with unhealthful low berths so that the European population finds itself best adapted to the West coast.

Indications a site on the West coast which seems to be about 10 miles East of the airport, Tulsans on at least 16 Holts should supplement that along the river on which Tulear is situated was omitted from their Atlas. This brings to mind a practice during WW II of omitting certain island bases from the maps. Only low possibility is believed to exist along these lines of reasoning.

The population of Madagascar is on the order of 4,000,000, with a density of 16 per square mile, in comparison with an extremely meager population density relative to natural resources. Recently, there has been established a technical college in Tananarive. The native talent has for centuries been demonstrated in complex metalworking, with reports of intricate chains in silver, and has elaborate works in brass and copper as have over been accomplished in Europe. It is considered further that there is a possibility to utilize native manpower for manufacturing purposes.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document dated July 24, 1951, providing information about a UFO sighting that occurred at White Sands, New Mexico on July 7, 1951. The document discusses a letter from an unnamed "UFO reporter" requesting information, as well as a quote from Major Keyhoe concerning the sighting.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
24 July 1951
White Sands, New Mexico

[Redacted]

1. Attached is a copy of a letter from Mr. [Redacted] requesting information on two UFO reports.

2. Mr. [Redacted] is quoting Major Keyhoe concerning a sighting which was supposed to have occurred at White Sands, New Mexico, on 14 July 1951. A thorough search of the Project Blue Book files indicates that such a sighting was not reported to the Air Force by the Military Intelligence Service.

The remaining text appears to discuss the lack of a file on the reported sighting mentioned by Major Keyhoe and the intent to provide any such information that may exist to the Air Force.

- page 8 -

