The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text found in the document is as follows:

1. DATE: 16 October 1951
2. LOCATION: Anchorage, Alaska
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 17/03+02
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: □ Ground-Visuat □ Ground-Radar □ Air-Visual □ Air-Intercept Radar
5. PHOTOS: No
6. SOURCE: Military
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-4 Minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: South
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object assumed to be a/c, they thought to be white, Travelling from left to right at great speed, climbed straight up off visual and was lost to sight in about 5 seconds.
11. COMMENTS: Probable a/c sighting.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon, Probably Balloon, Probably Aircraft, Possibly Aircraft, Was Astronomical, Possibly Astronomical, Other, Insufficient Data for Evaluation, Unknown.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document of a Project Blue Book investigation report.

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION

Subject: Unidentified Object in Sky
Identity of Activity: Anchorage, Alaska, 16 Oct 51, 2240

SUMMARY OF INFORMATION:

Information received from Richardson, Ft. Richardson, Alaska, that he saw an unidentified object in the sky at Anchorage, Alaska, on 16 Oct 51 at 2240 hrs. He headed toward Ft. Richardson, and it passed by and disappeared. It appeared to be an airplane, but it flew faster than aircraft. It was observed for approximately three or four minutes. On the morning of 17 Oct 51, Ford was talking with Major Farrell, who had mentioned the incident, whereupon the fact that a similar object had been reported was brought to the newspaper's attention. To the contrary of the initial notification, it was formed that no similar objects had been reported.

The following information has been received: Lt. Col. Richardson, Ft. Richardson, Alaska, reported that on 16 Oct 51 at approximately 2225 hours, Pfc Mason had observed an unidentified object in the sky at Anchorage, Alaska, and as they approached Merrill Field at approximately 2240 hours, Pfc Mason again observed the object. Pfc Mason stated that the object appeared to the eye as a small bright light, and it seemed to be stationary, watching it for approximately ten or fifteen minutes. Pfc Mason said the object did not have a definite shape or steady pace, but it would light up and then diminish in size, indicating it was capable of maneuvering. The object did not have a taillight or steady pace, but it would light up and then diminish in size, indicating it was capable of maneuvering. The object was bluish-white in color, and it did not leave any trail. (F-2)

NOTE: Lt. Col. Richardson mentioned that he was contacted regarding this incident, as he said that he had not mentioned sighting the object to anyone.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DED DATE 6300-10

- page 2 -

