There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card containing text.

PROJECT 10673 RECORD CARD
1. Date : 21 Dec 52
2. LOCATION : SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS
3. Lat 29 46 N, Long 98 27 W
4. SOURCE : Civilian Observation
5. SY WHOM: E.T. COLTER
6. ONE
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1-2 MIN
Groan ball-shaped object traveled at a high rate of speed in a slightly downward course, when took a further downward dip and disappeared, with explosion of object when first sighted. Reliability of source is unknown.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document, likely a report from Project Blue Book, about a UFO sighting incident that occurred on December 9, 1952 in San Antonio, Texas.

STATEMENT

1215 hours, 9 DEC 1952
SUBJEET: Unidentified Airborne Object, apparently one mile South of the Seven Sisters Road intersection San Antonio, Texas. Object was traveling in a south-westerly direction.

I was driving my car on a heading of approximately 0 degrees. Suddenly, a pale green light appeared in the sky about one-half mile to my left. It did not make any sound. The object seemed to be traveling at a very high rate of speed, much faster than any jet aircraft which I have observed. It was heading in a south-westerly direction and passed out of sight within 5 to 10 seconds. It appeared to be a two o'clock position on a slightly downward course. The velocity of the object seemed greater than any jet aircraft which I have observed.

The intensity of the light seemed to be comparatively brighter than any star or planet which I have observed. The object appeared to be descending on a slightly downward trend, seemingly losing velocity, and it seemed to dim somewhat as it proceeded on its course until it disappeared. 

The object was not like any jet aircraft which I have observed. Its shape appeared to be pointed or wedge-shaped.

I certify that the above statement is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book report questionnaire, likely from the 1950s, that is filled out with handwritten responses.

OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

1. When did you see the objects?
1.1 Date: 21 - 52
1.2 Time of day: 6:15 p.m. or P.M. (Circle One)
1.3 Time zone: (c) C.S.T. (Circle One)

2. Where did you see the objects?
EXACT LOCATION AND ADDRESS: 2619 Harcourt St., San Antonio, Texas

3. Where were you located when you saw the objects?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoors

3.1 Were You
(Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

CO.DT.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As per your request, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

4. How did you happen to notice the object? Sighting reported 

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? 21 Dec 55 Year

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Driving

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Driving my car

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No.
If you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
7.2 How fast were you moving? 55 miles per hour.
7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes or No

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with multiple-choice answers about the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Output from the OCR:

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
your answer to the above two questions: (8 and 8.1).
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess  

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes or No

10. How was the object seen?
(Circle One): a. Through window glass b. Through windshield c. Through binoculars d. Through telescope e. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Solid or heavy clouds e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind b. Light breeze c. Strong wind d. Don't remember

11.3 WEATHER (Circle One) 
a. Fog, mist, or light rain b. Clear c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold b. Cool c. Warm d. Hot e. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a scanned page of a document from Project Blue Book, likely an eyewitness report form related to a UFO sighting.

12. Estimate how long you saw the object? 0 Hours 0 Minutes 15 Seconds
12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 12:
B. Certain
13. Did the object look: Solid or Transparent? Couldn't tell
14. Did the object at any time:
14.1 Change direction? Yes
14.2 Change speed? Yes
14.3 Change size? Yes
14.4 Change color? Yes
14.5 Break up into parts or explode? Yes
14.6 Give off smoke? Yes
14.7 Change brightness? Yes
14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes
14.9 Remain motionless? Yes
15. Did the object dive or rise or stay level? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know
15.1 If you answered YES, what was the color of the light? Light green
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
16.1 Sound: 72002 beats
16.2 Color: whitness, light, green
17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? One and only one

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. 

The text contained in the document is as follows:

Page 5

18. Did the object at any time:

18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Motorcycle wheel
e. Office desk
f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19:
a. Certain
b. Pretty certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it?
20.2 How far was it from you?
20.3 How fast was it going?
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Pretty certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
b. Gradually
c. Other
d. Don't remember

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that includes sketches and instructions related to sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text in the document:

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when you last saw it.

Overhead
A at 15° approx.
Horizon
Your eye

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead
A @ 15° approx.
Horizon
B @ 10° approx.
Your eye

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.
[Sketch shows an object moving from point A to point B, with annotations about the direction of travel and an "indeterminate" distance.]

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The image shows a page from an old Project Blue Book report. I will now perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document and provide the output:

SECTION E
26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this? (Circle One): YES
26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other cases? 

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It was not known what the object was, but it did not appear to be a meteor, nor was it an unusual light more plane.

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME: 
Last Name:  Middle Name: 
ADDRESS Street: San Antonio City: Zone: State: Texas
TELEPHONE NUMBER: JOhnson 2-5744
What is your present job? GENERAL ENGINEER (CIVIL ENGINEER)
Age: 36 Sex: Male
Last School Attended: (Name of College or University) UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS Year of Last attendance: 1938

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No
29.1. If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No 
29.2. Please list their names and addresses:

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important. The additional sheets or the reverse of this sheet may be used if necessary.

The text in the document is as follows:

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No
29.1. If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No
29.2. Please list their names and addresses:

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important. The additional sheets or the reverse of this sheet may be used if necessary.

After the observable facts of the sighting of this phenomenon were included in my original statement, I believe that I can as fairly, fairly and accurately give a very accurate account and record of my experiences as an observer of this sight.

I believe that I can fairly accurately describe the object under concern here, its methods and actions. I can describe my observations as an observer, there is no possibility of exaggeration or second that they are unbalanced with my experiences in this case.

It has further occurred to me that this object is a hitherto unknown type of atmospheric aviation that came under the observation of the observers. Without seeing any markings or structural details, I should describe it as a low-level, remote-controlled, unmanned atmospheric device, possibly being tested or observed in the field. Where the question of my experience and qualification to make such an assessment arises, I should state that I served as an officer and pilot in the U.S. Army Air Force from May 1943 to Oct. 1945 and have an excellent working knowledge of airborne physical phenomena and their observation and study from a technical standpoint.

The object in question showed a number of characteristics and capabilities that have not been demonstrated in any known terrestrial or airborne device. The object appeared to be under intelligent control, responding in a controlled manner to changes in position and orientation. It showed no visible means of propulsion, having no observed wings, propellers, jets or other conventional propulsive devices. Its movements were rapid and erratic, capable of high-speed instantaneous changes in direction, sometimes appearing to hover motionless, then accelerating to many times the speed of sound. Its altitude varied from less than 500 feet to many thousands of feet. Its shape and size were unusual, being a luminous or semi-luminous disk, generally estimated as 30-40 feet in diameter, with occasional pulsations of brightness. No sound was audible from the object at any time.

The object in question was sighted and observed by four reliable, mature, intelligent adult observers, each of whom had an excellent record and reputation for veracity, and each of whom made separate, individual statements and reports to the authorities concerned. Two of the observers were public officials, one a county sheriff, the other a city police officer. The other two were private citizens, one a professional man, the other a businessman. Each observer, when interviewed separately, gave a substantially similar account of the object, its appearance, actions and characteristics. The observers were impressed with the object's unusual appearance and capabilities, but felt no sense of fear or apprehension. They were unanimous in their conviction that they had observed an unusual aerial phenomenon which they could not identify or explain in terms of any known or conventional aerial device.

It is my further opinion that the object warrants very serious consideration and study by the appropriate technical, scientific and military authorities, as it appears to represent a device or phenomenon of a nature and characteristics heretofore unknown, which may well have great military or scientific significance. The observations of the four reliable adult observers, the consistent nature of their individual reports, and the inherent unusual nature of the object itself, in my opinion, justify the gravest attention and investigation by the authorities concerned. No reliable evidence or data has come to light which would in any way cast doubt upon the veracity of the observers or the factual occurrence of the sighting as reported. The incident appears to be of considerable importance and interest.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official file copy of a request for UFO information, dated 31 January 1953.

The text in the document is as follows:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
TD-8/Lt Col Friend/mb/692l6
Request for UFO Information (Jr. Guermeur).
HQ USAF SAFOI-3b (Major Hart)
7 February 1953
1. Reference the attached letter from requesting information on unidentified flying objects. This letter is forwarded for your consideration.
2. The following information is provided to assist you in preparing a reply. The case was received on 21 December 1952 as a sighting from Banning, California reported by a civilian.
FOR THE COMMANDER
ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image seems to contain a document or report from Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document is as follows:

San Antonio, Texas 21 December 1952

I. Description of Incident
One round, unidentified object of undetermined size, that emitted an intense green light was observed and investigated by a civilian man while driving in his car. On the object's approach, it silently passed overhead and quickly disappeared in the distance.

II. Discussion of Incident
This can be written off with quite a bit of assurance as simply a common occurrence - a meteor or similar atmospheric phenomenon seen for a short time in sight and fad out just before disappearing.

III. Conclusion
Probably meteor.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
2009 DEC 08 C09

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Gentlemen, Sir.
I am a student and I am very much interested in special questions. At the present time I am working up on a subject that is quite debatable-- do flying saucers exist or not?
I read an article in a French magazine which stated that on the 22nd of December, 1952, a technician of the United States Air Force saw in the sky a luminous object (report to his superiors, so he said).
Could you get hold of it and within the scope of your possibilities let me have some data on the subject?
Awaiting your answer I extend you my regards
(Illes)
(signed)

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document dated December 29, 1952, which appears to be a transmittal of an Air Intelligence Information Report. The document is addressed to the Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio and is signed by Clarence G. Elder, 1st Lt. Colonel, USAF, Deputy for Plans Program.

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
HOLLOMAN AFB DEVELOPMENT CENTER
HOLLOMAN AFB, NEW MEXICO  

29 December 1952

SUBJECT: Transmittal of Air Intelligence Information Report

TO: Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center
  ATTN: AFOIN-TNTA-32
  Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

In compliance with Air Force Regulation 200-2, Unidentified Flying Objects Report dated 26 April 1952, the following Air Intelligence Information Report is submitted for your information.

Please furnish this center with a supply of these forms.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

CLARENCE G. ELDER
1st Lt. Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Plans Program

1. Incl:
   Observers Questionnaire

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, containing text only.

OCR output:

In reply refer to
AF OCIR.F-169/3

SUBJECT: Transmittal of questionnaires for reporting unidentified
FLYING OBJECTS

TO: Commanding Officer
Intelligence Office
Headquarters air Technical Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. Reference is made to your letter of 29 December 1952 in which
you request a supply of questionnaires for reporting unidentified flying
objects.

2. Attached are 60 copies of the questionnaire used for reporting
visual sightings and 10 copies of the instructions used for executing
same.

3. If this supply should be exhausted, this Center will be glad
to supply you with more at any time.

2 Incls.
1. U.S. Air Tech Intl Questionnaire (60 cys)
2. Instructions (10 cys)

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a United States Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects.

(Unclassified) Material for Project Blue Book
Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 
Dayton, Ohio

Department of the Air Force
Headquarters USAF - AFOIN

Enclosure is for your information, retention and appropriate action.

1 Incl ("/Orig only")
AIRPORT fm 
HOLLOMAN A.F.B. 
dtd 29 Dec 52

WILLIAM A. ADAMS
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Topical Division
Deputy Director for Intelligence, DCS/O
Headquarters USAF

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a "Tentative Observers Questionnaire" related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects.

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE 4,822.00

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object?
1.1 Date: 22 December 1952
1.2 Time of Day: 7 hrs. 30 min. A.M. or (P.M.) (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object?
Postal Address: Hemphill
City or Town: State: Country:

3. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. In a building b. In an airplane c. At sea d. Outdoors e. Other _____________
3.1 Were you: (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country? d. Flying near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?

Additional Remarks:

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

4. How did you happen to notice the object? Van driving toward Running, California. Saw the bright light get out of the car and watched the object.

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? 24 DAY DECEMBER MONTH 1952 YEAR

SECTION B
6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Driving between Los Angeles, California and Banning.
6.1. What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each. Had dinner in restaurant at approximately 6:30 P.M. Drove through Beaumont, Calif. Stopped at a gas station for gasoline, left gas station at 7:25 P.M.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One): YES or NO
   IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
   7.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North b. South c. East d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest
   7.2 How fast were you moving? 40 miles per hour.
   7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): YES or NO

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One): a. North b. South c. East d. Southeast

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to the observation of a UFO or unidentified object.

6.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

6.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question (6 and 8.1): a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Yes b. No

10. How was the object seen? (Circle One): a. Through window glass b. Through windshield c. Through binoculars d. Through telescope e. Through theodolite f. Through sunglasses g. Through open space h. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds e. Don't remember 11.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind b. Slight breeze c. Strong wind d. Don't remember 11.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember 11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold b. Cool c. Warm d. Hot e. Don't remember

12. Estimate how long you saw the object? ______ Hours ______ Minutes ______ Seconds

SECTION C

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing text.

12.1 Circles one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 12:
a. Certain
b. Fairly sure
c. Not very sure 
d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: Solid or Transparent

14. Did the object at any time:
14.1 Change direction?
14.2 Change speed?
14.3 Change size?
14.4 Change color?
14.5 Break up into parts or explode?
14.6 Give off smoke?
14.7 Change in brightness?
14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
14.9 Remain motionless?

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes or No

15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light? Brilliant white

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
16.1 Sound: None
16.2 Color: Top side white - bottom deep orange red

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? (Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.)

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something: (Circle One) Yes or No

IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire or survey with various questions and response options.

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5
18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes NO Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes NO Don't know
19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk
f. Automobile
g. Small airplane
h. Large airplane
i. Dirigible
j. Other

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? _1600_ feet.
20.2 How far was it from you? _2000__ feet or _miles.
20.3 How fast was it going? _180___miles per hour.
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
b. Gradually
c. Other Took a direction south of Jupiter miles high
d. Don't remember

SECTION D
22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show there it was when you last saw it. Overhead.

- page 21 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document. There is a sketch showing the horizon and the viewer's perspective, as well as a drawing depicting the motion and shape of an unidentified object.

Transcribed text from the document:

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead
Horizon     You     Horizon

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, showing the header for the "SAN ANTONIO AIR MATERIEL AREA" and text describing some details related to the report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

SAN ANTONIO AIR MATERIEL AREA
KELLY AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS

21 September 1952

SUBJECT: (Classification) SPECIAL REPORT

TO: Commanding General
ATTN: Intelligence Division
Air Materiel Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

1. Attached is Letter 200-5, dated 22 September 1952, requesting
attachment of Form 1752 to forwarded.

For the Commanding General:

[Signature]
Brigadier General, USAF
Commanding

UNCLASSIFIED

This document supersedes no USAF Form 5, Rev 2 May 1952, which will be used until exhausted.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

The text from the document is as follows:

SECTION E
26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): Yes or No
26.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
A controlled object

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street, Holloman AFB, New Mexico, Zone, New Mexico
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Ext.
What is your present job? Auto Pilot Instrument Technician
Age: 36
Sex: Male

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No
29.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No
29.2 Please list their names and addresses:

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper, if necessary.

My first impression was that it was a "taillight" of an airplane. Since it was in the plane of the horizon, I eliminated the taillight idea. Stopped my car while still keeping the object in sight. Stepped out of the car and looked no sound or wind could be detected. The object was a deep orange red. It shot upward in pulses from right to left at about 45 degrees vertical. It shot light pulses intermittent flashes. Suddenly it tracked across the sky toward the south at about an angle of 50 degrees or less with the white side showing. There was no vapor trail at any time. The object appeared to be about midway through this roll showed no light. It finally took up a position to the northeast of me on the horizon and tapered off until completely lost. All this happened in 5 minutes. At this position I would drive through the intersection. I believe there was no doubt in my information. I watched until 7:43 P.M. or a total of 15 minutes later.

Note: I watched across the highway to a gas station and called the attendant's attention to the object. This was 5 minutes after the object vanished in my northwest. He confirmed it's movement. Do not know attendant's name or type of gas sold in his station.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically an "Air Intelligence Information Report".

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO.:
DATE OF REPORT: 1952 
NAME OF OBSERVER: "Capt Russ Golder USAF"
LOCATION: San Antonio, Texas
DATE/TIME OF OBSERVATION: 9 December 1952 / 2000
SUMMARY: (Enter concise summary of report. Give significance in final one-sentence paragraph. List duration of observation, speed, course, etc. Part III.)
A flight of six unidentified flying objects, brightly illuminated, were observed in the sky over San Antonio, Texas on 9 December 1952 at approximately 2000 hours by Capt Russ Golder, USAF. The objects were initially sighted at an estimated altitude of 30,000 feet and were observed to perform erratic flight maneuvers, including abrupt changes in direction and speed, during the 15-minute period they were under observation. No sound was reported and no exhaust or propulsion system was visible. The incident has been classified as "UNCLASSIFIED" and will be filed for future reference.

DECLASSIFIED DEC 16 2000 IS

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an "Air Intelligence Information Report" document from Project Blue Book.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
CLASSIFICATION)

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES

The 9th District OSI, Randolph AFB, Texas, reported that on 22 November 1952, a light appeared in the sky over San Antonio, Texas, at about 8:00 p.m. This light appeared to be about 500 feet above the ground and was observed for approximately 15-20 minutes. The light was described as "very bright and white in color." When first observed, the light was seen to be moving slowly at first, then increasing in speed and disappearing. The light appeared to be oval in shape.

The OSI agent from the 9th District who observed this object stated that he could not determine what the object was, and that it did not appear to be any type of known aircraft. The weather at the time was clear and the visibility was good.

(1) Observed altitude: 500 feet above ground.
(2) Description - Size, Shape, Color, etc: Oval in shape, very bright and white in color.
(3) Movement - Speed, Maneuvers: Moved slowly at first, then increased in speed and disappeared.
(4) Direction of travel: Unable to determine.
(5) Duration of sighting: 15-20 minutes.
(6) Weather conditions: Clear sky, good visibility.
(7) Manner of disappearance: Disappeared from view.
(8) No physical evidence or samples.
(9) No interference or attraction action known.
(10) Location of sighting: Over San Antonio, Texas.

SAID: 1-9-53
SUBJECT REPORT VERIFIES THAT OBJECT WAS TRAVELING IN SOUTHERLY DIRECTION. OTHERWISE NO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 27 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typewritten document from Project Blue Book. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

TIME: 1.15 hours, 31 Dec 1952
LOCATION: Randolph Air Force Base, San Antonio, Texas
OBSERVER: Captain XXXXX, 15th Air Force, Air Force Intelligence

I was driving my car on a highway at the time. Suddenly, I noticed a formation of 6 objects in the sky, flying in a southerly direction. It was much the same formation as described in the "ball of fire" incident. This formation appeared to be 30-40 yards in diameter, and was traveling at an extremely high rate of speed, estimated to be around 1,500 miles per hour. The objects were visible for about 30 seconds, then disappeared.

The formation passed over me at an altitude estimated to be about 5,000 feet. The objects appeared to be circular in shape, and emitted no trails or exhaust. The objects maintained their formation throughout the time they were observed.

Due to the time of night, 2:15 a.m., visibility was very good, and the objects were easily observed against the clear night sky. However, I was unable to obtain any photographic evidence.

I certify that the above statement is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

- page 28 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a declassified Project Blue Book document.

IDR 903 127 DEC 52
C-1 PRIORITY RESTRICTED
C1 CC SARA KELLY AFB TX
TO HQ USAF WASH DC ATT
GC ATC/INTEL OFFR USAF 
GC ADC OFFR JZIC
CG ADC EXIT AEB CHit) 

CITY: SA 1122.

UNCLASSIFIED
PARAPHRASE NOT REQUIRED, SEE CRYPTO-CENTER

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS. 
DECLASSIFIED ON. 20 DEC 93

OBJECT WAS OBSERVED KELLY AFB
SAS OVER SAN ANTONIO TEXAS 30 MILE SOUTH WEST OF KELLY AFB
21 DEC 52. AT APPROX 1130 HOURS CST. OBJECT WAS A BRILLIANT LIGHT
SLIGHTLY ABOVE THE HORIZON, APPROXIMATELY 1 MILE SOUTH OF THE 7 SISTER'S ROAD INTERSECTION. OBJECT WAS AT AN ALTITUDE OF ABOUT 10,000 FT AND WAS VERY BRILLIANT IN APPEARANCE. IT EXHIBITED THE FOLLOWING CHARACTERISTICS: OBJECT LIGHT INTENSITY VARIED AND AFTER A PERIOD OF BETWEEN 1 TO 2 SECONDS, WAS OBSERVED
TO SPLIT INTO 4 SECTIONS, AS LARGE AS THE ORIGINAL OBJECT. THESE 4 OBJECTS THEN JOINED BACK INTO ONE OBJECT. THIS ACTIVITY WAS NOTED SEVERAL TIMES DURING THE SIGHTING. OBJECT FURNISH A DOWNWARD DISC SHAPED GLOW WHICH SEEMED LOOSELY CONNECTED TO THE MAIN BODY. AND TOP OF OBJECT FURNISH SPARK LIKE ACTIVITY. VELOCITY AND LIGHT EMISSION WERE
NOTED. NO AERODYNAMIC FEATURES ABOUT THE OBJECT WERE OBSERVED.  RELIABILITY OF OBSERVER UNKNOWN. AIR PROJECT MARSHALL.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 29 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, dated December 9, 1952, regarding an unidentified flying object observed in San Antonio, Texas.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: (Unclassified)
PLACE: San Antonio, Texas
DATE OF INCIDENT: 3 December 1952
PREPARED BY: (Deleted) 
DISTRIBUTION: (Deleted)

The report describes an unidentified object observed on December 3, 1952. It provides details about the object's size, shape, speed, and other characteristics, but does not contain any photographic evidence.

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report, part of Project Blue Book, regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

AF FORM 112 - PART II 
UNCLASSIFIED

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

From: (Name Deleted)
Date: 6 August 1952

1. On 29 April 1952, the following information was obtained:
(1) Object was reported to be visible for 5 to 10 minutes. The object appeared to be stopped in the sky.
(2) Object was sighted 1/12 hours, CST, 21 Dec 1952, and was observed for only a short period of time.
(3) A visual sighting, without any electronic or optical equipment was made.
(4) Observer was on USAF-billed military duty, and was mile South of the airfield at San Antonio, Texas.
(5) Object was observed by an Officer of the United States Air Force, San Antonio, Texas. He is presently assigned as a USAF Liaison for Kelly Air Force Base.
(6) Fair clear weather prevailed at the time.
(7) No picture or photographic evidence is known to have been obtained.
(8) No physical evidence of the sighting exists.
(9) No interception or identification action taken.
(10) No action of air activity in the general area at the time of the sighting is unknown.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
SAIN-12-20-52 39.7030-1/52
BECAUSE EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD ODDS WERE TRAVELING IN A NORTHERLY DIRECTION WHILE IN REALITY IT WAS TRAVELING IN A SOUTHWESTERLY DIRECTION.

- page 31 -

