The image does not contain any photograph. The document appears to be a Project Blue Book record card with various fields filled out, including the location "Woodland Hills, California" and the date "21 Dec 52".

Project 10023 RECORD CARD
21 Dec 52
WOODLAND HILLS, CALIFORNIA 
Type of Observation: V
Vss DURATION: 15 - 20 seconds
Object appeared from the 3 heading at a terrific velocity. It disappeared almost instantly - just like turning off a light. Object was similar to that of a jet aircraft traveling at a terrific velocity. Source is an Engineering Plant at a Rocket Test Lab.
NO CONCLUSION.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with various questions and fields for the observer to fill out about their sighting of an unidentified object.

Transcription of the text in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other _________

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the country
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
All I can recall is that I was moving along the highway when this peculiar object in the sky caught my eye. It was hovering and appeared to be reflecting the sunlight. I stopped my car and watched it for some time.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  c. East  e. South  g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes  No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  c. East  e. South  g. West 
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  c. East  e. South  g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was above the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 180 degrees. 
b. From horizon 35 degrees.

- page 2 -

The image contains two sketches. The larger sketch on the left appears to show an object in the sky leaving a trail or burst of lights. The smaller sketch on the right shows two perspectives of a landscape, one showing a person standing on a road, and the other showing a distant horizon.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

ATLANTIC HIGHLAND S. N.J.  
34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. Strong wind
b. Slight breeze 
c. No wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Overcast or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
2 Day 6 Month 52 Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? 
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It was a bright object which suddenly appeared out of nowhere and was caused by some natural phenomenon in the sky, perhaps a meteor or some other celestial body passing through the atmosphere.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or page from a report.

i believe it means to say that the making of the many persons in was taken to to no cause the case the air :

it meant to be some kind unusual unidentified celestial object high flying possibly over trees with light rays coming from it difficult to determine

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2,200 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 25,000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street City Zone State N.J.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
What is your present job? TEACHER
Age: MALE 30 Sex: MALE
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school APPRENTICESHIP,P.G.,P.A.-N.U.C. Other special training MIDSHIPMAN'S AS ABOVE
c. College 27-1'D-5PELL, P.D.,P.A.--N.U.C.
d. Post graduate U.S.P.E.N.N.A. COMMUNICATIONS SCHOOL

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 Jan 1953

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a handwritten report describing a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and used as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, or additions that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in a clear and concise manner, even though some repetition may be necessary if they are needed.

The handwritten text describes an observation of an unidentified object that was bright, round, and reflecting sunlight. The object was estimated to be about 20 feet in diameter and moved rapidly. The observer reported that the object moved in an unusual manner and that there was no sound associated with it.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

OCR Output:
the speed was intermittent and moderateeatiating about 3 minutes duration observed what appeared to be three separate discnear each other in the sky over Woodland Hills, California at approximately 9:00 p.m. on Dec. 0, 1952. 

a) The speed of which appeared to be between 600 and 1000 mph, estimated.

b) The apparent size was that of a medium to large aircraft at normal cruising altitude.

c) The color was a luminous whiteffecrresembling a magnesium flare.

d) There was no sound at all - no engine noise or other sounds.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a questionnaire form with various questions about a reported observation of an unidentified object.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for additional details.

1. When did you see the object? _August_ - _1_ - _1952_
2. Time of day: _10:30__ Hour - _0_Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? _Woodland Hills_ Additional remarks: _California_ City or Town - _State or Country_
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. _30_ Hours _0_ Minutes _0_ Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Twilight d. Night e. Just a trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, presenting a questionnaire with various questions about an observed unidentified flying object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? (Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time?: Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?: Yes 
c. Break up into parts or explode?: Yes
d. Fade out or disappear?: Yes
e. Change brightness?: Yes
f. Change shape?: Yes
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?: Yes

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): a. Yes (If move behind:)

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): a. Yes (If moved in front of:)

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? 

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Yes/No):
a. Eyeglasses: Yes
b. Sun glasses: No
c. Windshield: No
d. Window glass: Yes

- page 10 -

The image shows a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO or unidentified flying object. The sketch depicts the object as having an elongated, oval-like shape with some sort of trail or exhaust behind it. The person who filled out the report described the object as having a fuzzy or blurred appearance, and also indicated that there were multiple objects traveling in the same direction.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: like a swish, like a rush of air
b. Color: greenish-grayish, color not definite, changeable

17. Draw all the details of the sketch of the object or objects. Label and include all the details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an official air mail document from the Western Air Procurement District, discussing a FLYOBRIT report.

The full text of the document is as follows:

WESTERN AIR PROCUREMENT DISTRICT
Rm. 3009, Washington Bldg.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA

IN REPLY REFER TO
FILING SYMBOL: WITP 
350.09  

SUBJECT: FLYOBRIT

TO: Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center
      ATAC-AC Wr1ght-patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. Mr. L. D. Johnson, 102 North Topanga Canyon Road, Woodland Hills, California, who is employed as an Engineering Fisherman by North American Aviation, informed Officer that on or about December 26, 1952, approximately 6:00 P.M., while Mr. and Mrs. Johnson were in their back yard, they observed an object which appeared to go in a vertical and upward direction across the sky. This object appeared from the south, heading in a northeasterly direction, leaving a long trail of fire of a yellowish-reddish cast, very distinct as it passed through the sky. The object remained in sight for about 15 to 20 seconds before diminishing but shooting upward at a terrific velocity. It was encountered at its source; like a dart of an arrow, fanned out toward the end.

2. This report is forwarded in accordance with provisions of paragraph 7c(2)(b), AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:
EDWARD T. HENŽLIK
1st Lt. USAF 
Air Provost Marshal
INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text and illustrations.

Transcription of the text on the image:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. ____ feet.

22. How large did the other or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length? 
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin 
b. Dime
c. Nickel
d. Quarter
e. Half dollar
f. Silver dollar
g. Baseball
h. Grapefruit
i. Basketball
j. Other _________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.):
a. Certain
b. Not very sure
c. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Gradually became smaller and swifter and then disappeared from view.

24. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or object which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Cylindrical object Oval shape Bright star-like object.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text content of the document is as follows:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane
e. At a drive-in movie
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? 
The witness was driving when he noticed the object in the sky. He watched the object for some time.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North __135__ degrees.
b. From horizon __75__ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North __180__ degrees. 
b. From horizon __60__ degrees.

- page 14 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line labeled "A" and "B" to illustrate how high an object was above the horizon (skyline) when it was first seen. The second sketch shows two larger illustrations. The one on the left depicts a person standing on a road with trees and buildings in the background, while the one on the right shows a landscape with a road leading to the horizon.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness regarding a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Text transcribed from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember  

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day 23 Month 12 Year 52

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see the others?
[Redacted]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? 
[Redacted]

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document page with a questionnaire or form.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2200 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 25,000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
Last Name [redacted] First Name [redacted] Middle Name
ADDRESS: [redacted] Street [redacted] City [redacted] Zone [redacted] State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present job? Teacher
Age: 25 Sex: Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school -
b. High school -
c. College UFT Social Science d.f. Other special training
d. Post graduate -

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 13 52
Month Day Year

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet, which is a form used to document and report UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text from the document:

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: (Do Not Write In This Space)
CODE:

DATE: December 9, 1952

The initial thing to come to my attention was a strange object in the sky, which attracted my attention due to its unusual appearance and movements. It was hovering and seemed to be under intelligent control as it made abrupt changes in direction and speed. It was a brilliant, silvery-white object of considerable size and seemed to be metallic in nature. It remained in view for several minutes, during which time it carried out a series of seemingly purposeful maneuvers. At one point it appeared to project a beam of light downward. When it finally disappeared, it did so at tremendous speed, streaking across the sky and out of sight in a matter of seconds. The entire incident was highly unusual and inexplicable in terms of any conventional aircraft that I am familiar with.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a handwritten document or report.

Text output:

That looked like something very fast
being passed out into the space. However, 
they were no single observer, the closest
light person were out for the time be
ing. Then something moved as a disappear
ance.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a letter dated December 18, 1952, addressed to the "Commanding General" and the "Director of Intelligence" from the Eastern Air Procurement District in New York. The letter discusses the forwarding of a report related to an incident that occurred in Atlantic Highlands, New Jersey on December 12, 1952.

The text of the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
EASTERN AIR PROCUREMENT DISTRICT 
333 MADISON AVENUE
NEW YORK 21, NEW YORK

18 December 1952

SUBJECT: INCIDENT

TO: Commanding General
Air Material Command
Wright-Patterson AF Base
Ohio

Director of Intelligence,
Headquarters, USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

1. In accordance with the provisions of AF Letter 200-5, dated 4 September 1952, the report dated 12 December 1952, received from Atlantic Highlands, N. J., is forwarded for necessary action by your office.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

/s/ George Gales, Jr.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Inspector General

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed letter on Project Blue Book stationery. The letter describes an incident where the author and their colleague observed an unidentified object in the sky that exhibited strange behavior, such as a sudden flash of light and rapid movements. They state that this object was not an airplane, as there were no red or green lights, no contrails, and the object's movements were significantly different from an airplane. The letter is dated December 12, 1952 and is addressed to the United States Air Force Intelligence Division in New York.

Text extracted from the document:

United States Air Force
Intelligence Division
New York, New York

Dear Sir:

Mr. [redacted] and myself are teachers at the [redacted] last night we started from the station origin. Suddenly we noticed a meteor-like flash to the appearance of the flash we saw over-like object moving from the right to the left. The object continued moving slowly at first, then suddenly shot away toward the right in an erratic path, crossing through the sky, and headed toward the right in an erratic path. It continued to move swiftly away toward the right.

Mr. [redacted] and myself served in the armed forces. He was an ensign in the navy and I was a soldier GI.

We were led to believe this object was not an airplane because:
a. There were no red or green lights or flashing of lights
b. There was almost no forward motion or turn
c. The changes of course were so marked and swift that we be-lieve it could not have been an airplane
d. The changes of course were so marked and swift that we be-lieve it could not have been an airplane

Very truly yours,
[Redacted]

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows a typed letter from the Air Technical Intelligence Center addressed to a recipient in Atlantic Highlands, New Jersey. The letter discusses the reporting of an unidentified flying object and requests the recipient to complete information sheets and return them to the center.

Transcription of the text in the document:

BJr/pog/56365
2 JAN 1953

Atlantic Highlands, New Jersey

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

The Air Technical Intelligence Center has received your letter which was concerned with the Unidentified Flying Object, New York, New York, in which you and Mr. [REDACTED] observed an unidentified object. In order that we may obtain as much detailed information as possible, this Center has devised a Data Information Sheet, two copies of which are included. It is requested that you and Mr. [REDACTED] complete these data sheets and return them to this Center as your earliest possible convenience.

Your action in reporting this incident is greatly appreciated by the Air Force.

Sincerely,

ROBERT E. KENNEDY
Major, USAF
Air Intelligence Officer

[Handwritten text at the bottom of the page]
DESIGNATE AUTHORIZED OFFICE OF RECORD
OFFICIAL FILE COPY

- page 22 -

There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document page from Project Blue Book. The page appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire for gathering information about unidentified aerial objects observed by witnesses.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 11-22-52
2. Time of day: 10:30 MINUTES
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Nearest Postal Address: NEW JERSEY State or Country
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 30 SECONDS
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 23 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a page filled with questions and answer choices related to the observation of a UFO.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight -- pitch dark d. Don't remember
9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember
10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?: (Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other _____
11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know
12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): a. Yes IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: b. Don't Know
13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): a. Yes IF you answered YES, than tell what it moved in front of: b. Don't Know
14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire with questions and blank spaces for responses.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - fuzzy, humming noise
b. Color - glowing, yellowish white center, dark periphery

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing of an object with a glowing center and dark periphery]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fussy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 25 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin      g. Silver dollar
                 b. Pea               h. Baseball
                 c. Dime             i. Grapefruit
                 d. Nickel           j. Basketball
                 e. Quarter          k. Other __________

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Not very certain
c. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? --------- blick out a;; at once, no trail

24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you were actually there at the time. Of what was the object which you made will be, and what things would you notice about it? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a) a round or ovoid object about 25-35 feet wide, moving swiftly and silently
b) it appeared dark against the sky, of a peculiar shape reminiscent of an atom bomb
c) it seemed to be of metallic or shiny surface, without any openings or projections

- page 26 -

