The image contains a Project Blue Book record card. There is no photograph present in this image. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

PROJECT 16373 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
AUG 28
2. LOCATION
MARCH AFB, Calif.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
1949 FSZ
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
G-round-Radar
5. PHOTOS
No
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 seconds
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Oval shape
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
9. COURSE
330
10. COMMENTS
Jet c/c in area. Approx 10,000 feet above ground. Moved at high speed.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AF FORM 112 - PART I
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Observed Near March Air Force Base, Southern California
DATE OF INFORMATION: 18 September 1952

1. This is a report of alleged "flying saucers" in the vicinity of March Air Force Base, Southern California, on 18 September 1952.

2. A summary of the description follows:
a. The object was oval shaped; it left no vapor trail; no sound was noted and no propulsion system was visible. The object was estimated to be 25,000 to 30,000 feet in altitude. The object was observed for approximately 20 minutes. It was visible only while in the sun's rays. It was estimated to be travelling at a speed of 250 to 300 miles per hour.
b. The occurrence was at 1515 hours. The length of time observed was approximately 20 minutes.
c. The sighting was made by 2 Air Force airmen while they were watching the late afternoon sky over the March Air Force Base area. No other observers were in the immediate vicinity of one another.
d. No calibrating instruments were available. The 2 observers were in the immediate vicinity of one another.
e. No estimate of reliability can be attempted by the reporter.
f. Conditions were clear and unlimited. No report on wind conditions is available.
g. A rough sketch is enclosed.

1. (Lt Col) A/20 Darrell Clarksun
2. SAC 3/52 George F. Miller

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, that describes an unidentified flying object sighting.

Object sighted at about 1915 hours 27 Aug 52 from Edgemont. Directly overhead.
(a) Object shaped like a football. Our first impression was that of something akin to a searchlight flame, which illuminated from within. The sun reflected from its color that seemed that of a military plane.
b. There was no sound - vapor trail, etc.
c. Object traveled in a straight line.
d. Object traveled at a great speed - much faster than any aircraft.
e. Object was visible for a period of about thirty seconds.
f. Object was visible only during the time it took for it to cross the area covered by the sun's rays and disappeared upon leaving that area.
g. A jet fighter proceeded in the direction from which the object came - about ten minutes later.

s/s/ s/sgt George F. Fuller
807th Supply Squadron

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a written account of a UFO sighting. Here is the text from the document:

28 August 1952

When the object was disappearing was about the only time you could determine that it was oval shaped. There was only one object, and it did leave a vapor trail.

What I noticed mostly was the unusual light and the speed. It looked liked a shooting star except that it was about 25 thousand feet and was moving in a straight flight southwest. As soon as it got out of the rays of the sun it disappeared. I would say it was about 30 seconds after I had first seen it. I was in amazement at the time at a refueling.

The weather was very clear at the time. About 5 minutes later there was a jet aircraft flying west and one to the east. At the speed of the two jet aircraft I would say the object was travelling 2 to 3 times as fast.

s/t/ A/2C Darrell Clarkson

- page 4 -

