There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, containing various fields such as date, time, location, type of observation, number of objects, course, and a brief summary of the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 29 Apr 52
2. LOCATION: Marshall, Texas
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1530
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
   a. Ground-Radar
   b. Air-Visual
   c. Civilian
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
6. COURSE: 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1-1/2 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
White color. Round. Straight and level. Seemed to oscillate to one side.
11. COMMENTS:

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of an unclassified report from Headquarters Strategic Air Command, Offutt Air Force Base in Omaha, Nebraska, dated 2 May 1952.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND
OFFUTT AIR FORCE BASE
OMAHA, NEBRASKA

DTIC 35031 
SUBJECT: Transmittal of Personal Letter Reporting Unidentified Flying Object.

TO: Commanding General 
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

ATTN: AFOIN-ATION

The enclosed letter is forwarded for your information.

/s/ EDWARD J. RUPPELT
M/Sgt, USAF
Adj Gen

1 Incl
Personal Letter (cy)

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;  
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

Dear Sir:
This incident of the saucer peak than Manmade from Marshal Texas can be dated up to this day and hour as an unexplained aerial object phenomenon.
The subject was observed by myself this evening at approximately 7:30 P.M. central time as a bright luminous green object, egg-shaped in form, moving silently and at a high rate of speed at an estimated altitude of around 10,000 feet. The speed was approximately 1,000 miles per hour or greater. This object was observed for a period of approximately 60 seconds before disappearing from view at a point high in the western sky. The object did not leave a trail and did not appear to be an airplace, meteorite, or any other known aerial object.
To the best of my knowledge this incident is unexplained and should be thoroughly investigated as a legitimate unidentified flying object phenomenon.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten notes, likely an old UFO sighting report from Project Blue Book.

1. Date object was observed: 5/15/52
2. Time object was first seen: About 9:30 PM
3. Place from which you observed the object: Near Marshall, Texas
4. How was object observed (naked eye, binoculars, etc.): Naked eye, binoculars, etc.
5. What were you doing when the object was first observed? Searching for meteors
6. What attracted your attention to the object? Bright light high in sky, white and green color with spots, grew to about 2 times the size of the moon
7. a. Direction from which object appeared (degree or direction): Appeared to the north, traveled eastward.
   b. Direction in which object disappeared (degree or direction): Approximately 30 to 35 degrees east.
   c. Elevation object appeared (degrees above horizon): 30 to 35 degrees.
   d. Elevation object disappeared (degrees above horizon): Approximately 30 to 35 degrees.
   e. Shape of flight path of object (straight and level, arched, etc.): Appeared to be completely straight and level, arched slightly to the east.
   f. How did object disappear (grew dimmer, go out suddenly, etc.): Disappeared suddenly.
8. Length of time the object was observed: Approximately 1.5 to 2 minutes.
9. Description of object: One object, bright light, white and green in color with spots, grew to about 2 times the size of the moon.
   a. How many objects were seen? One
   b. Apparent size of object: As large as - about 2 times the size of the moon.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Apparent speed of object: Exceeded
Apparent altitude of object: Approximately 10,000 feet
Shape of object: Appeared to be round
Color of object: White
Did object perform any maneuvers, if so describe: Observed object descending and then ascending rapidly
Did object make any sound, if so describe: No sound
Were any tails or trails seen? No
Draw sketch: No sketch provided
What type of day was it (hazy, clear, etc.)? Clear
Clouds: Yes
Were any clouds in sky at time of observation? No
Did object pass above, below, or near any clouds? No
Did object reflect light on the clouds? Not applicable
What is your occupation? Phy research, Texas
Any details that cannot be fully explained by the above questions: None

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, with handwritten text.

Transcription of the text:

I have been a private pilot for twenty years and this is the first time I have seen such an object as appeared in the sky over Marshall, Texas on May 23, 1952.

Name: [redacted]
Address: [redacted]
Date: May 23, 1952

- page 6 -

