The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the following text found in the document:

PROJECT 10023 RECORD CARD
27 JUL 52
WHITE PLAINS, N.Y.
LOCATION
27/Jul/52 EST
SIGHTING 
1 
WITNESSES
CIVILIANS Woman
NUMBER OF CASES - 1
4 EDWARD J. 
The large "flying saucers" which made a whirring sound and were "flying on edge" observed by woman in White Plains, N.Y.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, which contains a questionnaire or survey form.

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared? 
(Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above two questions. (5 and 5.1):
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes or No

10. How was the object seen?
(Circle One): a. Through window glass b. Through windshield c. Through open door or window d. Through telescope

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One):
a. No wind b. Slight breeze c. Strong wind d. Don't remember

11.3 WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry b. Fog, Mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One):
a. Cold b. Cool c. Warm d. Hot e. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a survey or questionnaire about a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

SECTION 6

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?
Hours - Minutes - 60 Seconds

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
a. Certain b. Fairly sure c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look (Circle One) solitary or transparent?

14. Did the object at any time:
14.1 Change direction? Yes No Don't know
14.2 Change speed? Yes No Don't know
14.3 Change size? Yes No Don't know
14.4 Change shape or parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
14.6 Get off course? Yes No Don't know
14.7 Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
14.8 Flicker, pulsate, or flutter? Yes No Don't know
14.9 Remain motionless? Yes No Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know 

15.1 IF you answered YES, what was the color of the light?

16. Tell me how you would describe the following things about the object:
16.1 Sound: Muffled like a distant object, passing information, but not distinctly audible.
16.2 Color: Blue-white, glowing, slowly changing colors.

17. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? TWO
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

North
[Hand-drawn sketch showing two objects traveling northward]
Traveled toward me from the south, but veered off to the east. I saw them for several minutes as they moved rapidly overhead.

- page 3 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know 
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
it moved in front of something which gradually grew smaller and smaller.
18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the 
object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea
b. Baseball
c. Basketball
d. Bicycle wheel
e. Office desk
19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are 
of your answer to Question 19.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain
20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? feet.
20.2 How far was it from you? feet or miles per hour.
20.3 How fast was it going? miles per hour.
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are 
of your answer to the above questions:
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess
21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly
b. Gradually 
It gradually disappeared because apparently it disappeared from my view and it disappeared almost as if by a remote control or by the gradual fading away. The last I saw was at time a small silvery object and it disappears, out of my view.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather diagrams and text. The diagrams show the position of an object relative to the observer's line of sight, with an "A" marking the initial position and a "B" marking the final position. The text describes the motion of the object, stating that it traveled very smoothly and steadily, and mentions seeing a series of round objects.

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "B" to show where it was when when you last saw it.

Overhead
|
|
|
|
|
|
Your eye
|
|
Horizon

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead
A--------------B
Horizon
Your eye

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

Traveled very smoothly. When object appeared to be rotating, it seemed to me to be oscillating or teetering and to have a wobbling up and down motion, but the motion was very steady as if on an invisible axis. There were also a number of round objects forming a V-shaped line coming in at one side, at a lower elevation, and dropping straight down behind the original object. The line of round objects was flying in a steady regular pattern, all maintaining perfect spacing. The round objects disappeared but the original object continued on toward the horizon. I watched it until it was lost from sight, but would prefer not to estimate the time as it is difficult to be sure in an incident like this.

- page 5 -

The image contains a drawing that appears to depict a UFO or unidentified aerial object. The drawing shows two circular shapes, which seem to be the "shape of the object" that the observer is being asked to draw in the instructions on the page. There is no further photographic evidence included in this scanned document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include any details or the object that you saw, and place them beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this? (Circle one) YES

26.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It would seem to be a large and too beautiful,I would say,to be the product of any earth we know of.While at the same time it was a source of light which lent an unnatural brightness and sharpness to the scene.I think it may have been a looking at some point in the sky.

28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Mrs. John H. White   
ADDRESS: 125 Park Avenue   City: New York   State: NY
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
What is your present job? Housewife   Age: 54   Sex: Female
Last School Attended: Bates College, Maiden, Mass.
Year of last attendance at this school: 1912
Since studied art and portrait painting

- page 6 -

There is a photograph present in the image, which appears to be a diagram or sketch depicting the sighting of two UFO objects on July 17, 1952 in White Plains, NY. The image includes annotations describing the sighting, including details about the objects' movement and appearance.

Twin objects sighted by in White Plains, N.Y.
July 17, 1952 at 3:10 p.m. EDT

These objects took approximately 60 seconds to travel between points indicated. About 3 to 4 seconds to make single turn and vanish.

The image contains the following text:

Twin objects sighted by July 17, 1952 at 3:10 p.m. EDT ESE  
These objects took approximately 60 seconds to travel between points indicated. About 3 to 4 seconds to make single turn and vanish.  
[Sketch/diagram showing the objects' movement]  
Fig I. Shows how it appeared to ascend, one sphere here became out in halves as though going through a side wing of a theatrical stage.  
Fig II. At this stage only one sphere was visible, as large and jet as brilliant as when making beginning of night angle turn with its twin.  
Fig III. This last sphere halves as the first and then vanished instantly.  
Fig I I am of the opinion that if these objects had been that of pilots returning from horizon

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a sketch or hand-drawn illustration showing the observation of two circles or objects that were seen in the sky.

This sketch shows how the two circles appeared coming directly from the North toward the observer, traveling constantly on an even keel, as though attached together. The circles appeared larger than the sun and were moving in an eastward direction, before vanishing almost instantly. The observer had to keep turning their eyes to follow the motion of the circles until they disappeared from view.

This observation was made on July 17, 1952 at about 3:10 P.M. DIST by an unnamed observer in White Plains, N.Y. The document instructs the reader to see page 7 of the questionnaire for the description and color of these circles.

- page 8 -

The shared image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

ISG* NBR 1248 
C-1 
FT ROSLYN N Y 
ACC - C, AMC APGAL DAYTON OHIO ATTNS MCIS 
RADC CENT OGDEN SPRINGS COLD FWDG DIR OF INTEL STEWART H DIS UNCAUSSIFIED

ADAC 1299: 
FOLG RPT OF UNCONVENTIONAL ACTS. RECD THIS HOS FULLY AT 1327Z. ACCORDING TO WITNESS 
SHOOTING UP OF UR OCNG A 50 CAL GUN 38 ROUNDS SHOOTING UP- OCCASIONALLY FYSTAHLINE CROSSED SKY IN
NORTHWEST TO SOUTHEAST. WITNESSES SIGHT THROUGH SIGHTS OF GUN THAT OBJECT APPEARED ABOUT SIZE OF 
A SILVER DOLLAR AT ARMS LENGTH AGAINST THE CLEAR SKY. OBSERVERS ESTIMATED OBJECT WAS TRAVELING

40 MILES PER MINUTE AT THEIR SAME ALT WOULD HAVE BEEN INDESCRIBABLY FAST.GASSING WEST TO SOUTHEAST.
ALSO WHITE PLAINS S 9754 - 5 MILES E OF WHITE PLAINS LAS.
 - MILES - WINDS SOUTH; + MILES PER HR. UNK - VISIBILITY 1/2 MILE. REP'T NEGATIVE. H. NEGATIVE.
24/1142Z JULY 

PARAPHRASED NOT REQUIRED. SEE CRYPTO-CENTER 
BEFORE UNCUSSIFIED

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically an "Air Intelligence Information Report" dated July 17, 1952.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT OF UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT

LOCATION: WHITE PLAINS, NEW YORK
DATE-TIME GROUP: 22 JULY 1952 - 17 JULY 1952
SUBMITTED BY: LIEUTENANT JG CHARLES R. CHASE, USAF

SUMMARY: On 22 JULY 1952, a witness reported the sighting of several unidentified flying objects in the sky over WHITE PLAINS, NEW YORK, on 17 JULY 1952. The objects were moving from northwest to southeast, and were accompanied by a whirring sound. The objects crossed the sky in 5-6 seconds, and appeared to be flying at an altitude which would have been indistinguishable. The witness was of the opinion that the objects were flying at a very high speed and at an extremely high altitude. The weather at the time of the sighting was clear and visibility was unlimited.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT". The text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
White Plains, N.Y., 17 July 1952 
SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Aircraft
DATE/TIME: 12 July 1952, 22:50 EST
LOCATION: White Plains, N.Y.
SOURCE: Civilian, Robert H. Greenewald Jr. (USAF, Ret.)
OBSERVATION:
1. Report of Unidentifed Aircraft, 12 July 1952, White Plains, N.Y., reported sighting in grid EK 1425. Objects were moving from Northwest to Southeast.
2. Objects described as flying accompanied by whirling sound, occasionally crystalline, crossed the sky in 5 to 6 seconds. They left no trail and their altitude would have been indistinguishable. The objects were flying under their own power.
3. The weather at the time of the sighting was clear and visibility fifteen (15) miles, wind south at three (3) miles per hour.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 11 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram depicting a UFO sighting. The text on the document describes the sighting and provides details about the observed objects, including their shape, size, and motion. It mentions that the observer was unable to understand why the objects appeared as perfect circles at all times, and that the observer had difficulty sketching the objects due to their rapid movements and changing angles.

The text is as follows:

Major Robert R. Kennedy, 
Air Technical Intelligence Center, 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, 
Ohio.

Attention: AFOIM-ATJAA-3
Subject: Twin Objects sighted in White Plains 7/17/52

Dear Sir:

I am enclosing with this letter another sketch I have drawn of the Twin Objects observed and reported to me on July 29, 1952. In my previous sketch I sent along with a filled out questionnaire August 8, I drew only the first of the twin objects I saw. This time I have drawn both the twin objects as I saw them. At the time I did not know how to sketch the different phases these twin objects went through, so I drew only the one I saw first. No doubt you have already arrived at the conclusion in the sky, making it more difficult for me to sketch these strange phases these twin objects went through. 

I have numbered on this sketch the different phases these twin objects presented and a description of each follows:

Fig. 1. This shows the beginning of the right angle turn, at which time the circles appeared to start diverging in size, remaining as two large Ferris Wheels made of crystals. It seemed to me that these spheres were attached as two spheres, but no attachments were visible, simply the two spheres, but no attachments. There was one bar and corner of frame which was well defined against the pale blue sky. The width of this frame-work in my sketch is approximately correct in relation to the dimensions of these spheres. I believe this is the beginning of the turn, which caused the two spheres to seem shorter and wider as if being viewed from an angle.

The whirling sound I had been hearing from the beginning seemed to increase as the turn commenced and the machinery, or whatever mechanism was contained within, sped up in making this right angle turn.

I hope this additional sketch and information will be of value in your studies of this type of aerial phenomenon. Please let me know if you require any additional data.

Sincerely yours,
...
White Plains, N.Y.
August 16, 1952

- page 12 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The object appears to be a dark, indistinct shape against a cloudy background. There are no other discernible details in the photograph.

Begin text extraction from the document:

WHITE PLAINS, N Y

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT SIGHTING

1. Date and Time of Observation: 7 July 1952, approximately 2255 hours.

2. Location of Observation: White Plains, New York.

3. Weather Conditions: Partly cloudy, some high cirrus clouds.

4. Narrative of Incident: The observer stated that while he was outside standing on the porch of his home, he observed a strange object in the sky to the northeast. The object was first seen at an estimated altitude of 5000 feet and moved in a northeasterly direction, disappearing behind some clouds. The observer stated the object was gray in color and appeared to be about 30 feet in diameter. He stated there were no lights visible on the object and that it made no sound. The observation lasted about 10 seconds.

5. Interpretation and Conclusion: Based on the information available, this sighting is classified as UNIDENTIFIED. The description of the object and its apparent flight characteristics do not fit any known conventional aircraft. No further investigation is planned.

APPROVED:
CHARLES L. McMILLAN, Lt Colonel, USAF
Commanding, 4708th Defense Wing

End of text extraction.

- page 13 -

The image contains a photograph of two spherical objects in the sky, described in the accompanying text as "Twin Objects sighted in White Plains, N.Y." The text provides a detailed description of the objects, including their movements and the observer's attempt to sketch them. However, the image does not contain any human faces, so I will not attempt to identify or name any individuals.

Subject-Twin Objects sighted in White Plains, N.Y. 
Fig. 11. Here are the spheres, including frame, tilted upward very suddenly. This unusual ascending and descending movement they made increased the noise as of a small steamer, such as the one that plies between Boston and Hingham.

As you will notice the top bar in this figure is practically unidentified and seems to be gadgets or attachments down in between the framework and spheres. However, this feature was altogether too indistinct for me to try to describe.

Fig. III. Only one big sphere remained, brilliant as when it made the right angles turns with it's twin, and the noise ceased somewhat at this point.

The one sphere remaining puzzled me as to why it was still visible, but I believe because of the sphere's altitude it could not be seen clearly as it completed the flight angle turn and one sphere was traveling directly behind the other in a straight away.

Fig. IV. This sphere was finally cut in halves like the first and then vanished instantaneously. The noise also ceased simultaneously. To get the exact effect of how they vanished from view you will see a strip of paper three quarters of an inch wide and draw it slowly across Fig. IV from right to left. You can now see what I mean.

Sunday August 24th, - I am investigating this case on which I had been asked to look into by a local gentleman. I first sighted these objects and reported to him that I thought I had been mistaken in saying they may have appeared more to the North Northeast. We agreed that they may have appeared more to the East Northeast.

I hope I have succeeded in giving you a clearer picture this time of this unidentified aerial object.

Very truly yours,

[REDACTED]

- page 14 -

The image contains a photograph of a document page from Project Blue Book, a military investigation into UFO sightings. The text in the document appears to be an official report dated September 17, 1952, from Major Robert R. Kenneady, Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

The text of the document is as follows:

Attention : TWIN-ATTA-5
Subject : Twin Objects sighted in White Plains
Date : July 17, 1952

Dear Sir:

In reporting the Twin Objects I sighted July 17 from my back yard, I undoubtedly witnessed an extremely strange and peculiar light display. They could not possibly be anything familiar. For at least a month, this peculiar feature a very dark secret for one whole month, when I felt I could no longer conceal. Therefore, on August 16 I made an appointment with the pastor of our church, bringing all correspondence I had had with your Intelligence Center for him to read. I then told him the secret and asked him if he thought it was advisable to withhold this information. I expressed, by the information I had received, that it could not be Russians, by any means. The twin objects I observed were identical, with no identification at all, since we least know they are not Russians. 

Since then I have watched newspapers and periodicals (yes going through past issues) for reports of a sighting, but none appeared, which makes me wonder why they did not come across the following information.

1. Time magazine of April 14, 1952 reported that Lancelot Hogben, F.R.S., gave a lecture to the British Interplanetary Society and the public stating that the earth "can perceive or record radiation in some form of the electromagnetic spectrum (extra-terrestrial neighbors) can perceive or record radiation in some form of the electromagnetic spectrum (extra-terrestrial neighbors)." Also assume that the earth can send such radiation strongly enough to signal deep space.

2. Read in our local paper that our Air Force had ordered pilots to shoot at unidentified objects they may come across in the sky.

3. Read in our New York City paper dated Sept. 15 that a ten foot tall monster was supposed to have alighted from a "Flying Saucer" down in Sutton, W.Va.

The very afternoon I sighted this Twin Object I felt it was a friendly sighting. Since it came from the north, if you will refer to my very first letter reporting this Twin Object I would up my letter by saying "this strange objects appeared to be listening to me." Now I am about to reveal some of this information, but this other feature which I am about to reveal.

First, as I wrote in my letter of Aug. 15 (explaining Fig. 1 of my sketch) the sound noticed at the beginning, very similar to noise made by a small steamer, a muffled staccato.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Subject - Twin objects sighted in White Plining, N. Y. 7/27/52
I found that there were three, not two as the report indicates. I'm not very happy to see however that the experience didn't leave me as quiet as I was in the early part of the evening. About 6 o'clock, on a quiet afternoon, the temperature being up in the 90's, no planes were flying. The children out playing in the neighborhood were away at camp. And the adults that were home were kept indoors due to the intense heat. So the conditions were perfect to see and hear every sound without any interference whatever.

In FIGURE III, as per the sketch, the twin objects took a sudden upswing and in this precisely depicted motion the most astounding features were observed. It was noticed that a third object seemed to come down in between the framework (which I now think was holding for beings aboard) and disappeared. It is now clear to me that these three objects seemed to be communicating between themselves, beings similar to ourselves. It was as though a door or a large one-way machine-like opening emerged in one of the trio after the others came near it. It was at this point that the object took this sudden upswing. A group of eight to ten people were observing this strange phenomenon. No motion picture was taken as suggested, for at the time it slipped my mind.

It has taken considerable courage for me to divulge this secret, but have no idea why, since I feel there is nothing to be ashamed of. I feel that the U.S. Government has engaged scientists to work in connection with this world-wide phenomena, who believe in keeping certain vital information from the public who have had the opportunity of seeing and hearing such astounding revelations. I understand the U.S. Government has engaged scientists to work in connection with the world-wide phenomena, so that the public in general can be properly informed as to who believes that the planets are inhabited, such as Dr. Walter Riedel and Dr. Maurice A. Biot.

Lancelot Hogben would be most interested in this voice feature. Would the Air Intelligence Service Chief check this letter?

The Editor of Club Dial, a monthly magazine put out by our Woman's Club Membership Closer to 900, of which I have been a member for the past twelve years has asked me to write an article on the "Saucers" I have sighted. I reluctantly decided your investigation who confined on my hand and may not allow me to write a word, except the "facts" on this station. I would not mention anything which the public is already for such a revelation.

Very truly yours
[Signature redacted]

- page 16 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this particular page.

Regarding the text:

Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same size paper if necessary.

My answer to 20.1
Since July 17, I have been trying to determine how high these two circles were, just before they vanished and appeared at their largest size. And I found that they appeared to be somewhat larger than one clear day I have observed. The bomber would look no larger than one of those circles. This thing seemed so small to me. I can show on paper the size of the figure - a diameter of a similar measurement. This proves to me that what I saw cannot be a bomber - this figure is only way I can answer this question. The ring spread about one half inch.

My answer to 20.2
The following is the only answer I can give as to how far it was away from me. When I first saw these objects, I would say they were to more than a quarter of an inch in diameter. At that time, I thought at first these pillars like disks were approaching as a bomber. But they immediately darted away from me so rapidly that I don't believe propellers would be discernible at that great distance, as in days to come may seem gradually approaching. It was so smooth and so much softer somehow. Upon seeing the sky nothing could be seen, so clear day. I couldn't understand why none were visible and so traveling and so smooth, it showed me two singles were identical. They were identical in shape, constantly in an upright position and were an even whirling and couldn't help but attribute the haze I was seeing to the whirling appearance reminded me of the nickel plated blades revolving in an electric fan. The things seemed to disappear all of a sudden. When this twin object disappeared at its largest size, it was an angular framework behind them of a few only the top bar and the left hand corner, which made me conclude the visible part had been traveling all the time.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. I will now perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document and provide the output:

my answer to 20-3

Again, no photograph determining how many miles an hour these twin
objects were traveling. The only thing I can say to give you an idea, is
this it took about 60 seconds for the two to travel between the two
points I observed them to travel in. I couldn't have been in
a better position to see them. going and coming, and only
could have had the opportunity I had.

It was the most beautiful sight of more breath taking than any planets
to be seen with the naked eye. it made a profound impression on me,
and when I got home 50 by 75 it went right to the director of dwellers on that
most unusual celestial apparitions.

Could I have been witnessing a couple of or planets doing an epieycle
they speak of in Ptolemaic astronomy?

I have never studied astronomy, but common sense tells me there would be
no framework to account for, note of a right angle turn.

- page 18 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, only a text-based document from Project Blue Book. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

1. When did you see the object?
1.1 Date: 7/8/52
1.2 Time of day: 3 10 A.M. or (P.M.) (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2:
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

2. Where did you see the object? White Plains, N.Y. City or Town State Country

3. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. In a building b. In an airplane c. At sea d. Other
3.1 Were you:
(Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Flying near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

- page 19 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a page from a project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR output:
4. How did you happen to notice the object? i was sitting on porch and saw a bright flashing light rising in the sky. Then a disc-shaped object came down slowly and I watched it for several minutes, then it went up and out of sight.

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day 19 Month July Year 1952 What happened Reported it to White Plains Police.

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Was on my back porch at my house in White Plains, N.Y. looking at a cat.

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each. Ordinarily I would be sitting on my porch looking at my lawn, and occasionally looking up at the sky. I had been sitting in that fashion for about twenty minutes, watching for birds when the object appeared.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No
IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions.

7.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

7.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes or No

- page 20 -

