The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely an old Project Blue Book UFO report.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image:

4 Civilian Witness
27 Aug 53

The report states:
"ABOVE REP
27 AUG 53
G.C.I. 3"
"REPORT OF SIGHTING"
"OBJECT MOVING IN AN IRREGULAR MANNER - MOVING VERY FAST"

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document that describes an incident where 17 "saucers" were reportedly sighted in the sky over the Bronx in New York.

OCR Output:

17 'SAUCERS' SIGHTED 
IN SKY OVER BRONX
BY HARRY SWIRSKY
A "might be just another 'flying saucer' tale. Yet it involves not one but seventeen mysterious objects. The "saucers"—which appeared reddish or- ange in color—were sighted in the sky over the Bronx last Saturday.
Seen by two women and two men, the objects were said to have "scient" through the sky for about 45 min- utes.
"It was so incredible, really. We all kept looking up at them," said Ifcla Acutis, 16, of 2422 Tiebout Ave.
"But it proved far more excit- ing than we might have imag-; ined," the said. "For we counted j 17 in all."
In a hazy speod through the sky the objects—which varied in size from a few inches up to about two feet across—were visible for only a few seconds at a time, Mrs.1 Acutis reported.
"Although they were visible for only a short time, we man- aged to count 17 in all," she said.
Rita's observations were cor- roborated by her neighbor, Mrs. Sylvia Pantelstein, of 2417 Tiebout Ave.
"They were definitely there," Mrs. Pantelstein said. "I was standing in my window and saw them plainly."
"It was most unusual. The sau- cers were sighted," Mrs. Pantelstein added, "and things like that, but this was different—and even a bit thrilling in a way."
Bolting than swooping swiftly, the objects were seen in the sky for a period of 45 minutes by the four witnesses.
The incident has been reported to Air Force officials, and they are said to be investigating.
In New York, 15 persons reported seeing a similar "flying saucer" craft through the downtown area late last Saturday night. Air Force officials were investigating a report of three "bright lights" which streaked over the nation's capital for two suc- cessive nights late last week.
Skeptics have already made a full- fledged attempt to overstate the myster-

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Air Technical Intelligence Center at the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio, dated August 15, 1952.

The text in the document is as follows:

AUG 15 1952

Miss [Redacted]
New York, New York

Dear Miss [Redacted],

Your recent report of unidentified aerial phenomena has been received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center. Included in a questionnaire, which was completed by you and returned in the indicated manner, is a standardized set of information concerning the data of the sighting and a summary of the occurrence.

Your interest in reporting the matter and your public spirited desire to be of service are greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

ROBERT E. KENNEDY
Major, USAF
Air Adjutant General

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a tentative observer's questionnaire.

TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE

SECTION A

2. When did you see the object?
    2.1 Date: Friday July 25, 1952
    2.2 Time of day: 10:15 A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
    2.3 Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific

3. Where did you see the object?
    New York, N.Y. City or Town U.S.A. State/Country

3. Where were you located when you saw the object?
    (Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In an airplane c. At sea d. Other

3.1 Were you:
    (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Flying near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

4. How did you happen to notice the object? First I was starting to walk with mother, sister and a friend, then the object caught our attention.

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? Monday, July 25, 1952

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Walking up the street. 

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? My mother, sister and I had been talking for the past 30 minutes.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No
If you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
7.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes or No

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing questions and multiple-choice answers related to a UFO sighting.

8. What direction were you facing when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

8.1 What direction were you facing when the object disappeared? 
(Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 

8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above two questions (8 and 8.1):
a. Definitely b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes No

10. How was the object seen? 
(Circle One): a. Through window glass b. Through windshield c. Through binoculars d. Through telescope e. Through sun glasses f. Other

11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Overcast or heavy clouds e. Don't remember
11.2 WIND (Circle One): a. Calm b. Slight breeze c. Strong wind d. Don't remember
11.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Don't remember
11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold b. Cool c. Warm d. Hot e. Don't remember

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a series of questions and fields for the observer to fill out.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

SECTION G

12. Estimate how long you saw the object?
12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
4. Certain
3. Fairly sure
2. Not very sure
1. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle one) solid or transparent?

14. Did the object at any time:
14.1 Change direction?        Yes     No     Don't know
14.2 Change speed?            Yes     No     Don't know
14.3 Change size?              Yes     No     Don't know
14.4 Change color?             Yes     No     Don't know
14.5 Break up into parts or explode?     Yes     No     Don't know
14.6 Give off smoke?           Yes     No     Don't know
14.7 Change brightness?        Yes     No     Don't know
14.8 Flicker, throb, or pulsate?        Yes     No     Don't know
14.9 Remain motionless?        Yes     No     Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes    No     Don't know
15.1 If you answered YES, what was the color of the light?

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
16.1 Sound  Hissing, whistling, slight noise
16.2 Color  Dazzling, reddish, orange color

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 4
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

They traveled in this group, all together

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text from the document is as follows:

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

18.2 Move in front of something? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know

19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object you saw? (Circle One):
a. Star b. Planet c. Automobile d. Small airplane e. Large airplane f. Bicycle wheel g. Office desk

19.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 19:
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Uncertain

20. Try to tell the following things about the object:
20.1 How high above the earth was it? _________ feet.
20.2 How far was it from you? _________ feet or _________ miles.
20.3 How fast was it going? _________ miles per hour.
20.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answers to the above questions:
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One): a. Suddenly b. Gradually c. Other d. Don't remember

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text and diagrams.

SECTION D

22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place a "D" to show where it was when when you last saw it.

Overhead
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Horizon
     Your eye

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

Overhead
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Horizon
     Your eye

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcripting the text from the image:

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

SECTION E

26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this? 
Yes

26.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?

27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Its origin & nature is somewhat of a mystery. The observed object was saucer like, high in the sky & moved in an erratic manner. Being a saucer like object, it is possible the object may have been some kind of aircraft, possibly of a secret or experimental nature.

23. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] Last Name, [Redacted] First Name, Middle Name [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Street, New York, New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job? Home
AGE: 16
Sex: Girl
Last School Attended: Industrial Art
Year or last attendance at this school: [Redacted]

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Page 8

29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No

29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
- mother
- sister
mrs. --------------------------
new york city, new york 

30. Please add here any further comments which you believe are important. The additional sheets or the same size paper if necessary.

Although these effects seemed impressive, I am quite familiar with airplanes, ships and other conventional objects. There is no doubt that what I saw was something unusual and quite novel. It appeared to be a metallic object suspended in the sky some distance above ground level, and was observed for ten or fifteen minutes as it moved silently around.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which includes a handwritten note that states "This case contains a 1 1/2 x 7 1/2 inches watercolor drawing."

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image:

This case contains a 1 1/2 x 7 1/2 inches watercolor drawing.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from the Air Force Section, Armed Forces Public Information Center in New York City, dated July 31, 1952.

AIR FORCE SECTION
ARMED FORCES PUBLIC INFORMATION CENTER
90 CHURCH STREET
NEW YORK CITY

31 July 1952

Lieutenant Edward Ruppell
Air Technical Intelligence
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Lieutenant Ruppell:

Forwarded as a matter of interest, in connection with "Flying saucers".

Sincerely,

HARVEY S. BIVKINS
Chief, Air Force Section, JAP PIO

1. Incl 1. Ltr NY Post
dtd 29 Jul 52
2. No Incl
3. Drawing
4. News clipping
NY Post dtd
29 Jul 52

- page 13 -

The shared image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a letter on the letterhead of the New York Post, dated July 29, 1952, addressed to the Air Force Public Relations in New York. The letter mentions a clipping of a story about flying saucers being spotted in the Bronx, and the writer is enclosing the original letter and drawing for the recipient's information.

Text extracted from the document:

July 29, 1952

Air Force Public Relations 
90 Church Street
New York, N.Y.

Dear Sir:

This is a clipping of a story we ran
on flying saucers being spotted in the Bronx. 
I'm enclosing the original letter and drawing for
your information.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 14 -

The image contains two photographs. The one on the left appears to show a rocky or dusty terrain with some indistinct markings or shapes. The one on the right appears to show a similar terrain or landscape, with some handwritten annotations describing the content of the image.

The text in the document reads as follows:

One at the left the marks on the ground and directiom in which they are placed.
Three above here - pic -
The at the left the direction ision and distance on the ground.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document, which appears to be part of a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Dear sir:
By the time you have already looked at the pictures you can guess it concerns the flying bananas or whatever they may be.
they appeared at exactly 10:15 P.M. on July 25, 1952 – Friday. Mrs. and Mrs. [REDACTED], Mrs. [REDACTED], and myself saw these strange objects. When we first spotted them, they seemed to be going south very fast. Then they made a round turn and headed north. They seemed to be several in a close formation and had a white light that seemed to be at the nose. We didn't see any wings or tails. They were going at a terrific speed. After we watched them for a few minutes, they suddenly disappeared, hidden by the buildings. They were only visible for a short time. Why were they there? What were they? We can't understand it. Please let us know if you have any explanation for this. We would appreciate hearing from you.
Sincerely,
[REDACTED]

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Dear sir:
By the time we have already looked at the picture you can guess it came around 10:15 P.M on July 25, 1952. Friday: Mrs. Sawyer, Mrs. Miller, and myself saw these strange objects in the sky. We first spotted them, they appeared quite large and traveled towards the east. They revealed a greenish fluorescent glow and seemed to be about 10 seconds in duration. After they moved out of sight, we watched for several minutes but didn't see any more of them. We would be glad to give you any other details you may desire.

- page 17 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on what appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and output the text found in the document:

probably trained  with type
speeds, appeared to be ob-
 ject quite slowly because of
their height.

Range was from their
Pictures of any sort which
a range could see a slight
half and one-half arc. They
also appeared quite luminous.

I am 16 years old and a
kind of the School Proctor
to quite complete, but I
mail any more information
you call or write to me.

Sincerely yours,

This is no gay.

on phone (DA 3-9149 Ext 44)

- page 18 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be a sketch or drawing of a "flying saucer" or unidentified flying object (UFO) sighted over the Bronx area of New York City. The headline states "17 'Saucers' Sighted In Sky Over Bronx".

The text in the document reads as follows:

City to Close 100 'Firetraps' in Bronx
Hundreds of Bronx dwellings, called "firetraps", will be closed by the Bureau of Housing Inspection, it was revealed yesterday. As a result, an estimated 500 families will be affected. Louis C. Guaraldi, Housing Inspection Chief, said the department was able to obtain warrants to close the buildings, many of which did not have proper fire escapes and other essential equipment. In addition, the dwellings were overcrowded and in an extremely poor condition.

17 'Saucers' Sighted In Sky Over Bronx
Harry Swartz, 21, who owns a home at 3220 Decatur Ave., the Bronx, told the Park police he spotted 17 "flying saucers" in the sky over the Bronx on July 23. "They might appear to be just another 'flying saucer'," he said. "But 17 of them, all in a bunch, really made me sit up and take notice." Swartz said the objects were visible for about 20 minutes. At first they appeared to be about the size of a dime at arm's length and then grew larger as they moved away. Swartz said the objects made no noise and seemed to be moving at a high rate of speed. Police are continuing their investigation.

City Acts To Relieve Traffic Snarl
The Traffic Department today gave notice that Pelham Pkwy., N. and Bronx Park East, and Bronx Park East will be closed to traffic from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. tomorrow. This is being done to permit the closing of gaps in the medial strip. Traffic Commissioner George E. Speck said this will be continued daily until the work is completed. He said this was one of the urgent actions taken to alleviate the traffic congestion in the northeast Bronx area.

Boy Held Without Bail Shooting of Boy Friend and Brother Accused
William J. Samuels, 19, of 3257 Sedgwick Ave., the Bronx, accused of shooting and wounding his boy friend and the boy's brother, was held without bail for the Grand Jury yesterday by Magistrate Louis J. Burger in the Bronx Traffic Court.

- page 19 -

Based on the image, there appears to be a sketch or diagram of a "flying saucer" formation, as described in the text below the image. The image shows an irregular, saucer-shaped object with a trail of dots or objects behind it. There are also some markings or text in the image, but no other photographic elements.

The text output from the document is as follows:

This is a sketch of the "flying saucer" formation drawn by Rita and three others after witnessing across the skies. The original has been sent to Air Force officials.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only handwritten text. The text reads:

"A would have pertiflio information in center. But, it was on my vacation in youngstown Ohio. P.S. Here is a clipping on what a paw."

- page 21 -

