There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a Project Blue Book record card with various fields filled out, including the date, location, type of observation, number of objects, and a brief summary of the sighting. The summary states that "Spot could have been due to several things - all faulty in development."

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE - 52
2. LOCATION - Washington, D.C. 
3. DATE-TIME GROUP - 07/05/52
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION - D Ground-Visual
   D Air-Visual
   D Air-Intercept Radar
5. PHOTOS - Yes
6. SOURCE - civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION - 1
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS - 1
9. COURSE - 
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING - Spot could have been due to several things - all faulty in development.
11. COMMENTS - Photo submitted to ATIC for examination of "spot".
12. CONCLUSIONS - D Was Balloon
                 D Possibly Balloon
                 D Was Aircraft
                 D Probably Aircraft
                 D Was Astronomical
                 D Probably Astronomical
                 D Insufficient Data for Evaluation
                 D Unknown

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from the United States Department of the Interior Geological Survey in Washington D.C., dated April 18, 1952.

UNITED STATES
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

April 18, 1952

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio,

Gentlemen:

Enclosed is a copy of a sight picture that I took of the Washington, D.C. area. I am sending the print as you requested, but have no idea what this object is. Since the picture is a time exposure, it could not be a reflection or streaks of light, would appear on the print similar to those made by cars on the roads.

The picture was made on the evening of April 8, 1952 at approximately 2330 hours. During the entire exposure time I noted nothing moving in the sky.

Exposure data: 20 minutes at f 4.5, Eastman Super XX film. Camera: Leica with a 1.5 f/2 lens, Poster tans.

Any information you can give me on this would be appreciated. I would prefer that you do not publish this picture as I have plans to do so myself. If I do not receive word from you to the contrary within 10 days I shall assume that you have no objection to such publication and go ahead with my plans.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]
Geologist
Alaskan Area Elements Unit
U.S. Geological Survey
Washington 25, D.C.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter from the Air Force's Colonel S. H. Kirkland, Jr. to the Military Liaison Unit of the U.S. Geological Survey, Washington 25, D.C. The letter is dated April 24, 1952 and discusses the results of your measurements and letters and expresses that any correspondence or documents between us will be kept in confidence.

Here is the full text from the document:

ATTAL-20/Lt Rothstein/va/24/51

24 APR 1952

Military Geologic Unit
U.S. Geological Survey
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sir:

We have received your measurements and letter and appreciate your thoughtfulness in writing us. In order to clarify the Situation, 12 it is necessary for us to have this information which will be returned to you.

I assure you that your research will not be publicized by us and any correspondence between us will be kept in confidence.

Sincerely yours,

S. H. KIRKLAND, JR.
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Technical Analysis Division

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter on official letterhead.

May 7, 1952

Colonel J. H. Kirkland, Jr.
Chief, Technical Analysis Division
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Dear Colonel Kirkland:

Enclosed is the negative which you requested in your letter of April 24, a copy of which is attached.

When you have finished with the negative, please return it to the following address:

PCOT S. 11th Ave. 
Maywood, Ill.

Should you wish to contact me for any further information, I can be reached at the above address until May 17. After that date I can be reached at the following address:

Alaskan Trace Element Unit
U. S. Geological Survey
Box 1023
Fairbanks, Alaska.

I hope you will find the material in the enclosed negative interesting. I have repeatedly examined the pictures and have still can not arrive at any satisfactory explanation.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report from the U.S. Air Force.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

INSPECTOR GENERAL'S
OFFICE
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
PUBLIC INFORMATION 
DIVISION

COMPTROLLER

PERSONNEL & ADM.

RESEARCH & DEV.

INTELLIGENCE

SUPPLY & MAIN'T

PROC. & DISP. FOR
FILES

(Not interpreted as any specific files or names)
Your letter of 7 May concerning one negative was not received and analyzed by our photographic section. Their conclusions are as follows:
a. The image density is sufficiently dense that the negative is difficult to interpret. It appears to have been exposed with a diagonal light source.
b. The image in question appears to have been caused by a slight distortion, creating what is known as a "button-mark" which develops to produce a relatively sharp central image with a surrounding hazy area.
c. A density measurement on the edge of the film shows that the base density is normal, indicating the negative has not been markedly overexposed.
It is our conclusion that this negative does not indicate the existence of any unusual or unidentified aerial object. The case is being returned to you and is so annotated.
Sincerely yours,

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it only shows text stating "Case includes 1, 5x4" photo".

Case includes 1, 5x4" photo

- page 6 -

The image provided appears to show a photograph or image of some kind. It depicts a landscape with a horizon line and some indistinct shapes or patterns. There is a rectangular frame or border around the central image.

OCR Text:
There is no discernible text in the provided image. The image appears to be a photograph or other graphic rather than a document with text.

- page 7 -

