The image does not contain a photograph. It is a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document.

The text found in the document is as follows:

BEVERLY MASS.
8 July 1952
2300 - 2300 
E-2-30 sec
Photo guard photographers observed and photographed this object
over 8 miles distant. Color and state outline.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a Disposition Form document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO.
SUBJECT (Used) Analysis of Photos
TO WCEFF
FROM ATIA-5
DATE AUG 8 1952 COMMENT NO.1
Lt. Rothstein/va 66361/Bldg 263D/R D-28
Enclosed are photographs taken by a U.S. Coast Guard photographer. We would like these photographs analyzed.
1. Incls 1. Mr data 7/21/52 w/photo (in dupl)
2. 2 incls, HQ USAF (in dupl)
TO ATIA-5 FROM WCEFF-2 DATE AUG 28 195
SUBJECT: Captain Ruppelt
1. A study has been completed of the Coast Guard negative of unknown serial objects. A full report to describe this study will be sent to you in a short time. Until it is completed, this brief summary will contain the findings of the photo reconnaissance laboratory:
2. The central point in question is the apparent brightness of the 8 objects coupled with the total absence of any corresponding highlights or reflections of these objects from the automobiles in the picture. The brightness of these objects appear to be unnatural and higher than the normal bumpers and trim of the automobiles. This is indicated by the included prints in which the background and sky details are almost invisible, yet the objects stand out eight times.
Further examination of the Series A prints shows no trace of highlights on the automobiles caused by the objects. All bright spots that can be seen are direct reflections from the sun. There are, however, surfaces which should show highlights, e.g., the largest object. It is obviously a fairly new coat of paint which everyone polish to the point.
Yet nowhere on the print is any suggestion of an overhead illumination directly on the object.
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains no photograph, but rather text describing an "Analysis of Photos". The text discusses the authenticity and analysis of various series of photos taken by a Coast Guard photographer. It mentions the construction of a hoax by means of double exposure, the potential problems with the photos, and the conclusion that the authenticity of the pictures is open to serious doubt.

The full text of the document is as follows:

"Analysis of Photos" (Uncl)

4. This point has been tested experimentally in the Series B and C prints. A standard photographic tripod was used, equipped with a camera, and some 50 ft beyond a row of vehicles beside the Photographic Reconnaissance Laboratory, the camera was set up on the location directly above the points indicated by the photograph, illuminated by the photoflood lamp appearing directly above it. The Series B prints show the lamp distantly near the Series C prints, but the same scene shows the lamp under the same highlight which is not there when the lamp is off. The bright objects should be seen somewhere on the car in the Series A prints, had distant bright objects been actually located as indicated.

The Series D prints show how easy it is to construct a hoax by means of double exposure. That it is the composite object, however, hover over the Photographic Reconnaissance Laboratory as indicated in the photograph, multiplying exposed at night, with a dark view field surrounding the lamp. The day-time exposure of the building was carefully combined to produce the aerial hovering effect. However, the fraud is indicated because no highlights may be seen in the auto roofs. (The possibility of building shadows is not existent in Series A).

It is therefore concluded that the authenticity of the picture, taken by the Coast Guard photographer, is open to serious doubt.

1.Incl
Series A (4 Prints)
Series B (4 Prints)
Series C (4 Prints)
Series D (2 Prints)

CONCURRENCE:

/s/ MATTHEW MAXSON
CAPTAIN, USAF
Chief, Photo Reconnaissance Lab
Reconnaissance Components Division"

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. The text reads:

"This case includes two (2) 8"x10" photographs, further (1) 4"x5" photograph."

- page 4 -

The image contains two black-and-white photographs. The top photograph shows a landscape with a large building or structure in the background. The bottom photograph shows a landscape with a body of water and what appears to be clouds or haze in the sky.

Extracted text:

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
DATE: 8 JULY 1952
LOCATION: BEVERLY, MASSACHUSETTS

- page 5 -

The image contains two black and white photographs showing rectangular shapes. The shapes appear to be an unidentified aerial object or phenomenon. Without being able to identify any humans in the image, I can only describe the visual elements shown - the rectangular shapes and the surrounding dark background.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK SPECIAL REPORT #14
PHOTOGRAPHIC ANALYSIS OF SELECTED UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

1. GENERAL INFORMATION

A. Incident Location: Beverly, Massachusetts
B. Date-Time Group: 0850 hours, 8 July 1952
C. Reporting Officer: Major John F. Healey, AF 1251325

2. PHOTOGRAPHIC ANALYSIS 

The attached photographs are designated A and Aa. These photographs were taken by [redacted] at 0850 hours on 8 July 1952 in Beverly, Massachusetts.

The photographic prints received show two separate exposures of an unidentified aerial object. Both exposures show a fuzzy, ill-defined rectangular object against a dark background which appears to be the sky. The size, shape, and other details of the object are not clearly defined. There is no other identifiable detail in either photograph.

3. CONCLUSIONS

Based on the information available, no definitive conclusions can be drawn about the identity or nature of the object(s) shown in the photographs. The photographs do not provide sufficient detail to determine the size, distance, altitude, or other characteristics of the observed object(s). Further investigation would be required to establish the origin and identity of the photographed phenomena.

- page 6 -

The image contains two rectangular shapes labeled "B3" and "B4". The shapes appear to be grainy and dark, resembling photographs or images that have been reproduced or scanned.

B3
B4

- page 7 -

The image contains two photographs. The upper photograph appears to show a large building or industrial complex with multiple floors and chimneys, surrounded by what looks like a parking lot or open space. The lower photograph appears to be a blank or empty frame, with no visible content.

Now acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

BEVERLYMASS.pdf8.txt

- page 8 -

The image contains two photographs labeled "C3" and "C2". The photographs appear to be low-quality, grainy images of a landscape or skyline. There are no human faces visible in the images.

CASE 25 45
BEVERLY, MASS.
8 JULY 1952
1. SOURCE
Civilian with good reputation and career in business.
2. SUMMARY
UFO observed from 2300 to 2330 hours while watching stars. Object moved rapidly back and forth along the horizon, changing colors and size.
3. DESCRIPTION
A 40-year-old male civilian observed a UFO on 8 July 1952 while watching stars in Beverly, Mass. from 2300 to 2330 hours. The object moved rapidly back and forth along the horizon, changing colors and size. It was observed through binoculars.
4. CONCLUSIONS
Insufficient data to evaluate.

- page 9 -

The image contains two photographs. The top photograph shows a landscape with a building or structure in the distance, and the bottom photograph shows a similar landscape with some objects or features that appear to be circular or oval-shaped.

Text extracted from the document:

BEVERLY MASS.
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT
File No. 8580333

AIRCRAFT OBSERVATION DETAIL:

Date of Observation: 8 July 1952
Time of Observation: 2130 EDT
Location of Observation: Beverly, Massachusetts
Weather Conditions: Clear
Altitude: Unknown
Course: Unknown
Speed: Unknown

NARRATIVE:

The observer, located outdoors in Beverly, Massachusetts, observed 4 unidentified objects in the sky moving in various directions at a high rate of speed. The objects were described as round, bright, and metallic in appearance. The observer watched the objects for approximately 2 minutes before they disappeared from view.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

ACTION
AIR 26 
AFN DE AIR 
PF JEDER JEDUP 222
DF JFRIO 726
FM HQ USAF WASHDC
TO JFBDY/CGB/HECCOM ENT AFB COLO
JEDUP/ATEC WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO 
CALL. F-80 HIGH ALTITUDE PHOTO OF SUSPICIOUS OBJECTS UNIDENTIFIABLE SIGHTED BY 5 RELIABLE WITNESS OVER BEVERLY MASSACHUSETTS LOW ALTITUDE ELONGATED SIGHTED BY STATION PHOTOGRAPHER. 14 OBJECTS CIRCULAR IN SHAPE. IN V FORMATION APPARENTLY OVER BEVERLY MASSACHUSETTS. LA ALTITUDE ASCENT AND DESCENT. CLEAR WINDS 170 DEGREES 8 KNOTS ALTIMETER 3025 TEMP 84.
17/2122Z JUL 56

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document describing an incident that occurred in Salem, Massachusetts on July 16, 1952.

OCR output:

UFO SIGHTING
SALEM, MASSACHUSETTS
16 JULY 1952

On 16 July 1952 a photograph of four objects was taken by the USCG station at Salem, Massachusetts. The photograph was submitted to ATIC for analysis and the analysis was completed on 1 Aug 52. Analysis was made from original negative which was returned to the Coast Guard at their request. The results of this analysis indicated that the highly polished cars below indicated that the light was not outside and it was assumed by the analyst that the photo was a double exposure and for this reason was a hoax. A subsequent examination of this photo was made in October 1953 and the following analysis is indicated as a more probable cause.

The photo was taken through a window with a 4.5 bush Pressman Camera (135 MM F4.7 Repatr lens with Rapax shutter loaded with 4/5 Super XX cut film). The photographer observed the lights for 3 or 6 seconds and grabbed the camera, which had been on a tripod. He focused slightly to the four-lights and ran out of the room when he noticed that the lights had dimmed. He assumed at the time that the lights were a reflection, and upon returning noticed that the lights were again brilliant. When they went to the window the lights were gone. He again stated that perhaps some sort of refraction or ground reflection could possibly account for the lights.

The following points are deemed pertinent to analysis. The camera was focused on infinity and the picture taken through a window. As the witness approached the window the objects dimmed, as he returned to his point of initial observation the objects reappeared. The cars and buildings outside are sharply outlined. The outdoor scene inside is out of focus. All four objects have the same outline and general configuration, in spite of the blurring.

Conclusion: It is believed that the photos represent light reflections from an interior source (probably the ceiling lights) on the window through which the photo was taken. With the camera set on infinity the lights would still be out of focus since the distance from the lights to the window and back to the camera lens would still be shorter than the distance required for the camera to be in focus.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s.

UNITED STATES COAST GUARD
OPT
1 August 1952

Captain
Air Force Technical Intelligence
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain,

At the request of Major Fournet, Air Force Intelligence, Pentagon, Washington, we are sending you the original negative of the aerial phenomena photograph for your scrutiny.

When you have finished with it, we would like to have it back.

Very truly yours,

W. D. STRANCHJ JR.
Lieutenant Commander USCG
Acting Chief, Public Information
Division

ENCL-Original Negative
U.S. Coast Guard official Photo # 5558

- page 13 -

There is no visible photograph in this image. The image appears to be a document from the United States Coast Guard dated August 15, 1952. The text in the document is as follows:

UNITED STATES COAST GUARD
CPT: 15 August, 1952
AIRMAIL: REGISTERED MAIL

Captain ---------
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain --------,

In accordance with the telephonic request of Major D. J. Forrester, USAF, and forwarding herewith the depositions and surveillance report of the unidentified aerial objects sighted in the Beverly, Massachusetts area, this material, previously classified secret, has been declassified.

Very truly yours,

W. B. STREUP, JR.
LCDR, USCG
Acting Chief, Public Information Division

Incls:
Deposition of ----
Deposition of ----
Agent's Report

- page 14 -

The image contains a newspaper article with the headline "Flying Saucers, Disks, or What? The Camera Catches 4 of Them". The article describes a photograph taken by Coast Guard photographer Shell E. Alpert that shows four unidentified aerial phenomena.

Text from the document:

WASHINGTON, Aug. 1, (UP) - Coast Guard photographer Shell E. Alpert, a Coast Guard station photographer, has taken what he calls "unidentified aerial phenomena" which bear a strong resemblance to the so-called "flying saucers."

The photo clearly shows four round, luminous objects hurtling through the air over Beverly, Mass. It was taken just after sunset on July 16, the Coast Guard says, and was sent to the widespread public interest in aerial phenomena that has made headlines recently. Shell E. Alpert, Salem, Mass., the station photographer who took this photograph told the newspaper this light show was "considerably dimmed down."

- page 15 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of what the caption describes as "A Coast Guard Photograph" of "Flying Saucers?". The photograph shows an indistinct image in the sky that seems to be a flying object or objects.

The text in the document states:

WASHINGTON, Aug. 1 - Coast Guard headquarters reported today that a Coast Guard air station at Beverly, Mass., Coast Guard air station in Salem, Mass., had sighted mysterious objects in the sky yesterday.  The officer in charge stated that the sighting was the first daylight one ever made by a Coast Guard station and that he has ordered a report on the matter.  The report said that the objects were commonly described as "flying saucers."  However, officials who view the pictures say they do not show any reality of flying saucers.  The pictures are officially released only for the fact that the original had been shown to other newspapers and magazines, it was stated at Coast Guard headquarters in Denver.

- page 16 -

The document does not contain any photographs. The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

"AF Studying Photograph of Disk Formation
By GEORGE HOWARD STAFF WRITER

WASHINGTON, July 30. -- An article on the study of photographs of flying saucers is published by Capt. Edward J. Ruppelt, officer in charge of the Air Force's project to investigate reports of unidentified flying objects.
The article, which appears in Flying magazine, describes the analysis of a photograph which purports to show a flying saucer taken at Tremonton, Utah, on July 2, 1952.
Ruppelt got the picture from the Air Force and then turned it over to the Navy's Photographic Interpretation Laboratory at Dayton, Ohio, where flying saucer reports are taken and studied.
Capt. Ruppelt, the article states, is the Air Force's project officer in charge of the inquiry into the problem of flying saucers. The article notes that he took the matter over when the controversy on flying saucers was centered in Washington. Capt. Ruppelt said he is in no position to give his opinion as to what the object was, but he does say he believes it could be a flying saucer picture.
'Could Get Frames'
Gen. Vandenberg said he is convinced the 'object' picked up by radar over Washington in 1952 could be explained. He said they are not secret weapons or devices produced in this country. He was usually asked to produce proof, the article states, and he discounted the idea they are from another planet.
The article states that a number of 'credible observers' have reported seeing things in the sky which 'appear to be discs.' It says the rate of speed and maneuverability of these objects is such that it is difficult to explain them as weather balloons or meteors."

- page 17 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of a coastal scene, likely showing an industrial or commercial area. The photograph is of low quality and appears to be a photographic print or reproduction. There is no human face visible in the image.

GLENN, MASS.
M.G.H.R. 8/8, 1952

- page 18 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph depicting an industrial or commercial building with tall chimneys or smokestacks in the background. In the foreground, there are several parked cars. The overall scene seems to be a landscape or outdoor setting.

Since the image does not contain any human faces, I will proceed to act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and extract the text found in the document.

BEVERLY MASS. 7 JULY 1952
AT APPROXIMATE Y 1800 EST ON THE ABOVE DATE, I RECEIVED A TELEPHONE CALL FROM A MR JOHN DOE WHO STATED THAT AN OBJECT HAD BEEN SIGHTED OVER THE CITY OF BEVERLY, MASSACHUSETTS. HE STATED THAT THE OBJECT WAS MOVING IN A WEST BOUND DIRECTION AT A HIGH RATE OF SPEED AND THAT IT APPEARED TO BE DISC SHAPED WITH A FLAT DOME ON TOP. HE STATED THAT HE HAD CALLED THE LOCAL POLICE DEPARTMENT AND THEY ADVISED HIM TO CONTACT THIS OFFICE.
I IMMEDIATELY DISPATCHED A TEAM OF INVESTIGATORS TO THE BEVERLY AREA TO EVALUATE THE SIGHTING. THEIR REPORT STATES THAT SEVERAL PERSONS IN THE BEVERLY AREA HAD OBSERVED THE OBJECT AND THAT THEIR DESCRIPTIONS COINCIDED WITH THAT GIVEN BY MR. DOE. HOWEVER, THERE WERE NO PHOTOGRAPHS OR OTHER PHYSICAL EVIDENCE OBTAINED. THE TEAM STATED THAT THE OBJECT APPARENTLY DISAPPEARED FROM VIEW AT A VERY HIGH RATE OF SPEED.
ACCORDING TO THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE, THIS SIGHTING IN BEVERLY, MASSACHUSETTS ON THE ABOVE DATE AND TIME IS CLASSIFIED AS UNIDENTIFIED.

- page 19 -

The image appears to be a photograph of an industrial or commercial area, with several buildings and a row of parked cars visible in the foreground. The photograph is black and white and appears to be of fairly low quality, with some blurriness and graininess present.

OCR Output:
THE UFV f4Fai 'rqr -T-igl-ig3 BEVERLY, MASS. 07 July 1952
CONFIDENTIAL

- page 20 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows what seems to be a handwritten or drawn sketch of an unidentified object.

OCR Text Output:
Case No. 1952-07-8580333-BEVERLYMASS
Serial No. 1952

- page 21 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather text-based content from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

a clear picture with the lens setting on infinity. The objects outside the building would be in focus. Their brightness or reflections would decrease as the photographer approached the window. The initial photo analysis indicates that the magnitude of the light and substantiation of the fact that the light source was not external is correct. There is no indication or proof to suggest to us that the photograph is genuine. The photo contained as reflections of an interior light source and had the camera been focused for a shorter distance the outlines of the interior light sources would have been sharper. It is believed that there is sufficient evidence to substantiate the evaluation of this photo as reflections of internal light sources.

- page 22 -

Based on the provided image, there does not appear to be any photograph present. The image shows a scanned document that looks like an agent's report from the U.S. Coast Guard regarding unidentified airborne objects observed near an Air Station.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document, excluding any references to identifying individuals:

COPY
Treasury Department
U.S. Coast Guard
CG-2947 (8-47)

AGENT'S REPORT

SUBJECT: Unidentified airborne objects; Observation of: 
REPORTING UNIT: Intelligence, ICGD(opl)

ORIGIN OF CASE: Commander, First Coast Guard District (opl)
DATE: 17 July 1952
DISTRIBUTION: CICGD, OIN, FIO

INVESTIGATORS: R. G. EASTMAN

This investigation was predicated on information received from the CO, Coast Guard Air Station, Salem, Massachusetts, concerning unidentified airborne objects sighted near the Air Station.

Station was interviewed (22-0240) an official photographer for the Air Station. Statement enclosed 17 July 1952 in the photo lab at the Air Station. 

HM1 was interviewed in the sick bay at the Air Station at 0930, 17 July 1952. Statement enclosed.

No factual information could be learned concerning the size, shape, altitude, speed, sound, or direction of motion of the objects.

All personnel interviewed or questioned were informed that any information concerning the objects sighted was to be considered restricted and should not be discussed with any persons.

CERTIFIED TO BE A TRUE COPY:

W. D. CRICHLOW, LT. USCG

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document describing an unusual occurrence observed and photographed by the author at the U.S. Coast Guard Air Station in Salem, Massachusetts on July 16, 1952.

STATEMENT OF UNUSUAL OCCURANCE OBSERVED AND PHOTOGRAPHED APPROXIMATELY 0:35, 16 JULY, 1952 FROM PHOTO OFFICE WINDOW, U. S. COAST GUARD AIR STATION, SALEM, MASSACHUSETTS.

I was sitting in the Photo Office filing negatives with my back toward the window when I turned slightly in the direction of the window and noticed something bright outside brilliantly lit up. It appeared to be connected to the side of the power plant smoke stacks. I could not determine:
1. - Size of lights
2. - Number of lights
3. - Manner of lights
4. - Sound, if any
5. - Speed of lights, if any
6. - Direction of lateral or vertical motion
7. - Shape of lights

The color temperature of the lights was a high number of Kelvin degrees--extremely brilliant and brilliant. They seemed to be wavering but I am not certain of this. I observed these lights for possibly 5 or 6 seconds and then turned to a 4x5 Bush format camera (135 MM 2.7 lens with a Rapax shutter, loaded with 4/5 Super XX cut film). I had this camera on the desk all loaded and waiting. As soon as I turned to shoot, the lights appeared to go out or move away so I did not get a chance to shoot the picture. 

The film was developed in the lab into the back Bay and got after shots of the strange back lights which were quite bright. I was unable to make out any details, however, that would be worth saying anything to the film. I did not give the film to the man and it did there was a momentary flash and we could no longer see any lights. 

I developed the film which was 1/250th second for about 3 1/4 minutes, the developing agent immediately at hand. After I had fixed and washed the film, I took it out of the examination.

It was an extremely hot day and I think that perhaps some sort of retraction or ground reflections could possibly have accounted for the lights, but in my estimation this is an improper explanation. The lens was quite dirty and so was the window screen. I cannot say that I saw objects extremely well in the manner of lights.

Submitted 17 July, 1952

CERTIFIED TO BE A TRUE COPY:
W. D. STRAUCH, Jr. LCDR, USCG

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a statement of unusual occurrence observed by a Base Photographer at approximately 0950, 8 July 1952 at Beverly, Massachusetts.

COPY

UNITED STATES COAST GUARD

Address reply to:

File: 
27 July, 1952.

Statement of unusual occurance observed by Base Photographer at approximately 0950, 8 July 1952, from photo window, CSGCG, BEVERLY, MASS.
While working on daily reports I was summoned by Base Photographer, one SKFGB who called me to window and look at airborne lights. 
Looking out the window to the North West there appeared to be what was thought to be aircraft. I actually could not say what it was other than it was anything. It could have been reflections from passing cars or from the ocean.

/s/
Declassified 7-29-52
P.G.E.

CERTIFIED TO BE A TRUE COPY:

W. D. STRAUCH, LT., USCG

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a declassified report related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
ID-R1 4LG-29
SUBJECT: (Unclassified) Reporting of Information on Unidentified Airborne Objects (Gillem, Unclassified)

TO: Director of Special Investigations Headquarters, USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

SYNOPSIS:
On 16 July 1952, at approximately 0255 hours, the crew of an F-94 jet interceptor, while airborne near Beverly, Mass., observed four (4) unidentified airborne objects west of the station. A photograph of the objects was taken. No activity of the condition developed that accounts for sighting.

DETAILS:
At 1145 hours, 16 July 1952, a telephone call was received from the Commander, USCG, Commanding Officer, U.S. Coast Guard Air Station, Salem, Mass., reporting that one of his men had observed unusual airborne objects at approximately 0255 hours, 16 July 1952, and that one of the pilots had taken a photograph of the objects. The following information was obtained:

At the Coast Guard Air Station, Salem, Mass., the USCG station photographer, U.S. Coast Guard, was in the Sky watch of the station. He observed his camera and took a photograph of the objects. He stated that the objects were hovering, moved very slowly, and that one of the objects seemed to have a slight red glow. USAF furnished the following information.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

Three objects glowing then light and then light dimmer. Objects appeared to waver back and forth and band around shine of moonlight. Objects could not determine the shape nor formation, aerodynamic features, or propulsion system. No sound and could not tell if the objects were moving. After several sightings, the objects disappeared, and their locations could not identify a difference in number.

Objects sighted by U.S. Coast Guard at approximately 0935 hours, 16 July 1952 and were observed for approximately 25-30 seconds.

A photograph was taken through the same window with a 4 x 5 inch Crown Graphic camera, with exposure time of 1/25 sec and f/4.5, with shutter speed of 1/100th of a second on Kodak Super XX film.

Observer was a member of the U.S. Coast Guard for one and one-half years, and previously attended the Art Center School, Los Angeles, California, a member of the U.S. Air Force for two years, seven months, and was a Coast Guard for five years, four months. Commander advised sightings were merited investigation, and that both personnel and equipment were adequate for the sighting.

Weather conditions, as reported by U.S. Coast Guard Station, partially office for 0923 hours, 16 July 1952, are as follows: thin, broken clouds, visibility 40 miles, wind conditions CALM (G 5).

No activity or condition is known that might account for the sightings.

No interception or identification action taken. Sighting of objects was not reported to commander until approximately fifteen minutes after they were observed.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, an official United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

ACTION:
Two (2) copies of this report will be forwarded to the Commanding General, Air Material Command, Intelligence Division, for information. No further action taken by this District.

Robert M. Wilson, Capt.
District Commander

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 28 -

