The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, likely regarding a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
DATE: 2/1 /52
LOCATION: Ontario, California
DATE-TIME GROUP: 02-0150-52
OBJECT: 1. round shape, 2. bright, 3. orange-yellow
COURSE: Straight
DURATION: 3 seconds 
PHOTOS: If "Yes" 
None
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 seconds
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Reddish shape. Stood and dreg.
 NO DETAILS ON DIMENSIONS
As pilot crossed objects with air reflection on canopy. No definite information on performance given. Being forwarded by Western Air.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

SECTION E
26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(Circle One): YES or NO
26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did you see other ones?
27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I don't know what they were and can't hazard a guess as they came from and don't recall where they went.
28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME ##### Last Name ##### First Name ##### Middle Name
ADDRESS ##### Street ##### City ##### State ##### Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER #####
What is your present job? Rock Contractor
Age 19
Sex Male
29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): YES or NO
29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? 
(Circle One): YES or NO
29.2 Please list their names and addresses:

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with instructions for the reporter to add any further comments they believe are important on the same page.

Please add here any further comments which you believe are important. Use additional sheets if necessary.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
COUNTRY: United States
REPORT NO.: D 5
INCIDENT: Unidentified Flying Objects (Casena, Calif. )
DATE: August 5, 1952
TIME: 2:33 A.M. PACIFIC STANDARD TIME 

1. This report contains information obtained from personal contact and interrogation.

2. Incident: "PLOMANG" was first reported to Lt. 79TH A.V.C. (RES) by phone from duty officer CAA Control Center (AZD 7757), Ontario, Calif ornia; private pilot, having reported 3 sightings, in 3 separate instances, near Fontana, California...

3. Witness JAMES GIBSON was flying a Cessana - 145 aircraft, NC 77009, having departed from Ontario Municipal Airport, Ontario, California, at approximately 1300 hours for a 2300 feet course heading estimated 270-280 degrees, when he had crossed his flight path approximately 1/2 mile dead ahead on a level course towards Ontario.

4. Approximately 1300 hours W/K 3,000 feet, course heading estimated 270-280 degrees, at an altitude of approximately 2,500 feet, due west, subject had crossed his flight path at approximately 1/2 mile dead ahead on a level course toward Ontario, which had crossed his flight path approximately 1/2 mile dead ahead on a level course toward Ontario.

5. Severe turbulence experienced when the respective flight paths of the Cessana and the flying object converged.

6. A check with the 4047 squadron revealed "Disban" have a G.C.A.C. track speed of 600 knots (approximately 700 mph), travelling towards the Ontario area.

7. Negative detection of flying object or Cessana by ground radar.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
COUNTRY: United States  
REPORT NO.: D 5
INCIDENT: Unidentified Flying Objects (Casena, Calif.)  
DATE: August 5, 1952
TIME: 2:33 A.M. PACIFIC STANDARD TIME

1. This report contains information obtained from personal contact and interrogation.

2. Incident: "PLOMANG" was first reported to Lt. 79TH A.V.C. (RES) by phone from duty officer CAA Control Center (AZD 7757), Ontario, Calif ornia; private pilot, having reported 3 sightings, in 3 separate instances, near Fontana, California...

3. Witness JAMES GIBSON was flying a Cessana - 145 aircraft, NC 77009, having departed from Ontario Municipal Airport, Ontario, California, at approximately 1300 hours for a 2300 feet course heading estimated 270-280 degrees, when he had crossed his flight path approximately 1/2 mile dead ahead on a level course towards Ontario. 

4. Approximately 1300 hours W/K 3,000 feet, course heading estimated 270-280 degrees, at an altitude of approximately 2,500 feet, due west, subject had crossed his flight path at approximately 1/2 mile dead ahead on a level course toward Ontario, which had crossed his flight path approximately 1/2 mile dead ahead on a level course toward Ontario.

5. Severe turbulence experienced when the respective flight paths of the Cessana and the flying object converged.

6. A check with the 4047 squadron revealed "Disban" have a G.C.A.C. track speed of 600 knots (approximately 700 mph), travelling towards the Ontario area.

7. Negative detection of flying object or Cessana by ground radar.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio, addressed to someone named Mr. Irvin in Ontario, California. The letter acknowledges the receipt of a report about unidentified aerial phenomena and states that the information has been processed and will provide a complete record of the occurrence.

OCR OUTPUT:

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

AUG 29 1952

Ontario, California

Dear Mr. Irvin:

Your recent report of unidentified aerial phenomena has been received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center. Enclosed is a questionnaire which, when completed, will give us additional information which has developed in standardizing the data and will provide a complete record of the occurrence.

Your interest in reporting the matter and your public spirited desire to be of service are greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

ROBERT H. KENNEDY
Major, USAF
Air Adjutant General

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a "TENTATIVE OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE" form from Project Blue Book.

Tentative Observers Questionnaire
SECTION A
1. When did you see the object?
1.1 Date: 8-22 Month - August Year - 1952
1.2 Time of Day: Here - A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One)
a. Eastern c. Mountain
b. Central d. Pacific
e. Other
1.4 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question 1.2:
a. Certain c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain d. Just a guess

2. Where were you when you saw the object?
Mount Clemints, Mich. Macomb County

3. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. In a building d. At sea
b. In a car e. Flying over a building
c. Outdoors f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

Additional Remarks:

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

4. How did you happen to notice the object? Suddenly caught my attention, out moving fast

5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? 58-day

SECTION B

6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object? Driving

6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object? Try to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount of time spent on each.
0 miles at 50 mph, driving home from work.

7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One): 
Yes or No

7.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast

7.2 How fast were you moving? 50 miles per hour.

7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes or No

8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): a. South b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely from 1952, that contains a questionnaire or survey about a sighting of an unidentified object.

Text from the document:

6.1 What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. Southeast d. Southeast h. Northwest

6.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to the above question (6 and 6.1).
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess 

9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One): Yes or No

10. How was the object seen?
(Circle One): a. Through window glass b. Against bright sky c. Through theodolite d. Through binoculars e. Through telescope f. Through open space h. Other

11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds e. Don't remember

11.2 WIND (Circle One): a. 19 wind b. Slight breeze c. Strong wind d. Don't remember

11.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold b. Cool c. Warm d. Hot e. Don't remember

12. Estimate how long you saw the object? ____ Hours ____ Minutes ____ Seconds

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with various questions and options for the observer to select their responses.

12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 12:
a. Certain
b. Fairly sure
c. Not very sure 
d. Just a guess

13. Did the object look: (Circle One) Solid or Transparent

14. Did the object at any time:
14.1 Change direction? Yes (No) Don't know
14.2 Change speed? Yes (No) Don't know
14.3 Change size? Yes (No) Don't know
14.4 Change color, parts or explode? Yes (No) Don't know
14.6 Give off smoke? Yes (No) Don't know
14.7 Change brightness? Yes (No) Don't know
14.8 Flicker, throw or disappear? Yes (No) Don't know
14.9 Remain motionless? Yes (No) Don't know

15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes (No) Don't know

16.1 Sound _9 didn't hear any sound_

16.2 Color _grayish silhouette_

17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

18. Did the object at any time:
18.1 Move behind something? (Circle One) Yes (No) Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR text from the document:

SECTION D
22. In the following sketch, imagine your eye at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (ceiling) when you first saw it. Place an "B" to show where it was when you last saw it. Overhead
You Horizon

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book. The page contains illustrations and text describing instructions for sketching the motion and details of an observed unidentified object.

Text extracted from the document:

Page 6

23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position then you last saw it.

Overhead
Horizon - - - - - - - - - - - You - - - - - - - - - - Horizon 

24. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.

25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

PHOTO FAST 
676

- page 11 -

