No photograph is present in the provided page of the document.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
PRESS CONFERENCE - Gen. Sanford 1952

KAT2-50-12-82 
29 Jul 1952     

RETURN TO 
USAF Historical Archives 
ASI (ASI/SAF-A)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

7-3745 - 380

1003857

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 1 -

There are no photographs present on the page.

OCR Text Output:

---

THE PRESS: But you said it can be simply a reflection of something on the ground.

CAPTAIN JAMES: Well, an object on the ground is actually something back to the reflection by a curved path.

THE PRESS: I see.

THE PRESS: In other words, it doesn't have to be in the air.

CAPTAIN JAMES: That's correct.

THE PRESS: In the area covered by the sweep on the radar?

CAPTAIN JAMES: It has to be in the area covered by the radar set. It has to be within the range.

THE PRESS: But not in the air.

CAPTAIN JAMES: But not in the air.

THE PRESS: What sort of ground targets give these reflections?

CAPTAIN JAMES: It depends on the amount of temperature inversion and the size and shape of the ground objects.

THE PRESS: Would this reflection account for simultaneous radar sightings and visual sightings which appear to coincide on the basis of conversations between the radar operator and the observer outside?

CAPTAIN JAMES: There is some possibility of that due to the same effects.

THE PRESS: Why would these temperature inversions change location so rapidly or travel?

CAPTAIN JAMES: Well, actually, it can be the appearance or disappearance of different ground targets giving the appearance of something moving when, actually, the different objects are standing still.

THE PRESS: Would these pseudo-blips cause any difficulties in combat at all?



- page 2 -

There are no photographs on this page.

OCR Text Output:

-10-

CAPTAIN JAMES: Not to people that understand what's 
going on. They do cause difficulty.

THE PRESS: Then the experienced operators really 
can tell the difference between --

CAPTAIN JAMES: That's correct.

THE PRESS: How about the CAA men?

CAPTAIN JAMES: I don't know.

THE PRESS: Would the disappearance or reappearance 
of these blips he accounted for by the movement of a cloud 
bank that reflected a ground target?

CAPTAIN JAMES: Well, actually, it's not a cloud 
bank. It's a temperature inversion of the atmosphere. You 
see, If warm air comes in over a cool area, you have a 
temperature inversion and the atmosphere can be perfectly 
clear, and still the rays will be bent.

THE PRESS: Would that account for the fact that 
these images disappeared and reappeared on these screens 
recently?

CAPTAIN JAMES: I'm not positive about that. There's 
a possibility.

THE PRESS: Captain, was there temperature Inversion 
in this area last Saturday night?

CAPTAIN JAMES: There was. 

THE PRESS: And the Saturday night preceding?

CAPTAIN JAMES: I'm not sure about the one preceding, 
but there was last Saturday night.

THE PRESS: Was there one last night?

CAPTAIN JAMES: I don't know.

THE PRESS: Captain, did any two sets in this area 
get a fix on these so-called saucers around here?

CAPTAIN JAMES: The information we have isn't good 
enough to determine that.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR text extracted from the document:

```
-11-

THE PRESS: You don't know whether Andrews Field
and Washington National Airport actually got a triangulation 
on anything?

CAPTAIN JAMES: You see, the records made and kept 
aren't accurate enough to tie that in that close.

THE PRESS: What is the possibility of these being 
other than phenomena?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I'd like to maybe
relieve Captain James just a minute. Your question is: What?

THE PRESS: What is the possibility of these sightings
being other than optical or atmospheric phenomena? In other 
words, what is the possibility of their being guided missiles
launched from some other country, for example?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, if you could select 
out of this mass any particular one or two and start working 
on them and say, "What is the possibility of them being 
these things?" Then you come to the point and say this one 
is reported to have done this, what feature for it to do 
those things either one of two conditions, absolute maximum 
power or no mass. If this is think in terms of a guided
missile, it does these things that have been measured and 
reported. It can do those things if there is theoretically 
no limit to the power involved and there is theoretically no 
mass involved. That's one of the conditions that would say,
well, if someone solved one of those problems, this could
then be explained as one of those things. You find another 
one and it has -- it just develops into no other purpose or 
no other pattern that could be associated with them, a missile. 
Those which we might identify as being missiles will be tracked.
They'll have a track to develop something that people can put 
a measurement to. I don't know whether that answers the 
question. It satisfies some of it, but maybe not all of it. 

Yes?

THE PRESS: Have there been any such instances so 
far in which you had information that indicated that either 
of these two conditions were fulfilled?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Absolute, no mass?

THE PRESS: No limit to the power.
```

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

OCR Text:

```
                                                  -12-
               
                       MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: You knew, what "no mass"
         means is that there's nothing there! (Laughter).
                       THE PRESS: How ebout the power?
                       MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: In terms of earthly weights
         and earthly value.
                       THE PRESS: Yes.
                       MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: And unlimited power -- that
         means power of such fantastic higher limits that it is a
         theoretical unlimited -- it's not anything that we can under-
         stand. It's like my trying to understand -- I want to be care-
         ful because I was going to say a million dollars, but I can't
         understand a hundred! It's one of those questions of unlimited
         power that just gets beyond your comprehension that has to be
         used to meet this.
                      THE PRESS: General, do you have any tentative con-
         clusion or even a trend towards a belief of what these local
         radar blips are? There's been talk that you did have the
         heat inversions those nights. Are you all inclined to believe
         that's what that is?
                      MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I think that we're learning
         progressively more and more about_ the radar.; and that these
         instances very likely are maybe good observations that the
         radar can make of something but not likely to be observations
         of the things that the radar was designed to observe (Laughter).
         Now, (laughter) -- all right. Now, let's say -- we don't know
         much about -- and I'll be getting far afield technically --
         we don't know much about the Northern Lights. We'd like to be
         able to measure them a little bit better. That is the kind of
         thought I was trying to express by saying radar was intended
         to observe aircraft for control of aircraft and to deal with
         aircraft. Now, you may have scientific advantages for observa-
         tion that it wasn't intended for.
                      I wonder if you'd speak to my point on that,
         Captain James, whether I've gotten too far afield or something
         I don't know anything about.
                     CAPTAIN JAMES: Yes, sir; that's quite true. We
         find that sometimes the radar set will be formed in a manner
         not desirable and due to the fact that it doesn't happen every
         day everyone isn't familiar with those characteristics and it
         sometimes turns out to be a mystery.
```

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

**OCR Text Output:**

    -13-

    THE PRESS:  Well, getting back, if I may follow it up, on these local radar observations, then you come to the tentative conclusion that they're physical phenomena? Would you say that?

    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I think so, yes.

    THE PRESS: How is it we haven't had them before?

    THE PRESS: Well, that's what I was going to get to. What's the history of this thing? Radar operators in the past, when you inquire of them, have they seen similar lights in the past and because they never bothered to associate them with flying saucers they've never gotten in the newspapers?

    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Oh, they have associated them in the past with things that were thought desirable to intercept. I said a minute ago we've intercepted flocks of ducks and similar things. There's some history of the lack of identification of friendly aircraft which causes a lot of unnecessary interceptions in some parts of the world, being mixed up with a lot of this sort of thing too in which we've had many interceptions that went out and identified a friendly that should have been established by some other method, but mixed up with those there've been many of these attempts to identify an unknown that fizzled out in the same way that the current ones have fizzled out.

    THE PRESS:  In other words, it is not a rare phenomenon, this thing that happened Saturday night and the Saturday before that?

    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: It is not a rare phenomenon.

    THE PRESS:  It's not rare, and it occurs often enough so that you do have a history, and radar experts have been trying to find out what causes them; is that right?

    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:  That is correct. Yes, sir.

    THE PRESS: General Samford, has the Air Force conducted any independent research through universities or through the radar people, the Gilfillen people or whoever?

    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Yes, sir. We have a number of available consultants, some contracts that have been initiated, some of them that are being thought of, but, again,

- page 6 -

This page does not contain a photograph.

---

I think I'd like to go back to the point of the profit in
this thing perhaps being a measurement first, an adequate
measurement that can go to science. Reports of the same
kind that we've been getting except for this additional
mechanical asset or opportunity called the radar have been
going on since the Bible times. Now, the radar gives an
additional opportunity to observe something about that, but
it still doesn't measure it with the kind of precision that is
needed to put it into analysis.

THE PRESS: Are you getting something to do that?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: We have some hope with a
camera that has on the front of it a -- will you describe what
that --

CAPTAIN JAMES: It has a de-fraction grid.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Yes, a de-fraction grid on
the front of it that will be useful against lights because
through that de-fraction you'll be able to say, from what
substance was this light made? What gases were burning? Was
it gas? Was it incandescence? and so forth. Now, those
cameras -- the lens is about a $15 item, or this grid is,
and the camera is about a $15 item. We have on order a small
quantity, two hundred plus of those. We hope to be able to
distribute those into the hands of people who might have
opportunity. Now, with the great diversity of people who
report it's not too easy to put your finger on who has the
highest opportunity to report, into whose hands such a device
should go, but we think we may learn who might be the most
optimum reporters. A great volume of these cameras to scatter
around to try through the shotgun approach to get reports
doesn't look like too valuable a project but that is one way
of trying to measure what these lights are.

THE PRESS: For what purpose -- they have had
similar gadgets before, I mean, to measure or to determine
the origin of what generates the light. Is this a new type?

CAPTAIN JAMES: The grid is.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: It's not new except that it
hasn't been aimed specifically at these items or focused on
these items as far as we know.

THE PRESS: General, the Captain mentioned a moment
ago or had the thought that when there is temperature inversion

- page 7 -

The page does not contain any photographs.

OCR Output:

-15-

the men know who are observing radar. Is it all right to ask if the Air Force thinks that these objects the other night were a result of temperature inversion?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I'll answer that first, try to, and then ask Captain James for an opinion. I don't think that we are quite sure that the Menzel theory of temperature inversion or that scientists are sure that that is a good theory. It's supported by some people. Other people who have equal competence, it would appear, discredit it. So the gamble as to whether that is the cause or not is about a fifty-fifty proposition. It's appealing. It does satisfy certain concerns. Is that a fair statement or answer to that question?

CAPTAIN JAMES: Sir, the Menzel theory applies mainly to light rays.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Yes.

CAPTAIN JAMES: In regard to the temperature inversion effect on radar waves that is fairly well established.

THE PRESS: There's no doubt about the latter, is there?

CAPTAIN JAMES: That's right.

THE PRESS: That's been established.

THE PRESS: And it was not --

CAPTAIN JAMES: We don't have sufficient information to say definitely that that was the cause.

THE PRESS: You said an experienced radar operator could tell the difference.

CAPTAIN JAMES: I would say so.

THE PRESS: Wasn't there a naval battle during the war in which there was a great engagement fought against an inversion of radar?

CAPTAIN JAMES: I understand that happened.

THE PRESS: You had two experts over there last Saturday night, Major Fournet and Lieutenant Holcomb, who

- page 8 -

There are no photographs present on the page.

Here is the OCR output of the text:

---

described themselves as radar technicians and intelligence officers. What was their opinion?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: May I try to make another answer and ask for support or negation, on the quality of the radar operator. I personally don't feel that is necessarily associated with quality of radar operators because radar operators of great quality are going to be confused by the things which now appear and may appear in a radar. The ability to use the radar for the thing it was designed for is, I believe, dependent upon the thing that they see doing a normal act. If it does a normal act, then it becomes identified as the thing that they thought it was and then it pulls itself along through this mass of indication and they say, "That one has normal processes." I think that a description of a GCA landing has some bearing on that in which to get associated with the GCA you have to make a certain number of queries and do a certain number of things and then you become identified through the fact that you obey. Other things that are in there don't obey. If you obey, then you have an identity and you can then be followed with precision. So I wouldn't like to say that this is a function of inadequate radar operations. I think it's a thing that can happen to any radar operator. If he sees something in there and says, "That one is neither behaving nor any other normal pattern." What is it? Curiosity stimulus; any other kind of stimulus can result in overanights at any particular time on any radarscope. These recently appear to have been much more solid returns than are ordinarily classifiable by the arguments that I have just given.

Would you address yourself to what I've just said?

THE PRESS: Yes. What do the experts think? That was the question.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: The experts?

THE PRESS: The ones that saw it last Saturday night. What did they report to you?

THE PRESS: Two of them saw it in --

THE PRESS: What did they say?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: They said they made good returns.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in the provided document image.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text:

```
-17-

THE PRESS: Did they draw any conclusion as to what they were, whether they were clouds?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: They made good returns and they think that they ought to be followed up.

THE PRESS: But now you come to the general belief that it was some either heat-inversions or some other phenomena without substance.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: The phrase "without substance" bothers me a little.

THE PRESS: Well, could you--

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: -- say what we do think?

THE PRESS: Yes.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I think that the highest probability is that these are phenomena associated with the intellectual and scientific interests that we are on the road to learn more about but that there is nothing in them that is associated with material or vehicles or missiles that are directed against the United States.

THE PRESS: General, you said that -- can you stop that short of the United States, sir, or the menace to the United States?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I'm sorry --

THE PRESS: Can you stop that statement short of your menace to the United States?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, that was the -- I think that is the part that I believed. Now, what was it that I would have said otherwise?

THE PRESS: Well, you said were not associated with vehicles --

THE PRESS: Materials.

THE PRESS: Missiles.

THE PRESS: Period!
```

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
-18-
THE PRESS: Material, vehicles, and missiles directed
against the United States.
THE PRESS: The question whether these are hostile
or not makes very little difference. What we're trying to get
at is nre you eliminating excluding from any consideration a
missile, a vehicle, or any other material object that might:
be flying through the air other than sound or light or some
other intanglible?
THE PRESS: Somebody from this planet or some other
planet violating our air space. (Laughter)
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: The. astronomers are our best
advisers, of course, in this business of visitors from else-
where. The astronomers photograph the sky continuously per-
haps with the most adequate photography in existence and the
complete absence of things which would have to be in their
appearance for many days and months to come from somewhere
else.  It doesn't cause them to have any enthusiasm whatsoever
in thinking about this other side of it.
THE   PRESS: Have any astronomical laboratories re-
ported any slghtings whatsoever or any astronomers?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I don't recall. Captain
Ruppelt, do you know whether we've had reports from astronomical
laboratories or observatories?
CAPTAIN RUPPELT: No, sir. None have ever had any
real bearing.
THE PRESS: General, does that --- tho kind of in-
volved explanation you just give us --- does that apply to the
recent Washington sightings or upon your observations over the
past years since 1946 based on all your experience with it?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, our reaction to the
recent Washington sightings is related to the past experience
in terms of --- we have dealt with radar blips before.
THE PRESS: General, if these were vehicles or
materials of our own making, they wouldn't be a menace to
the United States. Do you exclude that?
MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I'd exclude that, definitely.
```

- page 11 -

The page from the document does not contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```

diss.ibu'tlon)

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE

MINUTES OF PRESS CONFERENCE HELD BY

MAJOR GENERAL JOHN A. SAMFORD

DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE, U. S. AIR FORCE

29 July 1952 - 4:00 p. m. - Room 3E-869, The Pentagon

Participating: Major General Roger M. Ramey 
Director of Operations, USAF

Colonel Donald L. Bower, Technical Analysis 
Division, Air Technical Intelligence Center

Captain Roy L. James, Electronics Branch, 
Air Technical Intelligence Center

Captain Edward J. Ruppelt, Aerial Phenomenon 
Branch, Air Technical Intelligence Center

Mr. Burgoyne L. Griffing, Electronics Branch, 
Air Technical Intelligence Center

MR. SCHOOLEY: Ladies and gentlemen, let me remind the military that, while they are welcome here, this is a press conference and let's be sure that the press is all seated before the conference begins.

Let me introduce General Samford, Air Force Director of Intelligence, and General Ramey, Director of Operations. General Samford.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I think the plan is to have very brief opening remarks and then ask for such questions as you may want to put to us for discussion and answer. In so far as opening remarks is concerned, I just want to state our reason for concern about this.

The Air Force feels a very definite obligation to identify and analyze things that happen in the air that may have in them menace to the United States and, because of that feeling of obligation and our pursuit of that interest, since 1947, we have an activity that was known one time as Project Saucer and now, as part of another more stable and integrated organization, have undertaken to analyze between a thousand

1003857

```

- page 12 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
-19-

THE PRESS: General, let's make it clear now you are excluding -- if you'll affirm that – you are excluding vehicles, missiles, and other tangible objects flying through space, including the subhuman bodies from other planets.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: In my mind, yes.

THE PRESS: Anything material -- would that be a clear statement?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: When you deal with a scientific man, maybe he might quarrel with you by what is the real meaning of "material." With my limited knowledge of material I would say yes. In my own view the thing is excluded as being a material evidence.

THE PRESS: In other words, General, if you remove the E in from that statement, it could apply to any missile, material, or object that is, in the air, regardless of whether it's a menace to the United States or not?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, yes.

THE PRESS: In other words, it just isn't there.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I believe that, that there is no -- well, now, that is a little bit in error because a minute ago I said birds do these things. Now., a bird has substance, you see. I don't want to go out and say that these things are reflections of nothing. If they're reflections from the ground up in the air, they're reflections of something. That's why the thought of saying that this thing satisfies us in having no real pattern other than that of phenomena.

THE PRESS: General, you said there'd never been a simultaneous radar fix on one of these things.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I don't think I wanted to say that.

THE PRESS: You didn't mean to say it?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I meant to say that, when you talk about simultaneously, somebody will say, "Was it on 1203 hours, 2½ seconds?" and I don't know.

THE PRESS: Well, I'd like to point out this fact that the officer in charge of the radar station at Andrews
```

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR Text Output:
```
-20-

Field told me that on the morning of July 20th, which was a
week from last Saturday, he picked up an object three miles
north of Riverdale and he was in intercom communication with
CAA and they exchanged information and CAA also had a blip
three miles north of Riverdale and on both radars the same
blip remained for about thirty seconds and simultaneously
disappeared from both sets. Now --

                    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, their definition of
simultaneous, yes. But some people won't be satisfied that
that is simultaneously. 

                    THE PRESS: Well, it is pretty damned simultaneous
(laughter) for all purposes, it is satisfied by the inversion
theory, Captain.

                    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I'm talking about the
split-second people who want to say you've got to prove now
that this happened at such-and-such a time and they'll say
your observations are delayed by half a second; therefore,
you can't say it was simultaneous.

                    THE PRESS: And does your inversion theory explain
away that situation? 

                    CAPTAIN JAMES: It possibly could, yes.

                    THE PRESS: It possibly could, but could it?

                    CAPTAIN JAMES: We don't have the details.

                    THE PRESS: Is there any reason why it couldn't

                    THE PRESS: General, can we get this clarified?

                    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I believe -- I'm trying to
let this gentleman ask a question. Excuse me.
                    
                    THE PRESS: Isn't it true, sir, that these show a
definite grouping, the sightings around atomic bomb plants or
areas? Doesn't your map at Wright Field show that?

                    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I find no more pattern in
this dispersal of sightings than I do in a radar screen. You
can perhaps take distribution of sightings and say that you 
arrange it this way and you take this group during this period 
and that gives you a dispersal that may have some significance 
in it. But I'd like to have Captain Ruppelt develop that
```

- page 14 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR Text Output:

-21-

because he probably knows more about what has been done to try to plot these things and say, "Does that have any meaning?" I am not satisfied that any effort we've made toward a dispersal pattern has as yet developed one shred of evidence or meaning. Would you correct me or speak to that point?

CAPTAIN RUPPELT: We've plotted these things out on a map and they do come out grouped around some of the atomic installations in the country. However, there's one point, you don't know, maybe the people in that area are a little more jumpy and, if they see a meteor, they'll report it in to the guards. If some farmer out in the middle of Iowa saw a meteor, he'd just forget about it. Now, that is one possibility that we can't eliminate. A lot of the sightings that occurred around these atomic installations have turned out to be balloons, etc., but it may be that the story has gone out that those are vital areas and more people are reporting. We don't know.

THE PRESS: What percentage of your unexplainable ones that you've got are around there?
CAPTAIN RUPPELT: A few of them.

THE PRESS: Is it the same pattern?

CAPTAIN RUPPELT: I wouldn't say that every sighting around an atomic installation is unexplained. There's really no - I don't quite follow you.

THE PRESS: His question is what percentage of the unexplainable percentage of the sightings are grouped around atomic energy --

CAPTAIN RUPPELT: We've never broken it down.

THE PRESS: Is it uniform to the general percentages?

CAPTAIN RUPPELT: It followed the general percentages. In other words, if twenty per cent of the sightings are unexplained, twenty per cent of the sightings around Los Alamos are --

THE PRESS: Unexplained.

CAPTAIN RUPPELT: -- unexplained; right.

THE PRESS: What percentage of these have come from technical men in science at these installations?

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present on this page. 

The text on the page is as follows:

```
                                                           -22-


          CAPTAIN RUPPELT: It varies with the type of people.
     In other words, at Los Alamos most of the people are fairly
     technical people. However, you run the guards in a place like
     that. Now, that may be another factor. All those installations 
     have guards that stay out twenty-four hours a day and those 
     people are in a better position to observe than other people.

          THE PRESS: Have many of the scientists though, for
     instance at Los Alamos, the scientists or technical people,
     reported these things?

          CAPTAIN RUPPELT: Yes, they have. We have reports
     from very high technical people.

          THE PRESS: If your reports, some of them, come from
     these technical people, what type of information would the
     Air Force like to have?

          CAPTAIN RUPPELT: The Air Force would like to have --
     can I answer, sir?

          MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Go ahead.

          CAPTAIN RUPPELT: The Air Force would like to have
     a size, speed and altitude and what-have-you on these things.

          THE PRESS: Number of men inside it? (Laughter)

          THE PRESS: In view of practicalities what would an
     ordinary citizen do if he saw one? Would you be interested in
     his information? What can he do to help you?

          CAPTAIN RUPPELT: Actually, we are very much interested.
     However, there isn't much we can do with their information.
     It's possible that you might get a series of sightings. In
     other words, if you get everybody up and down the East Coast
     looking, you might be able to plot a ground track from it,
     but the information we get from the general public or from
     a scientist -- there's no difference. In other words, well,
     let's take a meteor-like object, for example. If you're out
     some night and see a meteor, what can you tell me about that 
     meteor? You don't even know in which direction it was going.
     Actually, it looked to you maybe like it was going across the
     sky from east to west, but you're not sure. You're just looking
     at a horizontal projection of that meteor. And a scientist
     the same way. Just because he's a scientist doesn't mean he's
     got better eyes.
```

- page 16 -

This page does not contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR text of the document:

```
THE PRESS: What about a report, for example, about one week ago from an engineer who sighted six or seven who followed a definite pattern and then all turned in the same direction and went straight up at an estimated speed -- I forget what he said it was.

CAPTAIN RUPPELT; I couldn't pick that one out from the mass and size -- I'm not familiar with that one.

THE PRESS; Have you investigated these so-called saucers here in Washington?

THE PRESS; The ones we've been seeing here on radar screens.

CAPTAIN RUPPELT: We've got the data on them.

THE PRESS; Have you investigated them yourself?

CAPTAIN RUPPELT: Well, what do you mean by that, now -- gone out and personally talked to all these people?

THE PRESS: Yes.

CAPTAIN RUPPELT: No; I haven't.

THE PRESS: Has anybody from the Air Force talked to Harry Barnes, who's the Senior Controller in the CAA radar?

CAPTAIN RUPPELT: We have a report from the CAA Controller.

THE PRESS: But nobody's interviewed him?

CAPTAIN RUPPELT: I couldn't tell you that.

THE PRESS: General, you started to say you wanted certain means of measuring these things and you mentioned this camera. Were you going to name others or is that the only thing you have in mind as a possible way of identifying and measuring these phenomena?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD; Mr. Griffing is here from the Electronics Section. Would you address yourself to that, Mr. Griffing?

MR. GRIFFING: I didn't hear the question.
```

- page 17 -

There are no photographs present on the provided page of the document.

OCR Output of the Text:

```
-24-

THE PRESS: The question was we'd ask what -- the General had said the greatest need now was to get some way of measuring these reports in terms that you can turn them over to a scientist and I asked him what was he seeking in that way, what he was getting. He mentioned this camera. I connected the question with some way of measuring the gases and lights. I asked him were there other things than that that he might mention that they're now ordering or procuring for that purpose.

MR. GRIFFING: The refraction-camera should tell whether it's an incandescent source or whether it's luminous gas. Well, that would immediately tell whether it was a meteor or reflection of a headlight, a mirage theory and it might also identify what kind of gases.

THE PRESS: What other than this camera? Are there any other tools that you're seeking now?

MR. GRIFFING: There is another proposal which also uses de-fraction grading, which is a continuously operating Schmidt telescope, and that will give a continuous record over the night.

THE PRESS: What's this?

THE PRESS: That's a telescope to photograph the entire heaven in one whole picture?

MR. GRIFFING: Yes, sir.

THE PRESS: Would you repeat that? What is this Schmidt telescope?

CAPTAIN JAMES:  It's a type of telescope.

THE PRESS: What type of telescope are you talking about, Mr. Griffing?

MR. GRIFFING: The Schmidt, S-c-h-m-i-d-t, telescope is an optical system that has a wide aperture. That is, you can have a wide range or aperture, in this case, about 150 degrees, or nearer the whole hemisphere can be photographed in one plate and you can have a continual record of what happens in the sky at night, meteor trails or what-have-you and make a photographic record.

THE PRESS: Where is this being used?
```

- page 18 -

The page does not contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text from the document:

```
-25-

                                                    MR. GRIFFING: This is a new development, this
particular one, but there have been ones similar to this in
use in many observatories. Palomar has a Schmidt telescope.
                                                    THE PRESS: Are you ordering a number of those for
placing around the country?
                                                    MR. GRIFFING: That is a possibility.
                                                    THE PRESS: Is that a movie-camera type?
                                                    MR. GRIFFING: Not exactly. The plate is exposed
for ten minutes and then is replaced with another plate and
then so on through the night. That is, one can expose a
photographic plate for ten minutes without overexposure, in
fact, a longer time, but a continual record will be made. Any
motion that can be indicated with a time exposure can be found
with considerable accuracy.
                                                    THE PRESS: Does the Air Force have access to any of
those right now?
                                                    MR. GRIFFING: That particular thing is not in pro-
duction yet.
                                                    THE PRESS: How much does it cost?
                                                    MR. GRIFFING: Shall I go into it, General?
                                                    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, go ahead.
                                                    MR. GRIFFING: The cost will be between three and
five thousand dollars apiece.
                                                    THE PRESS: General, has there been any indication
that any of these radar sightings have been made by electronic
countermeasures being used by U. S. Strategic Air Command
bombers practicing?
                                                    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: No; they haven't. We've
investigated that and come up negative.
                                                    THE PRESS: Is that Schmidt camera telescope the
only one, astronomical telescope that's capable of being used
on a project like this?
                                                    MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Probably not.

```

- page 19 -

This page does not contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR-transcribed text from the document:

---
-26-

MR. GRIFFING: It's not the only one, but it is the most practical telescopic method. Any telescope can be used but the probability of getting a flying object is very remote. Because it has such a wide aperture, it makes it more useful.

THE PRESS: Well, are you planning any other measurement tools other than this camera and telescope?

MR. GRIFFING: Well, of course, the difficulty is if we have a high-powered instrument, we can't guarantee that they'll intercept flying objects so there are other simple measurements that can be made with trained personnel. There are measurements of time. One can time the appearance and disappearance with his own watch and thin check his watch. Accurate measurements of time are one thing and simple measurements of angle can be made by trained people with very crude apparatus, and they can tell whether an object is one mile or fifty miles high.

THE PRESS: Haven't we already had some trained personnel, so-called trained personnel, who timed these appearances?

MR. GRIFFING: There perhaps have -- Captain Ruppelt can answer that. The point is in any of these operations there have to be two simultaneous observers to get altitude. You can't use one observation, and it may be that two simultaneous observations have not been in the reports.

THE PRESS: General --

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I think that the gentleman here has been waiting quite awhile with a question, if you don't mind.

THE PRESS: General, you mentioned that eight percent of the reports come from airline pilots. Some of these men have as much as twenty years' flying time, twenty years' experience in flying. What's the reaction of the Air Force to creditable observers like that who give you a detailed description?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: It's very high. We react to them as saying this is an important item.

THE PRESS: Do you classify that, some of those things, as phenomena?

---



- page 20 -

The document does not contain any photographs. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
-27-

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, what else can we call
it? His terms of the statement about it are not placeable in
anything else as phenomena. I have one that a friend of mine
who is an Air Force officer reported from the Middle East. He
said, I thought that my mental processes were adequate to avoid
seeing these things, but I did see something that didn't belong
there.” He was no more able to put a precise measurement on
it although he had competent witnesses. He's a creditable
observer. We're not trying to discredit the observers. That's
the reason that I said that we have many reports from creditable
observers of incredible things. They also say they're in-
creditable.

THE PRESS: Are these phenomena capable of change of
direction and speed such as has been reported?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: There is nothing else known
in the world that can do those things except phenomena! (Laughter)

THE PRESS: General, while we're in this mass of
areas for a minute, suppose some superintelligent creature
had come up with a solution to the theoretical problem of
levitation, would that not be, massless in our observations
either by radar or by sight? No gravity.

THE PRESS: A balloon has no gravity but its rate
of movement is distinctly limited.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I don't know whether
I can g1ve any answer to that, sir, that makes any sense
because I'm not a metaphysician. I think, probably, just to
return to saying that -- we believe most of this can be under -
stood gradually by. the human mind.

THE PRESS: So far as we know, have any of these
manifestations been reported over Russia or any of the
satellites?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, we don't know if there
have been any reported over there, no.

THE PRESS: General Samford or perhaps General Ramey,
you have described fighters over the District here in the last
few weeks. Is there any kind of a policy as far as the rest of
the country or the Air Defense Command on such sightings?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I would like General Ramey
to speak to that, if he will, please.
 ```

- page 21 -

There are no photographs present in the provided document page.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
-28-

MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY: There's no special policy as
a result of these reports. We have a standard operating procedure that would call for an investigation of reports that can be tracked on a reasonable assurance of some sort of intercept or some direction to (inaudible). Those instructions are standard, however, and are not especially caused by this.

THE PRESS: General, is it true that there was a 
two-hour delay between the "sighting" of these objects last Saturday night and the dispatch of the jets from New Castle?

MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY: Yes; that is true because
there was never a track established. As soon as a track was established to tell the airplane the direction to go in and the authenticity of the thing was established, then the pilots got off. As long as there's a sporadic report with no identification, no track established, there's no use in sending a very short-range short-field-duration interceptor in the air because he wouldn't know where to go or what to do.

THE PRESS: In other words, it was the decision of 
the operations officer that occasioned the delay and not any 
error in transmission of the alert.

MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY: That's correct; yes, sir.

THE PRESS: General, it's been rumored that the 
Air Force has been picking up blips of this sort for quite awhile but waited until civilian radar picked it up. Is that true?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I think I mentioned earlier 
our past experience in dealing with these things in many areas where we have had, ah, hundreds of fruitless intercept efforts in response to radar blips. It's not new with us at all.

THE PRESS: But of the same caliber as recently as 
the past couple of weeks, I mean, the same caliber blips. I think we've all heard about this blip, but is that the thing that you sighted before in the past by the Air Force? That's what I wanted to ask.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I can only say that I 
feel fairly sure that they were the same or reasonably the same. No two blips on a radar are alike.

THE PRESS: Have these been better, clearer, bigger?
```

- page 22 -

The document page does not contain any photographs.

OCR Text:

```
-2-

and two thousand reports dealing with thia area. And out of
that maas of reports that we've received wo've been able to
take th1nge which were originally unidentified and dispose of
tham to our satisfaction In terms of bulk where we came to the
conclusion that thase thfnga were aither friendly aircraft
erroneously recognized or reported, hoaX88, Quite a few of
those, elect-ronic and maeteorological phanomenaon of one sort
or another, light aberrations, and many other things.

However, there have remained a percentege of this
total. in the ord~r of t:v«enty per oent of tbe reports, tha. t
have come from credible observers of relatively incredible
things. And becw1se of those things not being pcissible for
us to move along and associate With the kind of things that
we've found can be 1BBYYclated with the bulk of these reports,
we keep en being concerned about them.

However, I'd like to a&y that the difficulty with
disposing of these reports is largely based upon the lack of
any standi:ud measurement or any ability to measure these things
which 11ave bean reported briefly by some, more elaborately by
others, but with no measuring devices that can convert the
thing or the idea or the phenomenon into something that becomas
manllgeable· as material for arzy kind of. analysts that we know.
We take some of these tbinge and we try to get the best pro-
fessional advice, if we can,- from them, about them, and ws're
in much the same position of trying to bring to the good honest
workmen of science a piece or material that .1las no utility
because it doesn't have the kinc! of measurements ln it that he
can use. And, as a consequence, he has to reject these th1nga
and say, vectil you can bring me something more substantial
than that, I can't make any progress."

eo our need, really, is to get the measurement value
on these an4, in the interim, lacking sufficient measure of
these things to make them amenable to real analysts, we have
to say that our real interest in this project is not one of
inte1lectual curiosity but Is tn trying to establish and
appraise the possibility of a menace to the United States.
And we can @ay, BS of now, that there has been no pattern th&t
reveals anything remotely like purpose or remotely like con-
sistency that we can in any way associate with any menace to
the United States.

Now, we do want to continue in the interests of
intellectual curiosity or tl'le contributions t.o be made to
scientific measurements, but our main interest Is going to
```

- page 23 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR Output:

```
-29-

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I wouldn't say better or clearer. These are good returns. Other people have said, "These are good returns."

THE PRESS: General Samford, to clear that point up, I think Captain James indicated earlier in this reference to temperature inversion you now say that these are good returns. Can you get good returns on this temperature inversion reflection?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Yes.

THE PRESS: Can you get a return that's as sharp as the ones you get off of an aircraft?

THE PRESS: That; moves.

THE PRESS: Captain James said they were sharper, larger, awhile ago.

CAPTAIN JAMES: I said it depended upon the target.

THE PRESS: I'm referring to those seen Saturday night. Were those good returns? Could the good returns have been caused by this reflection against this heat (inaudible)?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: We think so. We think that that is probable.

THE PRESS: General, do you think that's probably what they were?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: My own mind is satisfied with that, but my obligation to learn more is not. My own mind is satisfied with that explanation.

THE PRESS: General, if after six years of studying these things you're now convinced that they do not constitute a threat to the safety of the country, is the Air Force thinking about turning this over to some other scientific investigating body or something?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I think that we would want to move into it with them rather than to say turn it over.

THE PRESS: Is there any thought of that, bringing in other governmental scientific bodies perhaps?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Yes.
```

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present on the page.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text:

```
-30-

THE PRESS: Have you any program along that line?
You spoke In the beginning that you wanted the methods of
measuring things. You mentioned two or three little things
like the possibility of buying some cameras and telescopes.
Is there a program being set up to go about this scientifically,
and what other organizations are you thinking of bringing in on it?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I believe that Colonel Bower
of the Technical Analysis Division at Dayton is here. Are you
here, Bower?

COLONEL BOWER: Yes, sir.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Would you address yourself
to that point, please?

COLONEL BOWER: Our idea on that is to implement our
present study with instruments wherever possible, as Mr. Griffing
mentioned, the refraction grid camera and other pickups that we
might get.

THE PRESS: How many of these telescopes have been
ordered, the Schmidt telescope?

COLONEL BOWER: The Schmidt telescopes are not on
order by us. The refraction grid camera is an item which we
are --

THE PRESS: Is the Schmidt telescope project an
Air Force project or --

MR. GRIFFING: Yes. Yes, sir.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I think the point that the
gentleman over here wanted to have answered is can you explain
from memory the kind of structure that I know that you have in
ATTIC for, well, I've seen it somewhere in my memory that you
have this step and this step and this step.

COLONEL BOWER: We have several steps in analyses
and that might explain to you one reason why we cannot give
you an instantaneous answer. I mean this requires a study
Just like any technical problem. First of all, we need tech-
nical data. Our first step is to collect the data and check
it against other identified objects such as balloons, if air-
craft or missies or such things as meteors are following
that, and it comes back and we make an analysis of it within
our own groups. We have specialists in our own organizations,
people on electrodynamics, physics, geophysics, and various
```

- page 25 -

This page does not contain any photographs.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
                                          -31-

other specialities that would fit into this. Following that, 
if it is necessary, we will send it to consultants or 
specialists in the field. Your mention of a contractor -- 
we are considering that with the idea, if we can't come out 
with an answer, of giving it to a contractor to study it. 
That won't be a short-time job.

                 THE PRESS:  Are you taking a new approach in this 
whole thing?

                 COLONEL BOWER: I would say implementing the past 
approach.

                 THE PRESS: Going at it more systematically.

                 COLONEL BOWER: Yes. I think that's the thing to 
stress. In a lot of these things you can't get technical 
data and without technical data you can't get a technical 
answer very well.

                 MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Maybe I have a thought 
that might help in answering that problem. When we started 
to say this is an obligation we must learn more about, we 
thought initially that we could learn something from volume 
of reports.  We say we want all the reports we can get and 
then see that through that volume maybe we can make a pattern. 
I think we're beginning to believe now that the things which 
we can sense from volume are not necessarily the things which 
we value.  In other words, volume can come from many different 
things. It can come from external stimulous. It can come from 
an unusual opportunity. It can come from such a variety of 
meaningless things so that the volume of reports is not going 
to be our answer. We have thought we'd get thousands and 
thousands of reports and out of these we will develop something 
that has pattern. We're now becoming convinced that only 
through better reports with equipment or with a trained 
reporter specifically attempting to report the valuable things 
about these items are we likely to produce material that is 
suitable grist for a scientific analysis. Ths stuff we have 
now hasn't enough meat on its bones to interest scientific 
people.

                THE PRESS: Well, General, would you say a qualified 
observer would be the pilot from New Castle -- I believe his 
name was Lieutenant Patterson -- who got within what he 
estimated was two miles of this object last Saturday? Have 
you questioned him?
```

- page 26 -

The document does not appear to contain an image or a photograph.

Here is the OCR-transcribed text from the document:

```
-32-

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: He has no measurement that
you can put in scientific hands.

THE PRESS: Well, other than his eye as a pilot.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: He says -- if the quality of
the observer is that of seeing something, he was a qualified
observer. If the quality is measuring something, he is not a
qualified observer.

THE PRESS: Well, the reason I'd implied that he'd
be qualified is he was probably concentrating with all of his
intensity upon this object that he was pursuing. He must have
been thinking about it pretty intensely; therefore, can probably
give you some pretty good information. Have you questioned him
about it?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Yes. He had motive; he had
direction; he had interest; he had opportunity. But he had no
measuring devices to measure this thing, or these things that
need to have measurement before it can become anything other
than a sighting.

THE PRESS: Well, do you explain his sighting on the
basis of this heat inversion theory too, now?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Not necessarily. That very
likely is one that sits apart and says insufficient measurement,
insufficient association with other things; insufficient insuff-
ficient association with other probabilities for it to do any
more than to join that group of sightings that we still hold
in front of us as saying no.

THE PRESS: Hasn't he admitted that that might have
been a ground light that he was looking at?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I don't recall that I --

THE PRESS: Well, have you come to any conclusion as
a result of interrogating this pilot?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: None other than that this is
another one of the thousand or two thousand sightings.

THE PRESS: General, this fellow that almost flew
into the ground, did he go around a corner as if on a bent
return? What were the circumstances of that flight?
```

- page 27 -

The document contains no photographs on this page. Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
-33-

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Did I get the information of the ground lock-on from you, James?

CAPTAIN JAMES: Yes, sir; you did.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Would you answer the question?

CAPTAIN JAMES: I'm sorry. I didn't hear it.

THE PRESS: Did he look on a reflected image, go around the corner, and go down to the ground? Was that the pattern?

CAPTAIN JAMES: Yes; that's true. That was the pattern, and he did that three times and each time it led him to the same point on the ground.

THE PRESS: Captain, what about the man who saw four lights, Saturday night?

CAPTAIN JAMES: Well, I'll have to ask Captain Ruppelt to explain the lights.

THE PRESS: General -

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: There's this difficulty. May I make this statement: I was trying to -- let's take any one of these reports and pull it out and say, "Well, what is the meaning of that one report?" None of these things in the period of our entire experience with them has had any validity on its own. The only thing that we hope for is to find enough similarity in sequence of these things so that you can begin to pull something out. There is no validity in them as individual sightings to mean any particular thing.

THE PRESS: General, did you notice in all of your, say, twenty per cent of the inexplicable reports a consistency as to color, size, or speed, estimated speed?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: None whatsoever.

THE PRESS: None whatsoever?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: No.

THE PRESS: Have you ever tracked the speed by radar of any particular object that you can explain?
```


- page 28 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR Transcript:

```
                                   -34-

          MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: There have been many radar
reports giving speed.

          THE PRESS: What did they range from, sir?

          MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: They run from zero to
fantastic speeds.

          THE PRESS: General, how do you explain this case,
now?  The CAA, as I understand the story, after picking up
these objects on the radar, also got this Capital Airlines
pilot named Pierrnan on their radar as he was going out west
and, as the Senior Controller told me, he said whenever a
blip, one of the unidentified blips, appeared anywhere near
Pierrnan's plane, he would call Pierrnan on the radio and say,
"You have traffic at two o'clock about three miles," and
Pierrnan, in return, would look to the given range and bearing
and say, "I see it.  I see the light!"

          THE PRESS: Happy New Year!  (Laughter)

          THE PRESS: Pierrr.an described it as a light that 
was zooming and all such things and this was done not once
but Barnes told me he instructed him on that target three
times and then, Saturday night, this past Saturday night,
when they all saw all these blips, Barnes vectored at least
a half dozen airline pilots and planes into these things and
they all reported seeing lights.

          THE PRESS: Many of them didn't see them, according
to Barnes.

          THE PRESS: Yes. Many of them didn't see them, but
then some did.

          MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I can't explain that.

          THE PRESS: Well, how do you explain this directing?
Is that autosuggestion or --

          MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I can't explain it at all.
I think maybe --

          THE PRESS: Have you investigated that phase of
this thing, this vectoring the planes into that?

          MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: You can investigate, but
the technique of investigating is a process of mind-reading,
```

- page 29 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
-35-

for example, or the technique of investigating the process of
mesmerism.  You can say will you investigate those things?  I
think probably we know no more about mind-reading than the
technique of investigating that or the technique of investi-
gating evidences of spiritualism than we do about those fields
but for many years ther field of spiritualism had these same
things in it in which completely competent creditable observers
reported incredible things.  I don't mean to say that this is
that sort of thing, but it's an explanation of an inability to
explain and that is with us.

THE PRESS: General, I understand that the wavelength
of the radar has something to do with what it can pick up in the
way of phenomena. Were these relatively low or relatively high
wavelength radar?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I couldn't say and I don't
know whether Captain James can or not, but I'd like to have him
have the opportunity.

CAPTAIN JAMES: These were relatively high frequency
or short wavelength.  However, the same effect can be observed
on long wavelength equipment with differing degrees.

THE PRESS: You say very short wavelength?

CAPTAIN JAMES: In this case, yes.

THE PRESS: They were designed for different purposes?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Yes, sir.

THE PRESS: General, why has the Air Force refused
to disclose the substance of Captain Mantell's air-ground
conversations before he died?  Do you remember that case?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I don't know enough
about it to say what was said or what some reasons were.

THE PRESS: Well, a popular book made quite a point
of that, that the Air Force was holding back on that because
it told the true nature of the saucer, that he had approached
it, and --

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, I wish that that were
true, that he did say something that hed enough substance In
it for use.  I haven't the slightest idea what he said.
```

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR-transcribed text from the document:

```
-36-
THE PRESS: Are you withholding any information
about these so-called --

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Are we now?

THE PRESS: Yes. Is anything --.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: There is one thing that we
have asked that our -- some of our informers have asked -- I
don't like the word "informer" either -- reporters had asked --

THE PRESS: We don’t like that word either.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I like the word. Reporter
is all right. But many people are reticent about reporting
these things if their names are mentioned because they are
frequently looked on by others as being publicity seekers or
maybe people will avoid them and go on the other side of the
street for awhile (laughter), so they ask us to not say who
made this report and sometimes information is received that
deals with the credibility of a reporter saying he’s drunk
all the time or he never did do anything but lie. (Laughter).
Well, those things we get are not revealed, but in so far as
the statement of what they saw, when and where they saw it,
the measurements that they took, such as they were, we are not
withholding any of that data.

THE PRESS: How about your interpretation of what
they reported?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, we’re trying to say
as much as we can on that today and admit that the barrier of
understanding on all of this is not one that we break.

THE PRESS: General, have you ever said flatly that
these are not machines that the United States has made or is 
developing?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: What was that?

THE PRESS: Have you said this afternoon that these
are not machines or weapons that the United States is developing?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I would say that these that
we have been speaking about in this locality are definitely not.
However, many reports that we have received and we‘ve been able
to correlate and put in their place we have been able to do so
```

- page 31 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR Text Output:

-37-

through association with an activity we had somewhere, a jet aircraft line, a missile, certain balloons. We could say, well, the report probably was associated with this thing which we've done, but in so far as what you are thinking about in this locality --

THE PRESS: These are not missiles or rockets?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: -- there is nothing.

THE PRESS: Well, General, could you turn that over a little bit? A lot of people keep saying that all this talk is a cover-up and that saucers are really the result of some experiments the United States, either the Air Force or Atomic Energy, is carrying on. Can you make a flat statement and say that these unexplained flying saucer manifestations are not the result of any American weapon or other experimentation or test?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I'd say that those that we categorize as unexplained or unidentified have gone through the process of trying to associate them with something we were doing and when we fail to associate them with something we were doing, we say that is one other clue that ran to nothing. Now, to say that sightings everywhere are -- none of them could possibly be associated with what the United States is doing, isn't quite true because we know that a particular jet fighter has been flying in a certain area; somebody has reported thus and thus and thus, and we get those two things together and we say something that we were doing caused that report. As General Ramey said a minute ago, there is a fair degree of probability that two fighters locked on each other and saw and received senses. That was certainly something we were doing that caused those two reports.

THE PRESS: What I was aiming at was this popular feeling --

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Of mystery?

THE PRESS: -- of mystery, of something, that it's some very highly secret new weapon that we're working on that's causing all this.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: We have nothing that has no mass and unlimited.power! (Laughter)

- page 32 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
                                      -38-


           THE PRESS:  General, somebody asked you before how 
      much money you'd spent on this investigation since the start. 
      How much have you spent on it? 

           MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:  It's very slight.  I don't 
    know, 


          THE PRESS:  General, in connection with withholding 
    information, I'd like to ask General Ramey a question.  That is, 
    how many times have fighter planes been brought down over the 
    Washington area in the last couple of weeks to investigate 
    reports of flying objects? 

          MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY:  That's a matter of record -- 
    three, I believe.  I think two flights one night and one flight 
    Saturday night.  I don't remember the night the other two were 
     up.  I think there have been six sorties. 

          THE PRESS:  One flight the first Saturday night and 
     two flights -- 

        MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY:  In this immediate area, yes.  
     We have airplanes that investigate various reports all over 
     the country or places where we have these fighters, but -- 

         THE PRESS:  I thought the Air Force had said that 
     it couldn't send any fighters up because it didn't have them. 

          MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY:  No.  I don't believe it said 
     that. 

           THE PRESS:  The first night. 

           THE PRESS:  How about .  last night, General? 

          MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY:  No; there were no fighters 
     up last night. 

           THE PRESS:  Were there fighters sent in here from 
     New Castle on both those Saturday nights in question? 

          MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY:  That's right; yes. 

           THE PRESS:  Last night, was that because of lack of 
     a track? 

           MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY:  Lack of a track. 
```

- page 33 -

No photograph is present in the document.

OCR text output:

```
-3-

have to continue in the problem of seeing whether the things 
have possibility of hurt to the United States, and our present 
dilemma of lack of measurement that can be turned to analysis 
and a complete lack of pattern in any of these things which 
gives any clue to possible purpose or possible use, leaves us 
in some dilemma as to what we can dp about this remaining twenty 
per cent of unidentified phenomena. 

The volume of reporting is related to many things. 
We know that reports of this kind go back to Biblical times. 
There have been flurries of them in various centuries. 1846 
seems to have had a time when there was quite a flurry of 
porting of this kind. Our current series of reports goes 
back, generally, to 1946 in which things of this kind were 
reported in Sweden.

There are many reasons why this volume goes up and 
down, but we can't help but believe that, currently, one of the 
reasons for volume is that man is doing a great deal more. 
There's more man-made activity in the air now than there was, 
certainly, in Biblical times or in 1846. In addition to that, 
our opportunities to observe have been enhanced greatly. 

The difficult part of it, as far as advancing the 
program is concerned, is that our ability to measure doesn't 
seem to have advanced in any way as well as our opportunity 
to observe and the greater recurrence of more disturbing things 
of this sort that are actually in existence from man-made air 
participation that we know about.

So our present course of action is to continue on this 
problem with the best of our ability, giving to it the attention 
that we feel it very definitely warrants in terms of identifying 
adequately the growing or possible or disappearing, if it turns 
out to be that, menace to the United States to give it adequate 
attention but not frantic attention. 

Now, I think with those opening remarks I could invite 
questions. Question, yes sir?

THE PRESS: Have there been more than one radar sighting 
simultaneously - that is, blips from several stations all con- 
centrating on the same area? 

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: You mean in the past?

THE PRESS: Yes, sir. 
```

- page 34 -

This page does not contain any photographs. The text on the page is as follows:

```
                                                         -39-


          THE PRESS: General, are sightings from military personnel made public generally, or are they --


          MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: There's no reason why they shouldn't be.


          THE PRESS: Thank you, General. Thank you.


          ... The conference was concluded at 5:29 p. m ...


                      *  *  *


                                             (#377-Hedges)
```

- page 35 -

The document contains no photographs.

---

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
ORIGIN OF BASIC

CONFIDENTIAL

COVER SHEET

SUSPENSE

UNCLASSIFIED

DATE

DATE

TYPE

SUBJECT

ASSIGNED BY

AFCIN Request for Transcript, General Samford's Press Conference July 1952 And Other Data

RETURN TO

ARMY Attaches Italy, Israel More All, Air Pentagon

ROUTING

Initial "IN" column to denote review prior to action. Initial "OUT" column to denote review of completed action. (X for action; ✓ for coordination.)

OFFICE IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT IN

OIN-1

OIN-2X

OIN-3

OIN-4

AFOIN

OIN-1X

OIN-2X

OIN-3X

OIN-4X

AFOIN-X

AFOIN-X1

AFOIN-X2

AFOIN-X3

AFOIN-X4

AFOIN-X5

AFOIN-X6

AFOIN-X7

AFOIN-X8

INFO CABLES DISPATCH

TO:

DATE

9 OCT 1957

AFCIN-X1

FROM:

AFCIN-4

COMMENT NO.

1

COMMENTS (Use reverse, if necessary)

hpq/Capt G.T. Gregory/wv/69216

1. In accordance with telephone conversation between your office and Captain Gregory, AFCIN-4H, attached are the following requested items:

a. Transcript of subject press-TV conference.

b. Copy, teletype UFO Report, and conclusions - UFO sightings, FEAF, 17 December 1956.

c. Six (6) copies, standard UFO questionnaire, Forms 164 and 164a.

d. Copy, letter regarding action taken on Hopkinsville "Little Green Men" case with sketch.

2. Reference your request that this Center consider declassifying the "Special UFO Briefing for General Lewis" given last October, to permit its release to the general public. Action has been initiated to review and revise the briefing in this regard.

3. Specific reference is made to the FEAF UFO case, par. 1c. above. This incident has just hit the press and news services (copy attached) through the efforts of NICAP.

Copy

4

copies

Page

4

pages

BY ORDER OF THE AIR INTERVALLII

DOwngrade

CLASSIFT After 12 YEARy, INS CLASSIFIED

12 YEAR

DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 36 -

The provided page does not contain any photographs. 

Here is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

```
RECEIVED
15 JUL 1957
AOS-UINT
HQ USAF
J5
```

- page 37 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR transcribed text from the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

AFHQ O-86, Subj: AFCIN Request for Transcript, General Samford's Press Conference, July 1952 and Other Data

In our opinion, this case was properly evaluated, considering the fact that state side type of detailed UFO investigations cannot be performed at some locale half way around the world. What is of concern is the fact that the report of this incident, as may be noted, is classified.

4. The question arises how did Keyhoe obtain the report? If USAF personnel involved in the sightings are indiscreetly providing this organization with classified information, then the matter takes a serious turn. As an agitator, Keyhoe's "Method of operation" is now well known: through the press, a demand to the Air Force for an explanation of some controversial UFO incident; the press' statement that the Air Force had "no immediate comment," as in this case; and the twisting of the Air Force's comment to NICAP's advantage.

5. It is not necessary to state that time is generally required for press queries to move through military channels for data upon which to base a reply, a fact that NICAP is undoubtedly aware.

CHESTER R. LONG
CHESTER R. LONG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Executive

4 Incls
1. Cy, memo, 8-1-52, re briefings w/1 incl (U)
2. Cmt #2, DF, Undtd., Subj: Radar & Visual UFO Reported by FEAF (C) (T56-29475- A-2 ()-3p) w/3 Incls Incls 1 & 3 unci, Incl 2 c, Cy incoming MT TTRQ-A-9605, 18 Dec 56 (T56-29475-3) (1-5p) (C) 
3. ATIC Tms 164 & 164A (sec) 
4. Cy Ltr, 29 Aug 57, Subj: Req for Info - Hopkinsville Incident (Uncl) 
5. 1st Ind, 1 Oct 57 w/6 incls

UNCLASSIFIED CONFIDENTIAL
Copy _L_ of 4 copies Page 2 of _2_ pages 757 _2/184_
```

- page 38 -

This document does not contain any photographs. 

Here is the OCR-produced text from the document:

---

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE  
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE  
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.  

APOIN  
1 August 1952  

MEMORANDUM FOR: ALL DIRECTORS OF INTELLIGENCE, MAJOR AIR COMMANDS  
     ALL AIR ATTACHES  
     COMMANDING OFFICER, 1121D SPECIAL ACTIVITIES SQUADRON  

SUBJECT: Protection Against Public Release of Sensitive Subject Matter  

1. Reference is made to:  
     a. Directorate of Intelligence Policy Letter No. 205-1, dated 17 July 1952.  
     b. Directorate of Intelligence Policy Letter No. 205-2, dated 22 July 1952.  

2. On 29 and 30 July personnel of various Air Force intelligence activities participated in public press conferences and radio broadcasts to answer questions relative to unidentified aerial phenomena.  

3. This participation, contrary to stated AFOIN policy, was directed by competent authority, for competent reasons. It does not indicate any change in the policy stated in references a and b above.  

BY COMMAND OF THE CHIEF OF STAFF:  

(Signed)  
JOHN A. SAMFORD  
Major General, USAF  
Director of Intelligence  

(For Capt George's Files  
4 5-91197-964  
(Removed notes))

---

- page 39 -

There are no photographs on this page.

OCR Text Output:

           4.

                MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Yes. That is not an unusual
           thing to happen to this sequence at all. Phenomenon has
           passed from one radar to another and with a fair degree of
           certainty that it was the same phenomenon. To say that there
           have been simultaneous sightings, the same thing by different
           radar, I think that we could be quite sure that that has
           occurred simultaneously. Now, when ive talk about down to the
           split second, I don't know, but simultaneously in time suf-
           ficient for us to argue that there’ve been two mechanical
           obseirvatiioris of the same thing.

                THE PRESS: Enough to give you 8 fix so that you can
           be sure that it is right in a certain place?

                MAJOR (3ENERAL SAMFORD: That is most rare.

                THE PRESS: Baa there been any?

                MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Most rare. I don’t recall
           that we have had one that gives us that kind of an effect.

                THE PRESS: Could that be due to ionized clouds?

                MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: There are thoughts that
           ionized clouds do have some influence on this. We do know
           that the thunderstorm activity is quite nicely identifiable
           by radar because we use the rarer for the purposes of avoiding
           thunderstorms and we do have some that show the storm area
           that's coming inwards principal stations where protection
           is necessary in terms of high winds and thunderstorms.

                THE PRESS: How mach money would you say the Air
           Force spends a year tracking down these flying saucer reports?

                MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, the energy that's going
           into it at the present time is outside of anything except the
           normal reporting procedures. Most of our reports come from
           individuals or, we might say, I think, on the order of sixty-odd
           per cent comes from the civilian population straight out. I
           think there might be something like eight per cent come from
           civil airlines pilots. You might find that another percentage,
           in the order of twenty-five, might come from military pilots.
           And the effort to further analyze them and profit in going after
           that in a big way is going to have in some way to be related to
           a standard measurement that makes this material for workmen to
           work on.

- page 40 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR text output:

```
                                               -5-


      THE PRESS:  General, have you talked to your Air
Intelligence Officer who is over at the National Airport when
they were sighting all these bandits on the CAA screen?

      MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD;  Yes, sir; I have.

      THE PRESS:  And have you talked to the Andrews Field
people who apparently saw the same thing?

      MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:  I haven't talked to them
myself, but others have.  

      THE PRESS:  Well, could you give us an account of
what they did see and what explanation you might attach to it?

      MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:  Well, I could discuss pos-
sibilities.  The radar screen has been picking up things for
many years that, well, birds, a flock of ducks.  I know there's
been one instance in which a flock of ducks was picked up and
was intercepted and flown through as being an unidentified
phenomenon.

      THE PRESS:  Where was that, General?

      MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:  I don’t recall where it was.
I think it might have been in Japan but I don’t recall the
location of that.  That’s just a recollection of where that
sort of thing could happen and I do know that at Wright Field
there was one of these things on the radar -- this was in 1950,
I think -- maybe Captain James would reinforce that.  Was that
in 1950?

      CAPTAIN JAMES:  That’s correct.

      MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD:  -- in which the local radar
produced the effect of the encircling phenomena that caused
quite a lot of concern and it was gone out and intercepted
and found to be a certain kind of ice formation that was in
the air in various parts of the atmosphere around Wright Field
on that day.

      Again, there are theories like the men who; theory
of light refraction which says that temperature inversion in
the atmosphere can cause an image from somewhere else to be
reflected in positions where it is not.  If that is a correct
theory, related to it is another oddity with respect to the
ground effect that you get in radar.
```

- page 41 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

**OCR Text Output:**

```
-6-

We have one instance in which a night fighter with
radar is reported to have locked on, as they say, to an object
in flight, which, after he'd followed it beyond this curve,
found that he was locked on to the ground and he had only a
very few minutes to recover because the ground target had
gone up and then misplaced by some phenomena, and he locked on
to it in a position where he wasn't, but, following it, he
eventually found himself directed toward the ground.

Now, the conditions that seem to produce these
temperature inversions and possibly the same kind of thing
for ground targets being misplaced in altitude -- I don't
know that it is worded that they're misplaced in azimuth --
is somewhat typical of the kind of hot humid weather that we've
been having here in the last three or four weeks. There's no
reason to relate those phenomena to those atmospheric condi-
tions positively, but it is a possibility.

Yes, sir?

THE PRESS: Did interceptors go up on any of the
three occasions?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Here?

THE PRESS: Yes.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Yes, sir.

THE PRESS: What did they see on their radarscopes?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I don't recall that they
saw anything. Do you remember, Roger, whether anything was
sighted on their radarscopes?

MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY: There have been no radar
sightings. One or two reported (inaudible).

THE PRESS: There have been no airborne radar
sightings, General Ramey? Is that --

MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY: That's correct.

THE PRESS: On what did they report sightings?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Lights.
```

- page 42 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

```
-7-

MAJOR GENERAL RAMEY: In one or two instances, they reported sighting lights. In one instance, they reported looking on to an object. It is pretty clear from the discussion of the pattern of two airplanes that went out that one of them was looked on to the other one.

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Yes.

THE PRESS: General --

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Yes, sir?

THE PRESS: Back to the ionized cloud.. Were the blips picked up recently comparable to the ionized cloud or were they different in manuvering or motion?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: Well, you're talking about a thunderstorm cloud which is one that we know enough about so that we can say, "That is a thunderstorm." In the same way we can look at something else and say, "That is No. So-and-so airplane."

THE PRESS: And these recent blips were different?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: These were different.

THE PRESS: General Samford, I understand there were radar experts who saw these sightings Saturday night or early Sunday morning. What was their interpretation of what they saw on the scope?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: They said they saw good returns.

THE PRESS: Which would indicate that these were solid objects similar to aircraft?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: No, not necessarily. We get good returns from birds.

THE PRESS: Well, you wouldn't get as large a blip from a bird as --

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: No; unless it was close.

THE PRESS: Did they report that these could have been birds?
```

- page 43 -

### Photograph Description
There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

### OCR Text Output
```
-8-

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: No.

THE PRESS: Can you get a good return from a re-
flected ground target, General?

MAJOR GENERAL SAMFORD: I'll ask Captain James --

CAPTAIN JAMES: You can get a very large return from
a reflected ground target.

THE PRESS: Just as good as you might get from an
object actually in flight in the air?

CAPTAIN JAMES: Actually thicker. It depends on
the amount of bending.

THE PRESS: And just as sharp on the scope?

CAPTAIN JAMES: Yes.

THE PRESS: Can you get a blip from the (inaudible)
created by temperature inversion?

CAPTAIN JAMES: On the ground target, yes.

THE PRESS: In other words, something that's on the
ground that's reflected off a refracted cloud bank would throw
off a blip on the radar screen?

CAPTAIN JAMES: Yes, sir. That's true.

THE PRESS: Would a nearby radar set get that blip
at exactly the same speed?

CAPTAIN JAMES: Not necessarily, no.

THE PRESS: In other words, you can have a light and
something that lacks substance and material and still have a
blip?

CAPTAIN JAMES: I don't quite understand that question.

THE PRESS: You can have a radar image that's created
without the necessity of radar striking the solid object or a
semi-solid, such as a cloud?

CAPTAIN JAMES: Well, eventually, it does have to
strike an object.
```

- page 44 -

