The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a report about a UFO sighting in Madison, Wisconsin.

MADISON, WISCONSIN
5/17/52

AS FOLLOWS:
Four bright lights were sighted at 9:00 P.M. traveling approximately 1200 mph. Observers chased the lights and paced them at 1200 mph. The lights were observed to turn and land at Truax Field.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 5/27/54
2. Time of day: 10:55 PM Hour Minute (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? ABOUT 10 MI SOUTH MADISON, WISCONSIN
Additional remarks: FORMER USAF CID AGENT REPORTING
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 20 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a form or questionnaire with various questions related to sighting an unidentified object.

The text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight -- pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? (Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several blocks away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other

11. Did the object: a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or exploded? Yes, No, Don't Know
d. Change color? Yes, No, Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes, No, Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?, b. Transparent?, c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes, No
b. Sun glasses Yes, No
c. Windshield Yes, No
d. Window glass Yes, No
e. Binoculars Yes, No
f. Telescope Yes, No
g. Theodolite Yes, No
h. Other

- page 3 -

The image contains a diagram or sketch drawn by the witness, which depicts several round or disc-shaped objects with what appears to be exhaust or vapor trails. The sketch is labeled with an arrow pointing to the right, suggesting the objects were traveling in that direction.

16. SOUND BRIGHT WHITE
16. COLOR BRIGHT WHITE
17. The drawing depicts several disc-shaped objects with exhaust or vapor trails. The objects are arranged in a row, with an arrow pointing to the right to indicate the direction they were traveling.
18. The edges of the objects were: a. Fuzzy or blurred
19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? (SAME 17 ABOVE)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page includes instructions for the observer to draw a picture illustrating the motion of the observed object or objects, and to place markers at the beginning and end of the path, as well as indicate any changes in direction during the course. The page also contains questions for the observer to estimate the size of the object, describe its appearance compared to common objects, and explain how the object disappeared from view.

Text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
     O JANESVILLE        O  RACING
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.  KLAINTS APPEAR TO BE 200 FEET GIANT 
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
      a. Head of a pin     e. Silver dollar
      b. Pea              f. Baseball  
      c. Dime            g. Grapefruit
      d. Nickel           h. Basketball
      i. Other
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
      a. Certain          c. Not very sure
      b. Fairly certain    d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?  7-3-3 ABOUT JUST PUT TO EACH SHORT HOP
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw.  Of what type material would you make it?  How large would it be, and what shape would it have?  Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object you saw.
UNKNOWN. ONE SILHOUETTE WAS SEEN.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the suburbs of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In an open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Parked an Instrument Lander near Madison, when I noticed the object.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? 400 miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 134 degrees.
b. From horizon 55 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 070 degrees.
b. From horizon 0 degrees.

- page 6 -

The image contains three sketches or illustrations. The first sketch shows a curved line and a silhouetted landscape, with the instructions to mark "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when first seen, and "B" to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.

The second and third sketches appear to be examples of how to complete the larger sketch, showing a road with trees and mountains in the background, and a road going off into the distance with a curved horizon line above.

OCR output:
32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

AIR CORPS

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

SAME AS ABOVE

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Overcast or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
DEC 1951 ARMY COL A.R. 73521 SHORT/Y AFTE SIGHTING.

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) YES No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) YES No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
MADISON, WISCONSIN

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) YES No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
(No response provided)

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
APPEARS TO BE SOME TYPE OF FORMATION OR FORMATION.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a report on UFO sightings.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 875 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1,200 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: MARION CHOSSRAN
ADDRESS: 2126 NORTHPORT DRIVE, MADISON, WISCONSIN
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present job? AIRCRAFT PILOT, USAF
Age: 27 Sex: MALE
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school -
b. High school V
c. College - 
d. Post graduate -
Other special training: AIR FORCE TRAINING

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 JANUARY 1953

- page 9 -

There is no visible photograph or image in this document. It appears to be a typed report containing text about an incident that occurred in Madison, Wisconsin on December 9, 1952.

The text of the document is as follows:

Madison, Wisconsin
9 December 1952

I. Description of Incident
Four bright lights in diamond formation were sighted at 1745 by a captain and a lieutenant flying in a C-23 aircraft located south of Madison, Wisconsin. The pilots followed until they overtook the objects and continued following them until 1906 when they point out of their base. At no time was a silhouette visible, even against the lights of Milwaukee. Visibility was about unlimited to 5,000 feet. The observed aircraft.

II. Discussion of Incident  
Local radar was contacted to determine if they picked up the unidentified object, but they returned negative results, considering it to be very high speed excessive for weather balloons. The only possible explanation would center on the speed of the object. To fit the speed of the aircraft would probably have to be in the jet category. There is no record of local or transient aircraft in the area. Furthermore, local radar was carrying the T-33 on its scope but had no return from the unidentified objects. If the unknown was an aircraft it would have been evident on the radar.  

III. Conclusion
Unknown

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the following text found in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

SUBJECT: Sighting of Unidentified Objects

AREA REPORTED ON: Madison, Wisconsin

DATE OF REPORT: 16 Dec 1952

DATE OF INFORMATION: 15 Dec 1952

SUMMARY: (Give concise summary of report. Give significance in final conclusions.)

The unidentified objects were sighted by Capt. W. D. Endicott, MAC., while flying in T-33. Time: 1900-1930. Location: 5 miles west of Madison, Wisconsin.

CONCLUSION: Insufficient data for evaluation. Recommend further investigation to determine identity of objects.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 11 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

TO:  PROJECT 10073 RECORD
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

THE COMMANDING OFFICER
AIR INTELLIGENCE 4602 MOUNT VERNON AVENUE
ALEXANDRIA, VIRGINIA

1. WITH REFERENCE TO YOUR UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT
REQUESTING ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: 

THE AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO, HAS CONCLUDED THAT THE VISUAL CONTACT WAS INSUFFICIENT TO PERMIT A SATISFACTORY CONCLUSION AS TO THE NATURE OF THE OBJECT OR OBJECTS. 

SO THAT MILITARY INVESTIGATIVE INFORMATION CAN BE CONSIDERED AND APPROPRIATELY CORRELATED, WOULD YOU PLEASE FURNISH THE FOLLOWING ADDITIONAL DATA:

1. SKETCH OR DRAWINGS (2)

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the 433rd Fighter-Interceptor Squadron located in Madison, Wisconsin, dated January 7, 1952. The document discusses an incident involving "Unidentified Flying Objects" and provides details regarding the sighting, including the reactions of the pilots involved and the actions taken in response.

433rd Fighter-Interceptor Squadron
Badger Field
Madison, Wisconsin
7 Jan. 1952

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects
In reply to AFOIN-MTJI-5

TO: Robert F. Kennedy
Major, USAF
Air Adjutant General
ATCRG-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. With reference to your questions of letter dated 29, Dec. 1952, the following information is submitted:

2. a. The T-33 aircraft piloted by Dept. W. D. Bridges and 1st Lt. D. Johnson first passed the objects on their flight band and apparently saw the objects.

b. The objects were estimated to be slightly larger than the T-33 aircraft and were very bright, almost white in color.

c. The 755th ACGW Squadron had both radar and radio contact with the T-33, 755th ACGW Squadron reported it could paint the T-33 clear on radar, but could not paint the objects.

d. The four bright lights always remained the same distance, but did turn from a southeast heading to a west heading.

e. On talking with the 755th ACGW Squadron this morning, they stated that they tried to contact the objects for nearly 5 minutes, with negative results after the T-33 broke contact.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scan of a typed document or report.

Have 2. The two U. S. Air Force Technical Information Sheets have previously been received. At the present time the name Johnson is not officer's of on file. Maxwell Air Force Base, attending the Technical ground a personnel, with Capt. Bridges.

An article appeared in the Wisconsin State Journal of Madison, Wisconsin, of 10 Dec. 1952. Capt. Charles A. Johnson is reported as a World War II pilot, in the same general area, and approximately by the same time as the sightings by Capt. Bridges.

Charles W. Garrison
2nd Lieutenent, USAF
Intelligence Officer

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: (Please Print)
SIGNATURE:
DATE: 9 December 1952

Four unidentified objects were sighted by Capt. [REDACTED] and while flying in T-33, # TR-9612, Truax Field, Madison, Wisc.

Four bright lights in diamond formation were sighted at 17:45CST on 9 Dec 1952. Position of sighting was about 10 miles south of Madison, Wisc. (VLG 302) (SE-20) - [REDACTED] followed the objects for about 420 mph until about 10 miles SW of Madison, Wisc. (ADR 270 - 20) which was at that time which the objects passed the Capt. at 53,000 feet. The objects disappeared. No pick-up the objects on radar, but did have contact with the T-33.

Objects confirmed on a heading of 90° and pilots followed until low on fuel. Point of break-away was about 10 miles west of Madison, Wisc. (SE CO' W-420, 451) H.J. At an altitude of 25,000 feet there was a trailing, even string of the lights of some 25 miles in length. Visibility was secondarily confirmed with a ceiling of 25,000 feet, broken-overcast.

Only radios object during the entire period of sighting were the four bright lights in diamond formation.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
NOT AUTOMATIC DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

- page 15 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet that summarizes the details of a UFO sighting.

Four unidentified objects were sighted by Capt. [redacted] and [redacted] to the US Army FTS Field, Madison, Wisconsin, while flying in T-33 type A/C #51-4092.

The objects were sighted at 17:45 GST on 9 Dec 1952 at an approximate altitude of 6,500 feet heading 130° estimated speed of 400 mph. The objects followed the target at a speed of 450 mph until about 19 miles NE of Madison, Wisconsin. The objects then made a sharp left turn at about 10:50 miles NE of Madison and descended rapidly at an estimated speed of 4,000-5,000 mph and disappeared from sight.

The report describes the sighting and following of the objects. Capt. [redacted] reported the sighting and following of the objects. Scoberry was unable to produce a photograph as no camera was available.

Cadet's continued on a heading of 90° and pilots followed until low on fuel. Lights in Madison became dim formations during the entire period of sighting were the four bright lights.

The document is stamped "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet regarding an unidentified flying object sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

the following is an order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following spaces to write out a brief description of the event that you observed. You may request past information on similar cases. From the data you give, you should discuss the date, time, location, background information of the event, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [NAME REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [SIGNATURE REDACTED]
DATE: 7/24/1952

Four unidentified objects were sighted by Capt. [ REDACTED ] and assigned to the 433rd FIS, Truax Field, Madison, Wisc. while flying in T-33 # TR-51/612.

Four bright lights in diamond formation were sighted at 17:45CST on 9 Dec 1952 at an approximate altitude of 4,000 feet heading in a general NE direction at an estimated speed of 400mph. Position of lights remained constant and gave the appearance of pulsating or flashing. The lights were observed for approximately 2 minutes and then the pilot lost sight of them at a point approximately 17:47CST. (55'55" W--28' 47" N) at which time the pilots passed the objects.--time 17:45CST. The object or objects continued on a heading of 900 and pilots followed until 1 low on fuel.

At 17:55CST the break-away was about 10 miles west of Racine, Wisc. (and 90' W--43' 53" N) at which time the objects disappeared from sight. Visibility was erratic and intermittent, with a ceiling of 2,500 feet broken-overcast.

Only a little object during the entire period of sighting were the four bright lights in diamond formation.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 17 -

