The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a record card. The card contains various fields filled out with information about an observation, including the location (Tokyo, Japan), the type of observation (Ground-visual), the number of objects observed (1-2), and a brief summary of the sighting.

PROJECT 10079 RECORD CARD
1. DATE  9-6-52
3. TIME PERIOD 02/1900 JSTT
5. LOCATION TOKYO, JAPAN
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
6. NO. OF OBJECTS: 1 - 2
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 MIN - 1 HOUR
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Targets observed on ASA report of GCA units traveling at high speed. Distance/altitude could not be estimated. No sound reported. Targets varied from one to three, did not change in reported sighting.
11. COMMENTS:
Returns could have been caused by migrator targets. This type of observation frequently reported in Korea.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report about unidentified flying objects observed in the Tokyo area in September 1952.

OCR text output:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

COUNTRY: JAPAN
SUBJECT: UFOBRT
DATE: 25 October 1952
LOCATION: TOKYO Area
DATE-TIME GROUP: 2 September 1952
SOURCES: Lt Col USCAF GUSTO, Comndr, USAF AACS, Far East Air Transport Wing, APO 925

This report concerns unidentified flying objects picked up by the GCA Unit at Haneda AFB, Japan, and later contacted by GCI at Shiroi AFB, Japan. Personnel making the observations evaluate the contacts as being most probably birds.

APPROVED:
H. C. CHARLES S. HANSEL
Brigadier General, USAF
Deputy for Intelligence

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photograph or visual depiction. It appears to be a page from an old Air Intelligence Information Report document, specifically case number 1952-09-6382936 from Tokyo, Japan.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
FROM: Lt(jg) A.J. Norwood, USN
ATTN: Office, D/i PFAF

1. The following letter concerning radar contact with unidentified objects was received from this office and forewarded for your information:

SOURCE: M/Sgt. Joseph P. Wehling, AF 37,l53, 1956-1 AACS Detachment, NCOTC, GCA Section.

SUMMARY: On 2013 LST, 6 Sept 1952 source observed an unidentified object on the scope of the GCA radar at the Tokyo Air Base (Tachikawa Air Base). The object appeared as a very bright target and traveled at an estimated speed of 500-600 mph. The original target remained on the scope for 15 minutes while others were only observed for a period of from 2 to 3 minutes. The original target remained on the scope for 15 minutes.

The targets did not maintain formation.

During periods of various directions the targets remained in the NE quadrant from the field.

The range of the targets varied from 6 to 14 mile from the field.

There was no aircraft traffic reported in the local area at the time of the sighting.

Source was unable to locate the targets by visual means.

The visual sighting was described as 7 miles in scope, about the size of an F-80 aircraft, caused by a G-13, aircraft. Varying speeds from the estimated 20,000 broken clouds, visibility 7 miles, wind from NW at 2 mph, temperature 59°, dew point 75°.

Short AB (32 lon 12 lat) was the time the targets were picked up and what the radar presented as returns from the objects. From a standpoint of pure speculation, correlation might be given to the possibility that migratory birds which have arrived in that area might on this occasion have presented a radar pattern somewhat comparable to that produced by the objects.

This report was not forwarded by electrical means due to the low evaluation.

COMMENT BY PREPARING OFFICER:
Object is estimated as being approximately 55 miles NE-East of Haneda AFB. The object was found in the Southwest quadrant of that station. The radar operator search for GCA is not believed to be normally capable of picking up birds with sufficient clarity to be noticeable; however, it should not be entirely discounted as a possibility, especially on the basis that the objects maintained a very steady course over a period of 15 minutes.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

REPORT NO. IR-40-52 
PAGE 2 OF 2 PAGES

Migratory birds in the Tokyo area. These birds, mostly SNIPE and PLOVER, grow to appear larger in size as they approach from a distance of from 20 to 100 yards. Their flight is generally low, take place from sunrise to midnigit, and usually range from 500 to 15,000 feet, while the altitude when circling in local areas is generally much higher, in addition to local civil and military aircraft, there are often sighted in the area.

3. This contact was in approximately the same position as the contact on 5 Aug 52, and reported on FEAF IR-55-52, dated 12 Aug 52.

CHARLES A. WARREN
Captain, USAF
(ATLO)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a document related to a report on a FIXCRAFT (unidentified flying object) sighting at the Tokyo International Airport in Japan on 25 September 1952. The report was received by the USAF (United States Air Force) and approved by Richard C. Hock, Chief, Intelligence Division.

Text extracted from the document:

USA - NATS
FIXCRAFT
Tokyo International Airport, Japan
25 September 1952
John E. Rhode, Major, USAF

This is a FIXCRAFT, received this headquarters, from Pacific Air Transport Base, California, on 9 September 1952. No distribution by this headquarters other than to NATS agencies.

APPROVED: RICHARD C. HOCK
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Division

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document containing text related to a Project Blue Book report.

5th Air Force Division, MAPS,
Hickam AFB, T.H.

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects, Tokyo International Airport (Haneda), 9 August 1952.

1. The 5th Gunnery Squadron of the 3d Air Division, USAF, reported the following information:

a. On the night of 9 August 1952 a radar operator at the Tokyo International Airport (Haneda) tracked 10 unidentified targets on the radar scope. The targets were 9 miles east of the airport.
b. During the next hour the number of targets observed varied between one and twelve.
c. The targets maintained an estimated speed of 400 to 1,000 miles per hour while observed on the radar.
d. The targets did not maintain formation.

2. From the data the targets moved in various directions but remained in the NE quadrant of the radar field.

a. The range of the targets varied from 16 miles to 1/2 mile from the field.
b. There was no aircraft traffic reported in the local area at the time.
c. Cause was unable to locate the targets by visual means.
d. The targets produced a clearly visible echo on the PPI scope about 3 inches in diameter.
e. The weather at the time of the sighting was: Estimated 10,000 broken clouds, visibility was 1/4 miles due to haze and heavy rain.

3. This report was not forwarded by priority means due to the low evaluation of the sightings and the delay in receipt of the report.

JOHN E. RHODES
Major, USAF
Intelligence Officer

- page 6 -

