The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a Project Blue Book record card from 1952 in Mainz, Germany. The card provides details about an observation made by a French naval officer, including information about the object's appearance and movement.

MAINZ, GERMANY
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Airplane, Ground-Radar
DATE/TIME: 27/7/52
OBSERVER: French Naval Officer
SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Described as a bright, luminescent in color, object, except for a blue spot in the center of the size of a car. The object was seen by a French Naval Officer on duty in Germany, moving in a straight line at 600 Km per hour.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report, specifically a report regarding an unidentified flying object sighting in Mainz, Germany on September 27, 1952.

Air Intelligence Information Report
(Page 1 of 2 pages) 
Place: Mainz, Germany  
Date of Information: 27 September 1952  
Capt. Durusseau of the French Navy

1. On 27 September 1952 at 1730 hours, Capt. Durusseau of the French Navy observed an unidentified flying object for a black spot in the center of a luminous object. The object was estimated to be approximately 10 km. in diameter. The object appeared to be stationary and then accelerated away at a speed estimated to be 500 km per hour. Flight path observed was a zig-zag pattern. Capt. Durusseau said that before and after sighting the object, a normal inspection of the area was made and no other unusual phenomena were observed.

2. Time of sighting was 1730 hours to 1800 hours, 27 September 1952. Length of time was 30 minutes.

3. Capt. Durusseau observed the object from his home which is approximately 2 km. from the Rhine River. The object was heading in the direction of the river at an altitude of about 31/2 km. Capt. Durusseau estimated the size of the object to be between 200-500 meters in diameter.

4. Capt. Durusseau is the Commanding Officer of the Gendarmerie Maritime on the French Navy for 19 years, which has made him very familiar with all types of aircraft. He states that the object he observed was very intelligent and very maneuverable and it is believed that this was a very valid report.

5. Weather at time of sighting: 2000 feet scattered and 9000 feet scattered. Visibility 10 miles.

6. Land and 7-1/2 type aircraft operating very active in the area at the time of sighting, according to information received from Frankfurt Flight Service.

- page 2 -

The image contains a sketch of an object as described by Capt. Dirssemlein. The sketch appears to show a disk-shaped object with some markings or patterns on it.

The text in the document states:

This information will be of interest to the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

Sketch of object as described by Capt. Dirssemlein:

[A sketch of a disk-shaped object with some markings or patterns is shown.]

APPROVED:
Harold T. Smith  
Colonel, USAF
Chief, ATI Branch

- page 3 -

