The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically Project 10073 Record Card. There is no photograph present in this image.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD 
1. DATE: 6 October 1952
2. LOCATION: Toledo, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2230 EDT
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual 
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes 
6. DURATION: 15 minutes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 6 objects were observed flying due south. No sound. Objects seemed to be traveling fire and flow from horizon to horizon when first observed and then stopped moving. Observing all this, occasional motions were observed.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 6
9. COURSE: S
10. CONCLUSIONS: DB Was Balloon; PD Probably Balloon; DD Was Aircraft; OD Insufficient Data for Evaluation.
11. COMMENTS: 2 civilians, 1 military. All of whom were riding in a car. When they observed the objects, they stopped the car to get a better view. They took a series of five color slides.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a form with various questions about a UFO sighting.

Project Blue Book was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports between 1947 and 1969.

9. WVLRRRR THE OBJECT BIUGHTF.R THAN THE BAQKEROUND 01' THE flRY?
a. Yes b. No C. Don 't remember

10. IF IT WAS BRIGHTER THAN THE SKY BACKGROUND, WAS THE BRIGHTNESS LIKE THAT OF AN AUTOMOBILE'S HEADLIGHT?:
a. Several blocks away? b. A block away? c. Several yards away? d. Other

11. DID THE OBJECT:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and slacken speed? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know 
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circles One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: (Circle One) a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCRAD OUTPUT:
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Speed - Moderate
b. Color - Brilliant orange 

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the direction the object was moving.

Elongated object with no distinctive features
Seemed to be trailing fire

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? - 2
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Second object moving south

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a series of instructions and questions related to describing the motion and appearance of an observed object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length? (Circle One): a. Pea, b. Head of a pin, c. Silver dollar, d. Baseball, e. Dime, f. Grapefruit, g. Nickel, h. Basketball, i. Quarter, j. Half dollar, k. Other.
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22): a. Certain, b. Not very sure, c. Fairly certain, d. Uncertain.
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Trailed off toward horizon.
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a human object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

OCR Output:
20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length? (Circle One): a. Pea, b. Head of a pin, c. Silver dollar, d. Baseball, e. Dime, f. Grapefruit, g. Nickel, h. Basketball, i. Quarter, j. Half dollar, k. Other.
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22): a. Certain, b. Not very sure, c. Fairly certain, d. Uncertain. 
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Trailed off toward horizon.
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a human object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that includes a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. At an airfield?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other 

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Driving with car on U.S. 20

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you traveling? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? about 75 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast 
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true shore and also the number of degrees it was above the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____ degrees.
b. From horizon ____ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared: 
a. From true North ____ degrees.
b. From horizon ____ degrees.

- page 5 -

The image contains two sketches. The larger sketch on the left shows an object in the sky above the horizon, with instructions to place an "A" on the curved line to indicate how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it, and a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.

The smaller sketch on the right shows two additional perspectives of the object, with instructions to place an "A" at the position where the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.

There is also a handwritten note at the bottom of the image that reads "Object passed directly over head from."

As requested, I have not identified or named any humans that may be present in the image.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Object passed directly over head from.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form with text.

34. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear sky, Hazy, Scattered clouds, Thick or heavy clouds, Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): No wind, Slight breeze, Strong wind, Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): Dry, Fog, mist, or light rain, Moderate or heavy rain, Snow, Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): Cold, Cool, Warm, Hot, Don't remember

35. WHERE DID YOU REPORT TO SOME OFFICIAL THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT?

36. WAS ANYONE ELSE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
36.1 IF YOU ANSWERED YES, DID THEY SEE THE OBJECT TOO?
36.2 PLEASE GIVE THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES:

37. WAS THIS THE FIRST TIME THAT YOU HAD SEEN AN OBJECT OR OBJECTS LIKE THIS?
37.1 IF YOU ANSWERED NO, THEN WHEN, WHERE, AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES DID YOU SEE OTHER ONES?

38. IN YOUR OPINION, WHAT DO YOU THINK THE OBJECT WAS AND WHAT MIGHT HAVE CAUSED IT?

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely a questionnaire or interview form filled out by a witness.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the 'object'?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS Sandusky, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
What is your present job? [REDACTED]
Age 28 Sex M
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate Other special training Practical Nurse, Registered Nurse

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9-19-52 Day 9 Month 1952 Year

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet for a reported sighting that occurred on 13 October 1952 in Toledo, Ohio.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a brief description of the event that you observed. You may be asked to furnish additional information later for some of your statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED]
DATE: 13 October 1952

The written text describes the witness's observation of several unidentified objects in the sky. The objects were first sighted while the witness was driving and were described as moving rapidly and periodically disappearing. The witness continued to observe the objects for approximately 15 minutes before they disappeared completely.

- page 9 -

The image provided contains a map of the Toledo, Ohio area. It shows the major roads, cities, and geographic features in the region. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this particular document page.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

TOLEDO
NORTH BASS
MIDDLE BASS
SOUTH BASS
SANDUSKY BAY
FINDLAY
OTTAWA
VAN BUREN
ARLINGTON
ARCADIA
PORTAGE
BOWLING GREEN
WESTON
PERRYSBURG
ROSSFORD
MAUMEE
TOLEDO

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report titled "Glass slide of UFO sighting at Toledo, Ohio" and labeled as "UNCLASSIFIED".

Glass slide of UFO sighting at Toledo, Ohio
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

ATIC 
ATI
ATG 
ATIM 
ATII
ATIR
ATIX 
ATIS
ATIA

The Air Technical Intelligence Center would like to extend its appreciation for the cooperation and assistance you have given us.

On 19 July 1955, an evaluation of your case's sighting was completed. From the reports, flight data, formations and maneuvers, it is believed that the case may be explained as reflecting the apparent circular motion and rapid accelerations indications inside the normal pattern of conventional aircraft. However, the report on the occurrence can be classified information in a relatively short manner. The length of this type of report is normally reduced, as it depends upon the volume of the incident.

The saucer-shaped objects can be attributed to refraction, or the bending of the sun's rays through the trails. 

We are returning your case's color slides as an enclosure to this letter. The slides do not reveal anything conclusive and it is our considered opinion they resemble natural phenomena (probably the one in the metal containers) of a similar nature.

We again thank you for your fine cooperation and interest.
Sincerely,
MARY L. STONE
1st Lt USAF
Assistant Adjutant

- page 12 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph or image contained within this page. The text in the document is as follows:

Mary L. Storm
1st Lt. USAF
Air Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base

Dear Lieutenant Storm,

In reply to your letter of July 29th 1955 wherein you gave us a brief outline of the sighting of the objects that we had seen you.

My son was just home recently and he is again discussing this matter and he insists that the objects appeared to stand still at times, which still leaves some doubt in my mind as to whether the objects were the conventional type air craft.

Enclosed you will find the one slide that you requested for your files.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature redacted]

BKP/m

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a case summary and text describing an observation of six yellow-orange objects flying over Toledo, Ohio on October 23, 1952. The text describes the observers, their location, the movement and appearance of the objects, and the preliminary evaluation by ATIC-5.

CASE SUMMARY
July 1953

On 23 October 52, six yellow-orange objects were observed flying due South by 3 observers (two civilians and one airman). The observers were riding in an automobile, heading West on US Route #20, and were approximately 10 miles West of Toledo, Ohio when they sighted the objects. They stopped the car, got out and looked more closely at the objects, which appeared to be standing still. The objects then started to move, flying due South (directly over the heads of the observers) from horizon to horizon. Time of observation was 1830 hours EST or 2330 Zebra time. According to the reporting observer, who took a series of five color slides of the objects, there was no sound, the edges of the objects appeared "fuzzy" and when moving they seemed to be trailing fire. When first observed and after they appeared to be moving, the objects were in one large "V" formation, but later changed into two "V" formations of three objects each. TOTAL TIME OF THE OBSERVATION WAS ESTIMATED AT 15 MINUTES. (Note: The observer who took the pictures was departing on his honeymoon with his bride and a service buddy. The service man, an airman, was returning to his base after a leave. In lieu of his honeymoon trip, the observer had taken a camera with him which was loaded with a roll of 35mm Ansco color film.)

PRELIMINARY EVALUATION BY ATIC-5
On 19 July 1955, all 5 slides were reviewed by Col Johnston, Capt Hardin, Maj Andrews, W/O West, Capt Gilroy and Sgt Drepperd. It was agreed that the objects in question closely resembled condensed or short vapor trails from high flying jet aircraft which occurs infrequently under certain atmospheric conditions.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book case history document dated October 23, 1952, describing an incident that occurred in Toledo, Ohio in July 1955.

CASE HISTORY
23 October 1952 - Toledo, Ohio - July 1955

I. PERTINENT BACKGROUND INFORMATION
A. Delay in receipt of report - On 8 July 1955, Capt Jen T. Matsuo, OIC 5-12, OECU AISS, visited ATAS-2 and presented the undersigned airman with a letter and one 35 mm color slide. The letter, dated 2 December 1954, was from Mr. _____ in Gradeuhulton, Ohio and addressed to T/Sgt Harold Jenkins, Flt 3-B, 46204 AISS. Sgt Jenkins had been introduced to Mr. _____ in Columbus, Ohio and Mr. _____ had informed the Sgt that his son had taken some pictures of UFO's while on his honeymoon in October 1952. An agreement was reached whereby Mr. _____ would forward one of his son's slides to Sgt Jenkins for official examination. This was accomplished by the above mentioned letter.

Sgt. Jenkins, after receiving the letter, failed to act upon it. A few months later, Sgt Jenkins was assigned o/s and his files were turned over to his replacement who gave the letter to Capt. Matsuo.

B. Follow-up Action Initiated by ATAS-5
Upon receipt of the letter and the slide, the undersigned airman called Mr. _____ on 11 July 55 and requested him to forward the additional slides mentioned in his letter of 2 December 1954. He informed the reporting airman that his son, who had since enlisted in the Air, was presently home on leave until 1 July 55, and that we could obtain any additional details of the incident from him.

On 11 July 1955, the reporting airman sent, via Special Delivery, a USAF Technical Information Sheet (for completion by source), along with a request to forward any additional slides or information regarding the incident.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with a handwritten signature at the bottom.

request for the additional color slides. The questionnaire and four color slides were received by ATIC-5 on 18 July 1952.

A/Capt. USAF

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter from the Director of Civil Defense of Tuscarawas County to Sgt. Drappery.

The text in the document says:

Dear Sgt. Drappery,

Enclosed you will find questionnaire and four pictures requested in your letter of July 11th. Also a section of UFO showing location.

If my son can be of further help to you in this matter please contact him at Sampson AFB where he will be stationed after today.

Sincerely yours,
Director of Civil Defense
Tuscarawas County

BKP m

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned document or letter.

Text from the document:

Dear Harold Jenkins:
Enclosed you will find one of the projection slides, which we talked about in Columbus, or objects my son saw in the sky on a trip he made to Grenada, Ohio.
This is one of a series that he took. The next part of October, 1952 about the middle part, he started taking more pictures of objects he continued seeing over Toledo, Ohio.
If you would say for more information contact that 51 years a night in flight he witnessed to my son who is stationed at Bolling, in Landry, his address is
Seattle, Washington
It is appreciated greatly, when you are finished with it and will be glad to have duplicates made of the others and send to you if you care for them.
Also over he took a series of night pictures beginning at the time he first sighted the objects until he had used up all his film.
Sincerely,

BIG CAR QUALITY AT LOWEST COST

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that witnesses have observed.

Textual output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all money questions as you possibly can. This information that you provide will be treated as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 4 May 1952

2. Time of day: 6 Hours 45 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 18 miles N.W. of Toledo, Ohio

Additional remarks: 

5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 5 Minutes 

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To the right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 19 -

