The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

LAVALLETTE, N.J.
Civilian plan
2 Dec. 52

On 30 July 1952, several parties observed the object at this time hovering over their houses. It would come down at times, then go back up. One party stated that it appeared to land in a field near their home, but did not go any further.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

Air Intelligence Information Report
13 July 1952
PAGE 5 OF 5
UNCLASSIFIED

The text in the document states:

"Slightly larger than the ordinary star and possibly a little brighter than average, the object was observed on clear, moonless night for two or three minutes. I looked at it steadily for some time as it seemed to remain stationary, occasionally making small up and down movements. I could see no distinctive marks or features which might identify it. To me it appeared to be simply an unusual star or celestial body."

In conclusion, the report makes a brief summary of all the data reported during the investigation.

The report is signed at the bottom by the investigator and is marked as UNCLASSIFIED.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
PLACE OF SIGHTING: LAVALLETTE, N.J.
DATE OF SIGHTING: 30 AUGUST 1952
NATURE OF SIGHTING: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
INVESTIGATING OFFICER: CAPT. PETERSON
EVALUATION:  
SUMMARY: (Sower scene or summary of report. Give significance in final evaluation paragraph. End information in lower half, Begins last of report at AF Form 112—Part ll.)

The report indicates that an unidentified flying object was sighted in Lavallette, New Jersey on August 30, 1952. The investigating officer was Captain Peterson. The report is marked as UNCLASSIFIED.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR text:

July 29, 1952

City Desk
Newark Evening News
Newark, N. J.

Dear Sir:

Enclosed is a report of an observation of two objects ("lights") seen in the sky on the night of July 19-20 over Lavalete, N. J. Since these lights were very similar to those reported over Washington, D.C., the same night, and since they did not resemble any aircraft known to the observers, either in appearance or in manner of motion and disappearance, I am submitting a complete description for possible correlation with other similar reports. I have purposely delayed this report since I have no intention of allowing my name to be associated in "newsprint" with the so-called "flying saucer scare". Therefore, while I am giving my name and position below, I request that they be used only for your files, or be given only to the Air Force should you judge this report worth passing on to them.

The objects described were witnessed by myself and a companion. We have carefully compared our impressions, and the description given consists of those impressions agreed upon by both.

A TRUE COPY:

Sincerely,

PETER D. VENABIE
Major, USAF
Chief, Counter Intelligence

Professor of Chemistry
University

- page 4 -

The image provided contains no photograph. It appears to be a scanned document describing an observation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) over Lavalette, New Jersey on July 20, 1952.

The text from the document is as follows:

Description of Objects Seen in Sky on July 20, 1952, over Lavalette, N.J. 

Time: Approx. 12:20 to 12:25 a.m., Sunday, July 20.
Place: Seen from boardwalk, just east of center of Lavalette, N.J.

Description of Objects:
a. Two moving lights were seen, each having the same appearance: approximately round and orange-yellow in color with dull red alternately diffusing over much of the surface. They seemed about the same size as the appearance of Venus or Jupiter, but only two or three times as bright.
b. The lights were first seen toward the south, just off-shore, about 10 to 15 degrees above the horizon. They moved horizontally, one behind the other, and following nearly the same path. They appeared to be at least 10 to 15 miles away. At the point where they passed almost due east of the observers, they appeared to be at least 6000-8000 feet, the maximum elevation being obtained. They second, or trailing, light did not keep constant-distance or course with the leading object.
c. Shortly after passing to the east of the observers, both lights gradually began to turn westward, gaining elevation north of the observers' line of sight. Continuing to recede, the lights appeared to the west 50-60 degrees elevation, then began to lower and gradually disappear. During this first circling, both lights grew smaller and fainter, but more yellow in color. The trailing light gained on the leading one and they appeared to drop further behind and to shift courses slightly to south or southwest as they turned.
d. Out at sea, they continued circling, the radius of turn being much smaller than the brightness leading object crossed the shore-line again just south of the observers, at about an 80° elevation. Both continued to turn much farther, smaller and more silvery in color, occasionally disappearing and reappearing, as though passing behind thin clouds. The second light completely disappeared just after about a 50° elevation. The total elapsed time from first sighting to final disappearance was very faint, like a small star; it seemed many miles high, and moving more rapidly. It finally disappeared in the WEST at about a 50° elevation. The total elapsed time from first sighting to final disappearance was about five or six minutes.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the image is as follows:

NOTE: When the objects were first seen, they resembled night-time weather-balloons (or spherical-like carrier balloons). However, their reddish color and circular course were not at all like such a balloon. Their motion gave the definite impression of directed control, but the complete silence of the objects and their apparent rapid climbing to very high altitudes did not resemble (to the observers) any known plane or dirigibles.

A TRUE COPY:

PETER B. VENABIE
MAJOR, USAF
Asst Chief Combat Intelligence

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

AF FORM 112 - PART I
COUNTRY: U.S.A.
FLIGHT:
AREA REPORTED
DATE OF OBSERVATION: 12 May 1952
TIME OF OBSERVATION: 4:25 PM, 12 May 1952
AIRCRAFT OR CELESTIAL PHENOMENA OBSERVED: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
AREA REPORTED: LaVallette, New Jersey
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
DATE OF OBSERVATION: 12 May 1952
TIME OF OBSERVATION: 4:25 PM 
LOCATION OF OBSERVATION: LaVallette, New Jersey
DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 10-15 minutes
SOURCE: USAF INTELLIGENCE
A. On 12 May 1952, at approximately 4:25 PM, a saucer-shaped object was observed by several persons at LaVallette, New Jersey. The object was observed for a period of 10-15 minutes and was described as being saucer-shaped, silvery in color, and approximately 50 feet in diameter. The object was observed to move slowly in a northeasterly direction, then stop, hover, and descend rapidly in a vertical dive at high speed. The object then disappeared from view. 
B. No photographs were obtained of the object. The case is unidentified.
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIED
William D. Hann
Capt., USAF
Chief, Intelligence Br.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report.

The text of the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION OF UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT SIGHED IN THE AIR IN VICINITY OF LAKE LA VALLET, N.J. 
IR-49-52
PAGE 2 OF 5 PAGES

The report describes the investigation of an unidentified object sighted in the air near Lake LaVallet, New Jersey. The document provides details about the sighting, including the date, time, location, description of the object, and witness accounts. There are no references to any photographs or images within the text.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report document from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO.  
DATE 8 SEPT 1952
PAGE 1 OF 3 PAGES

Location of 10 minutes north, 74 degrees west: The local civilian observer ... notified the State Police that he had sighted an object at this location. He stated that this object was stationary at a high altitude for a few minutes and then "vanished" while in view. No further details were available. 
1. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT:
a/our Washburns: If. what made you first notice the object?
b/our Washburns: We saw it from our farm at about 8:25 p.m., August 21, 1952. It was traveling in a northerly direction at a high rate of speed and then came to a complete stop about 25-30 degrees above the horizon. 
c/our Washburns: Do you believe they were searching for a star?
d/our Washburns: No, I don't. We can tell the difference between airplanes and stars. This object was much larger and brighter than any star.
e/our Washburns: How long did you sight the object?
f/our Washburns: We saw it for about 15 minutes.

2. BEHAVIOR OF THE OBJECT:
a/our Washburns: When we first saw it, it was traveling very rapidly from south to north. Then it came to a complete stop and hovered in one spot for several minutes.
b/our Washburns: As it hovered, we noticed a reddish-orange glow around the object. At times it seemed to pulsate or change intensity.
c/our Washburns: Did the object do anything unusual or erratic during the sighting?
d/our Washburns: No, after it came to a stop it just hovered in one spot, occasionally changing intensity, until it suddenly disappeared.
e/our Washburns: How was the weather at the time of the sighting, Mr. ______?
f/our Washburns: The weather was very clear with a very slight breeze and no moon.

3. OPINIONS: 
a/our Washburns: They appeared to be about the same distance from each other as the object itself. 

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

OCR text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
SUBJECT: AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT 
FROM: AF Form 112 - PART II - APPROVED T AUGUST 1949 
TO: Director of Intelligence, Headquarters U.S. Air Force, Washington 25, D.C.
DATE: 15-49-525
PAGE: 4 OF 5 PAGES

The objects observed appeared at the same distance apart all during the observation. 

The objects traveled in a straight line throughout the observation.

The weather was very clear on the night of the sighting with a very slight breeze.

I was probably the second or third person to sight the object and continued to observe it beside me.

I can add nothing else to this statement.

STATEMENT OF MRS. - - - -:

On the night of July 22, 1952, my husband, - - - - and I observed a strange luminous object in the sky over Lavallette, N.J. The object appeared to be at high altitude and traveling at a terrific rate of speed. We observed it for several minutes as it crossed the sky in a northeasterly direction. When we first sighted the object it appeared to be traveling in a straight line. However, after passing the zenith it suddenly changed direction, traveling in a westerly direction for a brief period before disappearing from sight. During the course of the observation, the object changed color from a bright white to a reddish orange glow. We were greatly disturbed and concerned by this incident and could not understand the nature and origin of the observed object.

- page 10 -

