The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a Project Blue Book record card that describes an observation made on 1952-09-09 in White Lake, South Dakota. The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
DATE: 9/9/52
1. LOCATION: White Lake, S. DAK.
2. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 20:30 
4. DURATION: 30 Minutes
5. WITNESS: Civilian Observer
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20-30 Minutes
Reddish "yellow" with three or "cigar" with spray 
puff of smoke or vapor behind it sighted. Object was very highly - very bright. Observed through binoculars for over 30 min.

- page 1 -

The image contains a scanned document from Project Blue Book, dated 1 OCT 1952. It appears to be a document related to a "FLYOBJCT" (flying object) report. The document is signed by "HALBERT H. LEMIT, MAJOR, USAF, ADJUTANT" at the bottom.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
1ST INSPECTION DIVISION 
FORT SNELLING 9, MINNESOTA

SUBJECT: FLYOBJCT

TO: Chief, Air Technical Intelligence Center
Mr. Unger, Air Force Base 
Dayton, Ohio

Referred herewith in accordance with AR 200-2, 30 April 
FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:

HALBERT H. LEMIT 
MAJOR, USAF
ADJUTANT

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

AF FORM 112 - PART II
CLASSIFICATION
AIRS ECNRITY INFORMATION REPORT
From (Agency) : G-2, 21st Air Division 
Report No. : Page 1 of 3 Pages

1. The object was "white or ledge shaped with longitudinal axis parallel" the object was about 30-45 feet in diameter, it made no noise and was very clear. The object moved at about 100 mph at an altitude of 5,000-7,000 feet and hovered at times, "becoming more distinct".

2. Object was sighted between 1950 and 1930 hours, central daylight savings time. The object appeared "identical to the others, but was larger - approximately 30 to 40 minutes in duration." A similar object was sighted in about the same place for about the same length of time.

3. Object was sighted through "high power" binoculars.

4. Observation was made from Lake, South Dakota (43 degrees, 44 minutes North), observer could not estimate distance, but object appeared at a estimated distance of 10 to 15 miles, slightly northeast of observer. Observer could make no estimate of distance involved.

5. Civilian nature of observer, who had been in the town of White for 5 days, making what appeared to be a personal investigation of the incident, is the only additional information reported to this headquarters. The observer specifically requested no publicity be given to his name.

6. No additional information was reported.

7. It appears to be of a nature similar to the others in that it has the same general description - with the exception of the apparently larger size.

8. No physical evidence of the object available.

9. No interception or identification action was taken.  

10. Location of air traffic in the area at the time is unknown.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a text document with a classification header at the top.

(Classification)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document that describes a UFO sighting in White Lake, South Dakota.

Text output from the document:

AF FORM 112 - PART I
APPROVED 1 JUNE 1948 (Classification)

Country     Report No.
United States

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

Subject FLYPRCFT

Area Reported On  White Lake, South Dakota
Date of Report    30 September 52
Date of Information 14 September 52

Prepared By (Officer) 1st Lt. USAF
Source

References (Control number, directive, previous report, etc., as applicable)

Summary: (Data consists summary of report. Give significance in final one-sentence summary. List enclosures. and text of report on AF Form 112 - - Part II.)

A Ground Observer Corps post supervisor sighted a brightly burning "stick" or "ball" over White Lake, South Dakota on 14 September 52. The object was observed for 30 to 40 minutes. Several persons in the area also observed the object. The object appeared to be maneuvering and hovering, and at times seemed to get brighter and dimmer. On one occasion it appeared to split into two parts that came back together. No sound was heard, and no smoke or vapor trail was apparent. The object appeared to be at an estimated altitude of approximately 10,000 feet. It moved in an erratic manner and at a rapid rate of speed, and at times hovered in one position. It finally disappeared from sight.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Distribution by Originator (A) 9/1 Eg. USAF CG, ADC CG, CAAD CG, 21st ARMY

NOTE: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Act, 50 U.S.C. - 31 and 32 as amended. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law. It may not be reproduced in whole or in part, by other than United States Air Force agencies, except by permission of the Director of Intelligence, USAF.

(Classification)

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten or typed document with various markings and annotations.

WHAT LINE
Destem nar'bst 
Coast 27
a Lt. Aft. 3 

- page 7 -

