The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and observations.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 13 AUG 52
2. LOCATION: MacDILL A.F.B., FLORIDA
3. IDENTITY - OSUS: Local 
4. PHOTOS: 1 Yes
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: DO MINUTES
6. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Oval-shaped - Shiny
7. CONCLUSION: A) Was Aircraft 
B) Probably Space Vehicle
C) Probably Balloon
D) Insufficient Data
E) Other

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND
DEPUTY AIR FORCE BASE
OMAHA, NEBRASKA

SUBJECT: (Unclassified) REPORT

TO: Chief
The Commanding Intellignce Center
Directorate of Intelligence, USAF
OHIO

The attached AF Form 112, Air Intelligence Information Report are forwarded herewith. Dated 29 April 1952, subject: UNKNOWN.

FOR THE COMMANDING GENERAL:

HAL E. BILLLER
MAJOR, USAF
Asst Adj Gen

2 Incls:
1. 1-16-52
2. 11-10-52

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" from the United States Air Force related to an incident that occurred on 23 August 1952 at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida.

The text in the document is as follows:

AF FORM 112 - PART 1
United States
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT  
Unusual Aerial Situation
23 August 1952
MacDill Air Force Base, Florida 
30 August 1952 - 13 August 1952
A.C. & W. CAPTAIN, DUTY
Personal Interrogation

On 23 August 1952, MacDill Air Force Base, Florida, at that hour, about 10 airmen and a civilian observed Unusual aerial objects in the sky.

The objects, described as to their flying objects, were observed heading approximately 260 degrees. The objects appeared to be about 10 to 15 in number and 1 to 1-1/2 feet in diameter. The objects appeared to be going at a very high rate of speed and when observed, were at an altitud e of approximately 20,000 to 25,000 feet. The objects were observed for approximately 15 to 20 minutes. The objects appeared to be a dull silver color. They were traveling in a straight line and made no deviation in their course, but disappeared in the distance.

APPROVED:
Carl J. Arnold
Intelligence Officer

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this document. This appears to be a scanned image of a Project Blue Book Air Intelligence Information Report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
HQ 6th Air Div, Int Office ZP-108-53
1. "About 1900 hrs, 4 August 1952, radar operators at Macdill AFB, Florida, reported 4 unidentified targets were detected on radar for approximately 45 minutes. The targets were flying at an altitude of 10,000 to 15,000 feet, in a westerly direction at approximately 700 mph. The targets were detected 25 miles southwest of Macdill AFB and disappeared from the radar screen 30 miles west of Macdill AFB. No aircraft were scrambled to investigate the targets, and no visual observations were reported."
2. "1319 hrs was time of sighting; duration was about fifteen (15) minutes."
3. "Observation was from the ground, visual."
4. "Observers were located on the east side of the Macdill AFB Headquarters Building, and at hill latitude approximately 1000 feet south west of the Headquarters Building. The observers reported the objects were oval-shaped, moving in a straight line at a very high rate of speed, and at a uniform altitude away from the observers."
5. "The observers were mostly young Unexperienced airmen; however three non-commissioned officers and two civilians appeared to be involved."
6. "Weather was hot, humid, clear, and surface winds 5-10 mph."
7. "No meteorological phenomena known of to cause this."
8. "No photographs or comments were obtained as the radar set was inoperative."
9. "Narrative - A total of about twenty airmen and civilians saw the objects, which were observed and tracked on radar. The object was elongated and apparently triangular in shape. Additional details provided are as follows: The objects were traveling in a straight line in a westerly direction at a tremendous rate of speed. The objects were reported to be much larger than any known aircraft. The objects were tracked by radar for approximately 45 minutes, and two felt that they saw three to four objects as the objects first came into view. The entrance as well as the exit of the objects were not observed."
10. "One Airman claimed the object was egg-shaped, all others reported the objects to be oval-shaped. It is believed that the egg-shape reported was due to the high speed of the objects, and the inability to obtain a clear visual sighting."
11. "Since the motion of the observers and the balance could not be ascertained, it is believed that a lateral displacement or movement by the observers may have taken place."

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
a. The object was reported to have been venicall and to the North for some time, while the object was observed. It was reported to have been extremely bright, about the size of a 5 cent piece held at arm's length, while hovering, it would change color from white to green to red, then back to white again. After remaining stationary for some time, it then seemed to go out of sight climbing and coming back down, this action being repeated several times.

b. The object was reported to the Air Division Control from the radar OBSERVATION of MacDill AFB on 6 Aug 52.

c. The object appeared to be when visually and to the North for observation. No other aircraft was observed in the vicinity.

d. It is my considered opinion that this report is reliable and accurate.

APPROVED: 
Chas. D. Hutto
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Air Intelligence Officer

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

United States
Unusual Aerial Sightings
MacDill Air Force Base, Florida
13 August 1952
A. W. J. GRANT, CAPTAIN, USAF
Personal Interrogation

On 13 August 1952, MacDill Air Force Base, Florida, at 11:11 hours local time (19:11), approximately 20 airmen and two civilians made the following sightings:

From one to three flying objects were observed heading approximately 360 degrees and gaining altitude. One object changed course abruptly to the west moving in excess of 600 m.p.h. This was object then appeared to hover for about five minutes then resumed its original course. The other two objects did not alter course but disappeared in a northerly direction. The period of surveillance was about twenty minutes.

APPROVED:
A. W. J. GRANT
CAPTAIN, USAF
Intelligence Officer

- page 6 -

