There is no photograph present on this page. Below is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
1. DATE - TIME GROUP              
5 August 53 0330-0415Z           

3. SOURCE                        
Civilian & Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS             
Multiple

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION         
Multiple timings

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION           
Air visual, Ground visual, Electronics

7. COURSE                        

8. PHOTOS                        
■ Yes   
□ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE             
□ Yes
■ No

2. LOCATION                     
Rapid City, Blackhawk, South Dakota Area

10. CONCLUSION
 (Illegible) (Illegible) Visual: (Illegible) Radar: Groundless Prep.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Numerous civilian & military observed an unusual red object which move in various directions at low level vicinity of Rapidad City, S. D. Objects observed in various azimuths & angular elevations by all observers from ground leve, Airborne B-29 tactron;also tracked on Gnd. radar synchoronous with airborne radar contact. Airborne radar also seen on passive radar sets.

(200) Ft. BAFS gnd radar tracking to Investigation was instituted & the party objects. Photos do not show anything conclusive, but are good because of misinterpretation of outsite airborne objects.

Rapid City, South Dakota

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous edition of this form may be used.
```


- page 1 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

Here is the OCR-generated text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

the tower as from the Filter Center. The angles must be regarded as in determinate, and as far as altitude is considered it appeared higher from 
the tower than from the Filter Center. The altitude is indeterminate since 
we do not know the distance. All observer said the objects could not truly 
be distinguished one from the other. One or more objects, then, were visible 
from 05122 until 08302, that is, for approximately three hours.
We interrogated not only Sgt. Harry but Mr. , Mr. 
Lt. , and Mrs. . While their stories did not agree exactly (and 
this would have been suspicious if they had) there was general agreement as 
to color change, motions, and the fact that the objects actually had been there

One other behavior of the objects is worthy of mention, and it was 
pointed out repeatedly. At the time of the passing of the C-12h, the object closest to it - object #1 - appeared to blink in a sort of a signalling way. 
It was likened to the signaling of a ship's signal blinker but not as fast. 
It was most pronounced int h, but they said it was taken up by # 3 and then 
#2, as though a wave had passed from #4 to #2.

ANALYSIS 

Origin: 

Stars:

1.

There is

the possibility that object #2 might have been Capella, although if the motion drawn by is to be trusted, this is ruled out.
Likewise, in the triangulation
the airport and the Filter Center. Object # 2 appeared to the Northeast of the Filter Center and due North of the tower, 
The tower directions are to be trusted since the window faces directly north and object # 2 was seen square out of the window. It is the opinion of this 

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 12 YEAR INTERVALS; 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS 
DOD DIR 5200 10
```

- page 2 -

The document contains one photograph.

OCR Output:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

The local nature of this phenomenon should be stressed. The appearance of the first object in the direction to be expected from the alert from Roller Skate may be regarded as coincidental. It seems improbable though certainly not impossible that these were the same objects observed near Rapid City.

We can conclude that there is no ready explanation for these objects. To call them aircraft, balloons, or stars becomes somewhat of a desperation move, though the balloon hypothesis would be the least objectionable. The objects were star-like, changed a great deal in color, and were probably fairly local. With reference to the last point, if they were local they were not large, or at least the lights were not very bright because the lights apparently were not much brighter than a first magnitude star, and some observers stated that often they were considerably fainter.

Until further explanation is forthcoming, this incident must be put down as one of the best examples of the nocturnal meandering lights which have been reported elsewhere in the literature. To do otherwise would be to doubt the first order objectivity of the observers who stood up very well under considerable questioning. The triangulations also bear out Sgt. Harry's visual estimates of the distances, even though such estimates must be subjective. He stated the first object was 2 to 3 miles west of the Filter Center and calculations show 2 miles. Object #2, he felt was 6 to 8 miles away and calculations show approximately 3 miles.

Despite the fact that the incident started in Rapid City and Black Hawk, the evidence there does not hold together in the manner of the Bismarck evidence. The observers are more excitable and less matter of fact and certainly have less scientific background than the Bismarck observers, with one or two exceptions.

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL, DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 3 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR Output of the Text:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

All that can be said is that if the angles are correct, or even approximately so,gince after all, one person saw the object to the north and another observer saw it to the east, the phenomenon was a local one. The objects were not observed from the O.P.s around Bismarck though these had been alerted, and it was not reported in Uandan, which is just 5 miles west of Bismarck. They are reported to have a very active Observation Post. In Capt. Ruppalt's original report, he stated that although he did not visit Bismarck, he felt that inasmuch as they had been alerted to watch out for something, they became excited and "saw lights." I cannot accept this interpretation in the least since the obserrers interpreted were in my opinion a definite cut above the average person. The operation of the Filter Center seemed to be very efficient in that they had recruited very good people for the work. ifaf9 in particular appears thoroughly reliable and accurate and is very much "on the ball." I would personally tend to discount the rapid up and down motion and the erratic motions because it is well known that a point of light watched consistantly will appear to do very strange things. But for the ehanges of position, especially since the objects were artulfor45§1&-hours, and the changes of color, appear to be substantiated. Hc+erer, even the color changes may be entirely subjective, that when penciled filters down the Bismark evidence, one comes to the conclusion that 3ie objects were observed there which were not stars or aircraft and if they were balloons they were extremely strange ones whose presence was totally unexplained. It is most unfortunate that pictures were not taken of these objects, and it is the recommendation of this reporter that future communications from ATIC should stress emphatically that pictures be taken and instructions included for taking star trails for practice.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAT
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 Y
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

Three kinds of evidence are present in the South Dakota sightings: visual from the ground, from GOC; radar evidence; and visual from the air. All visual sightings at Rapid City and Black Hawk were quite low on the horizon. This itself makes matters suspect. The initial incident which started the whole train of events was the sighting by Miss -------- in at about 0305Z, of an object which appeared in the south-east; moved rapidly to the SSE, changing color from red to green as it did so. It then hovered there for awhile, she said, and then went back quite quickly and disappeared back of the hills. When asked to estimate the time it would have taken to cross the fingers of her out-stretched hand, she estimated about 5 seconds. This is quite in contradiction to the original statements. She was observing it from the front steps of a neighbor's cottage, and accordingly, Fig. 9 and 10 are shots taken from the exact position of the observation. Mrs. ------- who saw the object simultaneously said at first "it's nothing but the red tower light." (There is an FM tower with a red obstruction light barely visible from their porch.) This establishes at any rate the redness of the color. The [changles to green may be subjective although both were emphatic that it did this. Both women were asked independently to draw the path of the object, and the paths more or less agree, as seen in Fig. 9 and 10. Since this was the initial incident, it is interesting to speculate whether this was an aircraft. Miss ----, although an excitable and rather cocky individual, and in some respects overbearing, [is nevertheless rated as one of the best observers connected with[ the Filter Center. She is reputed to know planes in detail and has on occasion identified the aircraft as to tyre and motor when it would only dimly be heard in the distance.] To the direct question as to whether this might have been an aircraft, she emph<atically stated that this was out of the question: that she knew aircraft, period.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

DOO DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present on the given page.

Text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSI ED

She alerted the Filter Center, and they immediately notified the 
ADG radar at Ellsworth AF3. The base is located about 10 
east of Black Hawk and Black Hawk is about 7 miles NW of Rapid City. Three 
posts therefore formed a triangle and it is most unfortunate that at any 
given time objective observers were not present to give directions. No such 
observations exist, and the distances of these objects, if present at all, 
are indeterminate.

Miss next states that she saw an objdirectly overhead 
which moved very rapidly to the north. She was the only one who saw this, 
however, and it is possible, in my opinion, that might have been a 
meteor. She of course, no; she meteor 
At about that time she got into her cand went over to the Aldren 
farm, about 3/h mils away. She went over after the object had disappeared 
to pay a neighbors call and tell them what she had seen. As she was talking 
to Mrs. Aldren it was the latter who sighted the second, or really the third 
object. It's position is indicated in Fig. 11. Note the closeness to the 
horizon. This obj not was starlike, and in my opinion could 
very well have been the star Capella. It remained in approximately the same 
position, they state, ov der two hours. The Aldren boys and the elder Aldren 
were inside, would pay no attention to the talk of the women outside who 
said they saw some strange object. told me that he felt the women 
were just seeing things. Finally, he came out and became convinced that some 
object was present. He is shown in Fig. 11 pointing to the approximate posi . on 
of the object. Certainly there are a lot of open spaces 0 
ocate objects.

In the meantime, the original sighting of the object shown in Fig. 9 
and ic had betas reported to the radar stensr, and showing unknown 
blips appeared on the scope, Lt. Stockham was up on CAP at the tils. having

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTEVA 
DECLASSIF EDMIL
70D IRB 1200_'_

15 h427

UNCLASSIFIED 
```

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR Text:

---
UNCLASSIFIED

He stated that [REDACTED] was excitable, and that the radar gunsight in his plane which had locked on was probably malfunctioning. He gave the appearance to me of one who is trying to back out of an unpleasant situation. He did not wish to commit himself on anything, and gave the impression that the less he heard of it in the future the better. This may be because he felt he had not himself adequately in pursuing the so-called object. At the time of the pursuit, however, it must be stated that he had had only 12 hours of night flying experience. He substantiated the point that on moonless nights, it is impossible to have a horizon cleft and that any light that is seen generally appears to be in motion. [REDACTED] had sent three radar men from the radar room to take a visual look. The general opinion as to the competency of these men varies. There seems to be enough evidence that they are not particularly reliable, and although they stated in signed statements that they had seen objects moving around, it is impossible to evaluate the correctness of these statements. All three men since have been honorably discharged from the service and could not be located for questioning.

As far as the Rapid City sightings are concerned, we have a train of circumstances which, if entirely coincidental, are remarkable indeed. Even if we grant that the original sighting was an aircraft, which is stoutly denied by the observer, and that the 2nd object was a star, which is equally denied by the observers, it appears odd that of all the nights for the radar to show strange blips it would be on that night. The testimony of the pilots had best be omitted, since it can be taken positively or negatively with equal ease. The alerting of the Bismarck Center at that critical time and their sighting the object(s) is also most coincident. It will go down in the annals of improbability if the entire incidents were unrelated and the product of mistaken identification.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.

DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
---

(Note: Redacted information is indicated as [REDACTED])

- page 7 -

The document page that you provided contains no photographs.

Here is the OCR text output from the document:

```
been up for some time, and Mr. . the radar operator, asked him to
have a look around. For quite a while did not see it was
not present at Rapid City, but arrangements were made to interview him by
phone from Great Falls, Montana.) He stated essentially what he had in his
original report: that he finally did notice the object which was bright and
star-like, that he observed it for only 20 to 30 seconds, and that it had
gone away from him extremely rapidly.

Fig. 13 is the radar scope diagram drawn by . Unfortunately
the radar camera did not work. , who was quizzed in hospital because
of a broken arm, stated emphatically that the blips had definitely been
"painted", and that each successive blip des the chart actually was
a successive one. That 1s, each swing o antenna produced the next blip.
He stated that he the F-8 and e scope at the same time.
Stockman had e down becaus fuel, and Needham had been sent 

ated he had and the n the scope until the object was
out beyond 35 heading north. The radar, it is generally conceded, was
not malfunctionin people e post indicated that reflections, or
"anomalous propaga ion own.

Ther is an interesting personality conflict in both t and 
Bennett is excitable, but pretty sure about what he sees. He stated,
when asked Need continued pursuing the object, that Needham had
become so excited that he was almost unintelligible on the radio and that
Bennett felt it would be best to bring him back to base before something drastic
happened.

Needham was interviewed for an hour and a half, and of all the people
interrogated he was the most difficult to pin down. On one hand he stated that
the object ad had been below us, ileed C30 and had rom ue
onsiderable speed, and in the next h breath he felt

t his ppened.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVA 
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 3200.10
T54-_.4.54

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 8 -

There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

OPERATIONS REPORT - 3 - 7 August 1953

Several reports on unidentified aerial objects were received this week including several calls from the Dayton area. Two interrogations were completed and both proved satisfactory toward solving the identity of the objects. One of the objects was explained as a weather balloon launched at Sulphur Cove and the other was determined to be astronomical.

The ATIC Duty Officer called A/1C Futch on the operation immediate secret message at approximately 1530 hrs EST 6 Aug 53. The message contained a detailed report on an unidentified aerial object observed by several personnel on duty at the Rapid City Filter Center a few miles northwest of Rapid City, S. D., at 2003 MST, 5 Aug 53. The message seemed important enough to take immediate action. Capt E. J. Ruppelt, advisor to Project Blue Book, was advised to come out to the Center to review the message. He called the 740th ACM Squadron at Ellsworth AFB, Rapid City, S. D., and talked to W/O Bennett who was the night controller. W/O Bennett stated that he was on duty the night of the incident and was very familiar with the sighting. Capt Ruppelt was sent out to interrogate the observers. This is one of the best reports ever received on this project.

A/lC Max G. Futch
ATIC-5

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 9 -

The document page does not contain any photograph.

Here is the OCR output of the text on the page:

```
FINAL CONCLUSICNS UNCLASSIFIED

In the absence of what might be called truly scientific data, and in
the absence of photographs or other tangible evidence, the facts as stated
by about a score of observers separated by 220 miles, are open to 2 widely
opposed interpretations.

One is, that an aircraft was originally sighted, second, that the
object observed at the zenith was a meteor, third, that the object in the
north-east was a star, fourth, that quite coincidentlly the radar showed re­
fleetion blips, fifth, that the pilots were chasing stars, sixth, that an
experiment of some sort was going on in Bismarck, evidence for which is entirely
unobtainable from local sources, and that the experiment was instigated at
precisely the time that the other set of strange coincidences 220 miles away
caused the Bismarck Center to be started.

This, if is am explanation, but one which appears to strain the
concept of coincidence to is ex x m™" Even were the Bismarck incident alone
it would be worthy of xmxteaaasix, but fitting as it does into the pattern of the
total happenings of that night, it is rather phenomenal.

The other nteimieta¥i o of course, that unknown aircraft, with the
term very broadly defined, were active in the area.

Thelack of cleaning data at a time like this is particularly deplorable.
If, for instance, a Cessna had been available at Bismack to make the trip of a
few miles to see what the lights were, it would have settled a lot. However, as
has been pointed out, perhaps the lights hovered in the Bismarck area because they
ware not ptu cxieed, whereas in the Rapid City area they showed extremely rapid
motion on the radar because of pursuit. Further, the ground observers stated with
utter conviction, that when the jets were up, the lights went out, and as soon as
the jets were out of the way the lights reappeared. The tire incident, in the
opinion of this observer, had too much of an twenty weetiexeal flever to eanfoct.

DOWNGRADEDAT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS;
DOD DIR 5200.10
                                                                                  
UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the provided document.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
OPERATIONS REPORT - 10-14 August 1953

The IBM statistical analysis being prepared by Project Stork was expected to be completed this week but Project Blue Book was informed that the study would not be completed before the last of August. This analytical study is expected to be of much help to this project in solving future unidentified aerial object mysteries. Outstanding trends or patterns are expected to show up in this analysis.

Project Blue Book was informed this week that Project Stork has begun the process of obtaining suitable diffraction gratings for the Wildon cameras that are presently out in the field. It is estimated that this effort will cost approximately $3,000 and that the grids should be available within 90 days. When the suitable grids are available to ATIC, the cameras will be recalled, grids mounted, and redistributed into the field. Steps are being made to speed up the operations and experimentation and manufacture of these grids.

Capt E. J. Ruppelt departed Dayton on 10 August 1953 for Rapid City, South Dakota, to investigate an unidentified aerial object which occurred in the Rapid City area at 2205 MST on 5 August 1953. Capt Ruppelt interrogated the observers, radar and visual, thoroughly and was unable to come up with a definite conclusion. The story of the observers has made it difficult for Project Blue Book to establish the identity of the object as being a known phenomenon. Capt Ruppelt has recommended that further study of this incident be made by ATIC and Project Blue Book contract astronomer.

Project Blue Book has received ten reports of unidentified aerial objects none of which are of too much importance. During the last two months, the number of reports received have remained relatively the same.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTN
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

```

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR text of the document:

---
5 August 1953

  UNCLASSIFIED

Description

Since this sighting was a combined air-visual, ground-visual, air-radar, and ground-radar report, it was decided that Project Blue Book would send an investigator to the scene. The controller on duty at the time of the incident was interviewed. His account of the incident was almost identical to that given in the initial TMX. He was on duty at 2005 MST when a GOC post observer called in an unidentified flying object sighted northeast of her post at Blackhawk, South Dakota. (Note: Sunset 1920 MST — Twilight 33 minutes.) She reported through the Rapid City Filter Center. She reported that the object was stationary, then moved south toward Rapid City. When the controller got the report that the object or light was headed toward Rapid City, he sent 3 airmen from the radar site to look for it visually. They reported a light moving from generally north to south at a high rate of speed. At this time the controller observed a blip going south on the scope. He could not get a distinct track because of ground clutter in the area. In a few minutes the GOC post in Blackhawk called in that the light was back in nearly its original position. An airborne F-84 was vectored into the area and after a search made visual contact. The F-84 was vectored into the blip that was remaining stationary at about 5 miles northeast of Blackhawk. The controller said that he believed the F-84 pilot saw the target and was closing scope. Shortly after the visual sighting by the pilot, the target started to move on a heading of about 320 degrees magnetic. Two good blips were obtained. Photos of this track were taken but the camera malfunctioned and the photos were no good. The blip disappeared at 70 miles and at that point the aircraft was returned to the base. The GOC observer reported seeing the aircraft and the object, and both were moving. The object seemed to be out-distancing the F-384. As soon as he F-84 landed, another F-84 took off for CAP. Just about this time, the Blackhawk GOC post called the third time stating that the object was back again. Nothing was on the scope (there was possibly a target in the ground clutter), so the F-84 was vectored in on the visual report. The pilot soon got a visual and started an intercept. About that time, the controller picked up both an unknown target and the F-84. Both were on a heading of about 360 degrees magnetic. The blip seemed to stay about 5-10 miles ahead of the F-84. The chase continued until the aircraft was about 80 miles out, then the intercept was broken off. The target continued off the scope. At this time the Bismarck Filter Center was alerted to look for unidentified flying objects. When the pilot got back over the base, he saw another blip. This was not picked up on the scope, but the controller got a return on the height finder equipment in the general direction of the sight, it was 8000 feet. At 0023 MST, Bismarck began to call in reports.

The pilot who was on the first CAP was interviewed next. He stated that he had been making passes at a B-36 north of Rapid City when GOT called and said they had a target west of Rapid City. He searched for
UNCLASSIFIED

753-11156

20

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DoD DIR 5200.19
---

- page 12 -

There are no photographs present in this document.

OCR output:
23 November 1953

Dear Capt. Harding:

We have been so busy with the Black Hawk, 8. Dakota case that I've only just now gotten down to looking over the large batch of accu- mulated reports. I must say that compared with Black Hawk, none of these approaches that incident in interest. There are a few interesting sight- ings, but on none of these is information sufficient to make a follow-up profitable.

Of the interesting ones, the very similar sightings of 24 July and 1 August at Key West would warrant follow-up if they were more recent. With present information I have no suggested explanation.

The 26 July Perrin AFB Texas also holds possible interest from the standpoint of maneuvers and the fact they were observed from the Control Tower and by civilians of Dennison, Texas.

It is too bad there is not more information on Creole, Ala. These cases cover four separate days. There is possibly pay dirt in these.

Finally, the Sidi Slimane sighting is definitely puzzling and will probably have to remain on the books as unexplained.

As for the remaining 30 or so, there is so little information con- cerning those which do not have obvious explanations that there is no per- centage whatever in considering them seriously.

Thus, out of the total number there are 4 independent acts which, if staff and time were available, would be interesting to pursue. Personally, I vote for sticking with the Black Hawk case until we have squeezed it dry. I feel certain that if this case can be explained, others would follow suit.

Concerning the Black Hawk case, we are proceeding slowly but surely with the investigation. Solid objects are certainly indicated by the evidence. Since the observations covered several hours and sightings were both visual and radar, it is important, in my estimation, that we continue to pursue this since failure to identity pinpoints a possible real weakness in our defense set-up, I hope to have a preliminary report on this case for you soon.

J. Allen Hynek


- page 13 -

There are no photographs present on this page. 

Here is the OCR-transcribed text from the document:

```
TO:       Colcnel George L. Wertenbeker
          Commander, ATIC                                    ATIA3-5/Capt Hardin/jos/73117
                                                             5 January 1954

                            MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD

PROBLEM:

    1. To request approval for ATIC officer to travel to Rapid City, South
Dakota, and Bismarck, North Dakota, for the purpose of determining the ori-
gin of a reported unidentified flying object.

FACTS AND DISCUSSION:

    2. On 5 Aug 53 a sighting was made in the vicinity of Rapid City,
South Dakota, by numerous reliable military and civilian obverers. Another
rjening was reported from Bismarck, North Dakota, on the same date ard ap-
peared to b the same object. The object was also tracked by radar.
invlstigati on followed but without the aid of an astronomer and the case
remains unsolved.
    
    3. Dr. Hynek of Ohio State University, contract astronomer to Projact
Blue Book, has had this case under study and believes that a satisfactory
conclusion may be reached by a joint on-the-spot investigation.
    
RECOMMENDATIONS:

    b. Project Blue Book believes that this is a significant case and
should be solve for the purpose ef its possible scientific value as well
as to discourage its use by writers who may draw their own conclusions in
lieu of an official solution. It is, therefore, recommended that Capt
Charles M. Hardin (in company with Dr. Hynek) proceed to Rapid City, South
Dakota, and Bismarck, North Dakota, for approximately 5 days TDY.

COORDINATION:

ATIA Lt Col H. C. Johnston, Branch Chief __________________

ATIA Col V. L. O'B"ern, Division Chief _____________________

ATIM Col D. 7. Justice, Office Chief _______________________

ATT  Col G. L. Wertenbeker, Commander________________________
```

- page 14 -

This document does not contain any photographs.

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
(COPY)

Bismark, North Dakota

Dr. J. A. Hynek
Dept. of Physics and Astronomy
Ohio State University
Columbus, Ohio

Dear Sir:

It was been called to my attention by (REDACTED), chief
(REDACTED), Bismark, North Dakota, that you wished a description
of the sighting of an unknown object or objects which were visible to
the unaided eye on the night of August 5, and the morning of August 6,
1953.

The local air-raid filter center had sighted two objects on the
evening of August 5th. One appeared due west of the city of Bismark and
the other in the northwest.

My first knowledge and sighting of these objects were at approx
imataly 12:05 A.M., August 6th. As near as I could tell the one in the west
appeared to be directly due west; and the other approximately 50 to 70 de
gress north and west of due north as estimated at the KFYR transmittor
location, which is approximately 13 miles east of Bismark.

As to the description of these objects all that I can say is that
they appeared much brighter than most of the stars and at times appeared to 
take on a rather dull bluish tint.

They appeared to move in the heavens, but at a rather slow rate 
and unless a person braced his head against some stationary object to 
eliminate head movement it would be hard to tell that they were moving.

The one in the west eventually disappeared below the horizon and 
the one in the north-west gradually seemed to blend in with the rest of the
stars until it was no longer visible. The time of the last sighting of both
objects was about 1:30 A.M.

I hope I have in some measure helped in your research.

Very truly yours,
/s/(REDACTED)
```

- page 15 -

The page you have provided contains no photographs.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

```
-2-					(Atwell to Hynek)		
					1 January 1954

that he was given from the ground station. Obviously the pilot would be 
serious at the time, particularly since he was told that there was a ground 
and a radar observation of the object. On reconsideration I believe he is 
willing to admit that he was chasing a large star. Considering the reliability 
of the military witnesses at the radar site, the excitement of Mr. xxxxx, 
and the relatively poor descriptions of subsequent sightings in the Rapid City 
area, I feel that the incident can be discounted from consideration entirely. 
The sightings in the Bismark area cannot be judged by me but the power of 
suggestion must be considered in them, particularly since a correlated story 
of sightings was passed from Rapid City to the North Dakota Filter Center. I 
can imagine the degree of credulity that could be lent to the story in the minds 
of Filter Center personnel when I realize that the statements in the official 
report from Rapid City were sufficient incentive for you and the people of ATIC 
to conduct an extensive investigation. Essentially the same information, poss- 
ibly embellished, was relayed to North Dakota that same night and, to use your 
words, the people there "could not consider the incident in the cool light of 
morning."

My interpretation of the incident relegates me to the ranks of the 
skeptics and certainly does not permit scientific conclusions as such. I do 
wonder if perhaps many of the twenty percent of unresolved cases might not 
repond to a psychiatric rather than a scientific approach. The percentage 
of unsolved cases might be reduced at least somewhat.

I have taken the liberty of incloing an article which labels me as a 
devotee of Mr. Pearson amongst others. I passed it along in case you missed it, 
particularly since that tone was moderate. The article was in this evenings paper 
and it was most timely to me.

		Trusting that you had a pleasant and rapid trip home and that I may be 
of service to you again, I am, 

		Yours truly,
		
		/s/ Allen L. Atwell	
		Major, USAF
			


		THE OFFICIAL
		USE ONLY
```

- page 16 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
44OTH AIRCRAFT CONTROL AND WARNING SQUADRON
Ellsworth Air Force Base
South Dakota

19 January 1954

Dr. J. A. Hynek 
Ohio State University 
Columbus, Ohio

Dear Doctor:

After your departure I checked possibility that Lt. Needham was
a man who tended to become excited or confused in emergencies. I discussed
the possibility with several of his associates and particularly with his oper-
ations officer, Major Fairbrother. Contrary to  statement, 
I found that Lt. Needham is a very reliable, cool individual with an excellent
combat record. On the other hand, I also checked a little on  re-
liability. Some of the pilots of aircraft that he has controlled have termed
as somewhat "more than as he gre more  reacustomed to his job. I
also have had a from my adjutant that Mr.  has been known to ex-
aggregate stories. Exaggerations were particularly noticed in Mr.
accounting of baseball records. It just so happends that the adjutant has
been a student of baseball records for some years and he immediately detected the 
inaccuracy of the stories. He told no one about them at the time did not con-
tradict Mr.  on the spot because he wanted to avoid embarrassment for him.
Apparently Mr.  will toll stories to improve his prestige although the facts
may not be accurate. The adjutant and Mr.  were both members of the squad-
ron baseball team during the past summer and the adjutant noted that Mr.
will never admit that he might have been wrong. He engaged in several seriuos
arguments with umpres was it was apparent to everyone, including members of both
teams, that he was wrong.

The above story leaves me somewhat embarrased. There were three
members of my organisation who contributed to the authenticity of the lesident
The two Staff and

Although these facts do not entirely disredit 
their statements I do not feel By adding
it appears the observations of all three can be treated skeptically. These military
observers are of course the only people to whom I can ascribe traits of reliability.
However, it would appear that a part of any future investigation could appropriately 
contain a reliability investigation of all persons who offer evidence of unusual
sightings. I say this in spite of the fact that I agree with you that observers
should not be automatically subjected to ridicule.

In my own mind I have now totally discounted the entire incident as an 
unfortunate series of seemingly coincident circumstances. A light was observed 
by a ground observer who could very well have been from a light airocraft. This
statement was reported to  as a flying saucer." Mr.   then in-
terpreted a target on the scope as the object in question and send an interceptor 
after it. He constructed a scene which amy well have been the track of his own
interpretation of what  pursuit, I accordance with what was told him
was chasing a light and he picked up a heavy own in accordance with the venture
```

- page 17 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR output:

                        (Atwell to Hynek,
                        1 January 1954)
that he was given from the ground station. Obviously the pilot would be
serious at the time, particularly since he was told that there was a ground
and a radar observation of the object. On reconsideration I believe he is
willing to admit that he was chasing a large star. Considering the reliability
of Mr the military witnesses at the radar site, the excitement of Mr ,
and the relatively poor description of subsequent sightings in the Rapid City
area, I feel that this incident can be discounted from consideration entirely.
The sightings in the Bismarck area cannot be judged by me but the power of
suggestion must be considered in these, particularly since a correlated story
of sightings was passed from Rapid City to the North Dakota Filter Center. I
can imagine the degree of credibility that could be lent to the story in the minds
of Filter Center personnel when I realize that the statements in the official
report from Rapid City were sufficient incentive for you and the people of ATIC
to conduct an extensive investigation. Essentially this same information, possibly
embellished. was passed to North Dakota that same night and, in other
words, the people there "could not consider the incident in the cool light of
morning."
My interpretation of the incident relegates me to the ranks of
skeptics and certainly does not permit scientific conclusions as such. I do
wonder if perhaps many of the twenty percent of unresolved cases might not
respond to a psychiatric rather than a scientific approach. The percentage
of unsolved cases might be reduced at least somewhat.
I have taken the liberty of inclosing an article which labels me as a
devotee of Mr. Pearson amongst others. I passed it along in case you missed it,
particularly since the tone was inaccurate. The article was in the evening; paper
and it was most timely to me.
Trusting that you had a pleasant and rapid trip home and that I may be
of service to you again, I am,

                        Yours truly,
/s/ Allen L. Atwell
         Major, USAF

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR output of the text:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

2 February 1954
Major Allen L. Atwell
Commander, 740th AC&W Squadron
Ellsworth Air Force Base
Rapid City, South Dakota

Dear Major, 

Thank you for your letter of 19 January. You have been of considerable service to us in tracking this down further, and especially in giving us the highly important character sidelights. I think the "baseball" example is particularly telling. I therefore feel as you do, that the incident reports from Rapid City sprang from, in general, unre- liable observers. Even the two lieutenants, under questioning, were not sure of what they saw, but at least they were honest enough to admit this.
 
I agree with your statement concerning reliability checks, and hasten to assure you that one of the reasons we came out in person was to size up the observers. Speaking for myself, although I think the Captain would concur, we are ready to write off the Rapid City-Black Hawk incident as "information from questionable sources." in short, we can't trust the "evidence," and when this happens in any scientific procedure the thing to do is throw the whole thing out the window.

I would like to ask, just for possible future references with a good man on radar controls, what are the possibilities of "unknown blips" over a long period? That is, out of 365 days, would you say that unknowns appear on the scope several times each day? Once every few days? A few times a year? I am assuming blips not due to malfunction but to echoes, etc.

What I now have to say will surprise you! The observers at Bis- mark I would class as entirely reliable. It is therefore impossible for us to write off the Bismark incident in a like manner. Indeed, I wish we could. It is impossible, however, to say that the objects seen in Bismark were the result of "reports from Rapid City, because at least two people independently (and 15 miles apart) reported the objects without previous knowledge of the phone call from Rapid City. The objects persisted for more than two hours and the various observers agreed, within reason, on their tracks.

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 19 -

This page does not contain a photograph. 

Here is the OCR extracted text from the document:

```
-2-

UNCLASSIFIED

Despite, therefore, the coincidence between Rapid City and
Bismarck, in view of the disparity in quality of observers in the two
places, I think we shall probably proceed by discounting the Rapid City
incident altogether and concentrate on the Bismarck incident.

I note that you never did get around to telling me specifically
whether Needham was the pilot who became unnerved when the jet crashed.

Thanks again for your very real help in this. I hope the next
time we meet will be under less unusual circumstances.

Sincerely,

Original Signed by
J. ALLEN HYNEK

J. Allen Hynek

Copy to ATIC
jah/JS

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 20 -

There is a photograph present on the page. 

**OCR Text:**

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS

                                                                                      July 13, 1961

Maj. William T. Coleman
SAFOI-3
Room 4C-922
The Pentagon
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Bill:

On my return from the western swing I find a sizable amount of accumulated flying saucer material. I want to thank you and Major Friend, and Colonel Evans for all of the helpful material, including the suggestions for improving our chapters. Many thanks to all of you.

On my western trip I ran into a daytime sighting that was a honey. I was driving on Highway 54 from El Paso, Texas to Alamogordo, New Mexico, and I was in the outskirts of the latter city, having just turned west where the road meets the one coming from Las Cruces and the Holloman Air Force Base. The time was 4:00 p.m. The sun was shining, although the sky was heavily clouded toward the west. It had clearly been raining in the mountains and heavy dust storms had forced me to stop two or three times along the highway. I was suddenly startled to see a V-shaped formation of flying saucers heading eastward directly toward me. They appeared to have a reddish glow and were moving very rapidly. I had the impression that they were nearly at cloud level. They approached me rapidly and suddenly seemed to drop in on me. Then I realized that they were merely a grouping of tumbleweeds carried aloft in the heavy wind. They were, perhaps, some hundred feet overhead. The weird glow was caused by the illumination of the setting sun. Keep this in mind for similar reports.

Mrs. _____ and I have been struggling to interpret the famous Rapid City, South Dakota, case of 12 August, 1953. The report has so many features that are suggestive of the mirage of a star, that we have strongly leaned to that interpretation. The bright star, Capella, which happens to be circumpolar at Rapid City, was indeed very close to the horizon, just east of north. We do not have very good times or estimates of the total duration of the sighting. I wonder if you have any additional material that you could send us, in view of the importance that the UFO boys attach to this sighting. In particular, we should like to know what is the radius in miles, of the radar screen and what was the frequency. The weather records indicate

- page 21 -

There is a photograph present on this page. It shows a typewritten letter with some handwritten annotations and two sections where the text is heavily redacted or blacked out.

**OCR Text Output:**

---
Maj. William T. Coleman                                             July 13, 1961

                                                    -2-
that a very sizable temperature inversion was present, and this was
ample to magnify some of the radar and optical effects. The radar,
especially, could have been deflected back to the ground and the
moving object might have been some secondary reflection from the
plane itself. Is there any additional information about the man who
claimed to have checked the UFO against the triangle of stars, and
deciding that it moved with reference to those stars? Sounds that
it might have been autokinesis, unless this motion was really very
sizable.

                    One further question that we have. A study of the      case indicates that the UFO was merely a meteor. Appar-
ently this was a considered solution in the early days. We wonder
why it was abandoned.

                    Thank you for the additional sightings, all of which are useful
and lend freshness to the book. Also, I think you were going to send
me one from the South, where airline pilots reported not only seeing
a saucer but certain roughness of the air which, according to your own
observation, was due to forest fire or oil well fire, or something of
the sort.

                     Again, with our many thanks and best wishes, I am

                                                  Cordially yours,


                                                  (redacted)

DHM:gq

P.S.   I'm scheduled to be in Washington on July 26. If time permits,
I may run over to the Pentagon and talk with you some at that time.
                                               DHM                       also on the 21st

CG: Maj. Friend
      Col. Evans

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

OCR Text Output:

```
about 20 minutes ¢¢ and south of Rapid City but saw nothing. He re- turned to base and was about to land when he observed a light noxt- ves of the base. He started out on a heading of 350 degrees magnetic, the object was high (30 deg., 45 deg) at ill o'tlock from him. He checked the possibility of a reflection and determined that this was not the cause. He continued his course keeping the object at angle for a better view. After about 30 seconds, it disappeared then reappeared for another 30 seconds at the end of which it abruptly fled and was not seen again. The object was silver in color and varied in intensity. It appeared to "pull away" because it got smaller. The comment as to size was that it was "brighter than the brightest star I've ever seen".

The pilot who flew the second CAP was interviewed next. He stated that he took off und started to climb when GCI told him that CCC had a light. He was north of Ellsworth AFB on a heading of 360 degrees meg: netic when he sow a light 30-40 degrees to his bright ard level. He thought it was a star or planet but as he looked away it appeared to "jump" 15-20 degrees in elevation. (Note: Due to the speed of the air- craft and the fact that the pilot was intent on identifying the object, ¢ he was not exactly sure of his positions, All positions are subject to some errer.) The light seemed to be paralleling bis course. The first thing the pilot did wes to check for reflections in the cockpit (i.e., canbpy, gunsight light, etc.). He was sure the light was no reflection in the aircraft. The light, which the pilot ostimeted to be considerably brighter than a tas , changed intensity and changed in colors while he watched it. He started to climb and the light appeoved to climb also. This was because the angle of elevation increased. He climbed to 26,000 feet. All this tirme he had the radar blip of both the object and his own craft were being carried and the pilot was talking to the euhtroller on UHF. As the pilot turned into the light on his initial sightings, he turned on his rader gunsight. As he swung onto the toregt, the warning light rame on. No ranga was obtained since the sight starts to measure at about 4,000 yards. All this might indicate vas that somothing was beyond 4,000 yards. ‘The light remained on until the chase was broken off. After the chase, on the way home, the light blinked on and off several times indicating a possible malfunction. The sight was nog checked by maintenance on return and had not been checked since.

The F-84 chased the light for about five minutes, or to about 80 miles north of the base. The light appeared to make slow changes in color and intensity. The pilot stated that the light definitely moved in relation to the stars. After the intercept was broken off, the air- craft returned toward base.
About 20 miles out of base he got a visuel on a SAFU light that changed from red to white. He was on a heading of 180 degrees magnetic at 12-14,000 feet and the light wns 10 degrees low to his right. He thought it was a car going around eurves in the hills but changed his mind when the red and while lights wame of ewual intensity. The target was in the ground clutter of the rader but something at 8C00 feet was picked up on the heighe finder radar The light slowly went on then

21

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DEGLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10
UNCLASSIFIED


종5-11155
```

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

**OCR Output:**

```
CFFICIAL FILE COPY

ARDCIA:lba/Maj Friend/anc/69216/typed 27 Apr 60

Request For UFO Information (Mr 12  - - - -- me)

SAFOI -3d (Maj Tacker)

1. The following are suggested answers to the questions penned by

     in the attached lettet:

     It must be assumed that the much publicized Washington radar

sightings of 19 July 1952, is the one in question. This case was deter-

mined to be targets caused by a temperature inversion.

b There is no record in the Air Force files of a sighting at

Kinross AFB on 23 November 1953. The Kinross case, as outlined in

several books and other publications on UFO's, states that an aircraft

was carried away by an unidentified flying object. There is no case

in the files which even closely parallels these circumstances

     The objects in the FILM taken at Tremonton, Utah on 2 July 1952,

were determined to be birds, probably sea gulls.

     The Air rerce rule carries no conclusion on the photographs taken

by Mr - - - near Amarillo, Texas on 2 August 1955. Not kno'.v.i ng

 what radiation was - - -, it is the Air Force opinion that some unknom1n

man at the time speculated that the object was an irradiated vapor trail

and was honestly or deliberately mis-quoted.

     The Air Force is not aware of any release date for the photo-

 graph taken by Mr - -. The original was in the hands of the owner

and he was free to do with it as he pleased.
     
f. Air Force experience has been that there is no increase in
radiation due to unidentified flying objects. It should be understood
that the normal background for any area may fluctuate a few hundredths
of a milliroentgen, this is considered normal and constitutes no danger
whatsoever.

g. The Air Force is not aware of any statements, official or other-
wise, by a government agency to the effect that UFO's are space ships.

h. The Air Force has no specific knowledge of internal tracking of
unidentified flying objects.

i. The Air Force file contains no record of a report at Barber's
Point, Pearl Harbor on 8 August 1953, in fact, no report from Hawaii

                                                  

                                                   27
                                                   a n c
                                    mutilated o
```

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
AUG. 6, 1953 --- 42
ON AUGUST 6, BETWEEN 5 P.M. AND MIDNIGHT, AT LEAST 7 LIGHTED OBJECTS, SOME
MOVING SWIFTLY IN FORMATION, WERE OBSERVED IN THE HAWAII AREA, ESPECIALLY
NEAR BARBERS POINT (NAVAL AIR STATION), HAUAKONA. MANY OF THESE UFO-S
WERE SEEN BY THE CONTROL TOWER, OTHERS BY PILOTS. THE OBJECTS APPEARED AS
BLIPS ON THE RADAR SCOPES. AT ABOUT 9 P.M. A NAVY PILOT ON PATROL PICKED UP
THE END OF A UFO -APPROACHING HEAD ON AT AN ALARMING RATE OF SPEED. SECONDS

LATER, A GLOWING OBJECT MADE THREE CLOSE PASSES AT HIS PLANE. THE PILOT
LANDED IMMEDIATELY AT BARBERS POINT.
AFTER THIS REPORT, THE CAPTAIN AND EXECUTIVE OFFICER WERE SUMMONED, AND
EMERGENCY PATROLS WERE ORDERED AFTER MIDNIGHT. AT 11 MINUTES PAST TWO, THE
PILOT OF A TV-1 JET SIGHTED A STRANGE, GLOWING OBJECT, STREAKING UP FROM
DIRECTLY BEHIND. WHEN APPROXIMATELY 100 FEET ASTERN, THE UFO SHOT TO STARBOARD
AND PACED THE TV-1 FOR FOUR SECONDS. IT THEN ACCELERATED SWIFTLY TO AN
ESTIMATED SPEED OF 1000 MPH, AND DISAPPEARED.
ACCORDING TO GROUND CREW AND OFFICER. THE PILOT WAS VERY PALE AND
FRIGHTENED WHEN HE LANDED. HE KEPT SAYING, "I ACTUALLY SAW HIM."

6 August 1953
Barbers Point, T.H.
```

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR text output:

```
Information Only (Ho Case)
Source: CSI

August 6, 1953, Sightings Kerkrade,
Netherlands:

During the last days of July and the
first week of August I took a holiday and
visited the Southern part of Holland. On
August 6th I arrived in a small mining town,
Kerkrade, in the south part of the province
of Limburg. Kerkrade lies close to the
German border, there is, in fact, a broad
atreet divided longitudinally by barbed wire,
the one-half being Kerkrade and the other
half being German.

I went for a walk along this street
about midnight. All was quiet. Suddenly my
attention was drawn to a blue-green light of
moderate intensity, which ran through the
fkq in the East. It came down an elegant
swoop, and then slowed down. At first I
thought it to be a meteorite, but it left
no trail of fire as these do. It was a light
spot of xoufhly circular shape, and while it
descended it came in my direction. Then I
saw what it was - a flying saucer. It came
slowly towards me and so near that I could
see its ~76rekely”.

I made a test: if you want to
know how big I saw it, take a dinner plate,

hold it a^ aims length, then raise the plate
somewhat nyher than scalp level and look at
it. Tha^wao exactly the relative size of the
object
Then It irapped and stood still in the air
first i think was about 1000 feet,
Then it came mill further down. Mot a
sound was nied while it was in flight, or
when it itnad still. I had an opportunity to
study it. Ist must have been of enormous size,
far bigger tiin the wing span of any airliner.
As I looked up I saw only its underside,
but it started to hover around slowly, also
changing its position, so that I could see
it edge-on. Once I could look on it, when
it took an inclined position and the moon
shone on it.

Its form was a disc, slightly dished in
the center, ard in the center (topside) a
cabin with sloping walls, a cone. No doors
or windows were discernible. Its color was
grey. When it came down it was giving off a
blue-green light. As soon as it had stopped,
the light vanished. In the dull grey color
of the metal. Thanks tothe Ldoke^e -
atly as a grey-enamelled pan, somewhat glossy
faep^the moon shone on it, but not *polished.
```

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present on the page provided.

OCR Text Output:

```
for the entire month of August 1953.

j. For the most part, information concerning UFO reports is avail- able to the public, but due to required classification, some are not. It is the Air Force opinion that the best answer is contained in the question itself. These sightings are intelligence reports, and as such, in certain instances contains other information apart from the UFO por- tion which ray require classification.

k. The Air Force is open minded on the subject of space travel, and aware that space visitors are a possibility. The present Air Force posi- tion is not to deny this possibility, but rather to state that to date no evidence has been discovered to substantiate that UFO's are inter- planetary or interstellar space ships.

1. No lunar exploration, telescopic or space probe, has revealed any additional information concerning UFO's.

2. 

a. Mr. address is as follows:

Hancock, N. J.

FOR THE COMMANDER: 

[Signature]
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components 

1 Atch: Cy ltr 17 Mar 50 fr
```

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Below is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

Government Distruster Unidentified 
amerika object
distruster

( Netherlands ) 

Your ref. Ruttenschoot, November 4, 1953 
Our ref. Van-814-798

Dear sirs,

Last week we were informed that the investigations committee on UFOs of the U.S. Air Force, Project Blue Book, hastily published a book about the U.F.O.'s - sights which were reported during about 15 years from several states of the U.S.A. 

We are informed too, that "Project Blue Book" had published a book on U.F.O.'s from the late 15 years of investigation. By our information they would have published a book about it. We would asks if you could send us those reports and/or this book. If this are not possible, can you tell us the way, how we can get that?

Ho thing that you can comply with our requests and sign, looking your answer.

Sincerly, 

(Signature obscured)

- page 28 -

This document contains a photograph which appears to be a page from a typed report with visible text.

The extracted text from the document is as follows:

---

"Two things impressed me much; firstly, when it stood still the rim of the disc was very clear and sharp, but as it started moving this rim became hazy, as if it had some motion, either rotating, pulsating or vibrating. I could not discern whether or not it rotated, it just became blurred. Secondly, after looking intently at it for some minutes I felt a very disagreeable sensation in my eyes; they felt irritated, the same feeling as after looking for a long time at a bed television screen".

"Suddenly I saw a second disc. It had come down from somewhere without my seeing it arrive.  Its stood much farther away. Its shape was slightly different. It, too, had a slightly dished disc, with a cabin, but this cabin protruded slightly from the underside as well as from the top. This one stood perfectly still, without any movement. The other kept hovering around slowly over the German countryside as if it looked for something. At count three, number 1 leaped away. It shot away making several very sharp angles. At the same time, the blue-green hue appeared again.  After some wild leaps at speed I have never seen before, it shot up as a bolt of lightning and went off with one vertical flame into space. No sound was heard. The other remained for some seconds, then capsized on its edge and took one vertical leap, one fiery blue streak into space after the other _ also without sound.

 During the following two days the papers

---

did mention, in the briefest articles, that the objects were also seen in three other nearby cities.".

Haarlem -7, Holland 

---



- page 29 -

The document does not appear to contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR text extracted from the provided image:

---
                                                                                         Aug 65

                                February 17, 1966

Mrs /sh/SAFOICC/72842/17 Feb 66

Dear Mr. ________

This is in reply to your letter requesting information on the UFO sightings in the Mid-West in August, 1965.

A study of the reports indicates the sightings were due to a temperature inversion which caused astronomical bodies to appear to change colors and move when viewed through layers of the atmosphere.

I am enclosing a current report on Project Blue Book. This report contains statistical data through the year 1965.

                                                                           Sincerely,

                                                                           JOHN P. SPAULDING 
                                                                           Lt Colonel, USAF
                                                                           Chief, Civil Branch
                                                                           Community Relations Division
                                                                           Directorate of Information

1 Atch:
Blue Book Report

Mr. ________
____ _____________
_______ _____________
____________ ____________
Rotterdam, Netherlands


COORDINATED By (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)
SAP-OI (____) - SAP-OIC

                                  ______ _________________ ________

                                ___________- SAP-OIC
                                   ___________  cy - SAP-OIC
                                   Activity cy - SAP-OIC 
                                                 Stayback

- page 30 -

There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

came back in. It secmed to Le west moving oince the aircraft wau Vept on a constant heading and the angle of asmuth and elevation increased. The light was firot obberved for 30 seconds, it faded, rteppeared, then faded again after 30 oconds.

As the pilot came around the west side of the air base and up the east side, he saw another light and turned into it to take gun camara photos. (Tme photos were no good).

Discussion

A visit was made to the Weather Bureau station at the Rapid City Municipal Airport to check weather and balloon launches (Note: The air base launches no balloons). The observer on duty looked up the balloon track for the balloon launched at 2000 MST on 5 August 1953 and it went south from the Municipal Airport. This put it out of the area of the sighting. Data on inversions was not available as it had been forwarded to Asheville, North Carolina. (Note: The balloon track and weather for 2000 MST on 5 August han been requested from Asheville.)

No attempt was made to contact the GOC observers at Blackhawk. They had been interrogated by haee personnel and were "all excited". It was believed that an investlgator talking to them would only further excite them needlessly. All the sightings at Bismarck are doubtful. The ACCM Station called the Bismarck Filter Center and told them to "look for flying saucers", a perfect set up to see every star move around.

The upper alr renearch balloon tracks at Lowry were checked. two balloons were lost and could have ben in the area at the time of the sighting.

A few comments on the Sources can be made:

Controller left the impression that he was trying to prove the exietence of an unidentified flying object. It is very unfortunate that no scope photos were available to collaborate his story. He saw targets on the scope, there is no doubt about it, but whether they acted exactly as he stated is unknown.

The two airmen that went outside to observe the object that was being carried on radar and reported by the GOC were not sure of what they saw, at least this is the impression they left. They were told to go out and look foro ligt so they saw one. Their description fits that of a star. Tdey only saw a "streak" in the sky They did not see it return north, only go south.

The first pilot only got a glimpse of a light so he could not add much.

The second pilot gave the impression of being "on the ball". He obviously was trying to convince himself the light was a star, but wae

UNCLASSIFIED
053-11156 22
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS. DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 31 -

The document does not contain any photograph.

OCR Text Output:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

An account of the investigation by Capt. Chas. Hardin, USAF, and J. A. Hynek, of the reported visual/radar sightings of Unidentified Objects at Bismarck, N. Dakota and Black Hawk, S. Dakota, on 5/6 August 1953.

We arrived in Bismark at about 19000Z, 12 January 1954, where Sgt. Wesley Harry of the Bismarck Filter Center met us. Within 20 minutes we were at the Filter Center and had been offered a cup of coffee. We first examined the original logs of the incident, and Sgt. Harry pointed out that the Filter Center was first alerted at 0515Z 5 August 1953, that an object was about 70 miles south of Dickinson, N. Dakota. At 0523Z another call came in stating that an object was 15 miles north of Rapid City. At 0538Z a call came in that an object was just south of Almont. At 0542Z, or 2342C, Sgt. Harry Sighted an object from the Filter Center roof. He had gone out on the roof to look toward the SW to see if he could see anything of the reported object.

Re: Fig. #1. Sgt. Harry's description of the object has been treated many times in the reports and so I asked him primarily about motions. Fortunately he had power lined near by and so as soon as the object appeared he checked his position on the roof by marking points around his shoes. The motion of the object was described as indicated on photos #1 and #2. He stated that this represents the mean motion of the object, but that in between it moved erratically up and down as much as one or two times the distance between the horizontal telephone wires. He insisted the motion was abrupt. Apparently it came in rather rapidly, but when it got west of the Filter Center it hovered, moving up and down.

Mrs. (redacted) spent most of her time watching this object and her evidence was essentially the same as that of Harry although she did not see it as soon.

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 32 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

Here is the OCR text output from the document:

```
having difficulty. He took a realistic approach and had done some logi-
cal reasoning. He was worried about the fact that the light moved
relative to the stars.

By eliminating doubtful sightings, the only thing that can be rea-
sonably assured is that a GOC post observed a light. This could be a
balloon or star. Radar picked up something in the general area of the
GOC post and vectored an aircraft toward it. The pilot saw a light and
chased it. He got a radar lock on it, but this could have been a mal-
function. The star Capella is possibly visible low on the horizon to
the north and the pilot could have seen this. Pending further study,
this incident is carried as Unsolved.

Conclusion

Unsolved.


DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
23
753-11156
```

- page 33 -

The document page does not contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR-transcribed text from the document:

```
                                            UNCLASSIFIED

Object # 2, at the time of the passage of the C-12k, is indicated 
on Fig. 3 and 6. Mr. states that the object was almost due north 
and had an elevation about equal to that of the "guardians of the pole,"
which would place it about 30° up. We visited the control tower several
times, once at night with the sky clear, and had ample chance to check
positions and comparisons with stars. has had much opportunity
to observe stars from the control tower, and it appears inconceivable to
me that a man with 13 years experience could have mistaken stars for these
objects. Furthermore, Mr. examined the objects with binoculars and 
pointed out that though they resembled stars, their motion and their color
changes were such as to rule out this possibility. At any rate, if one
adopts the angles and altitudes of object , one finds that it was about
3 1/2 miles from the Filter Center and about 5 miles from the airport at an
altitude of about 10,000. This is obtained as a mean of two figures: 5000
and 15,000 feet. Mr. it appears, consistantly estimated altitudes
higher than Harry.

Object # 3 is indicated on Fig. 4 and 6. Fig. 5 shows the relation
of the Filter Center to the bearing of the Filter Center is 321°
as computed from a surveyor's map of the city. As will be noted, from the 
Filter Center, object  was a little to the north of east, wheras from the
tower it was a little to the east of north. This places it almost exactly
3 miles from both the filter center and the tower. Again, in altitudes there
is some discrepancy, but taking the mean of 3,000 and 8,000, we get something
of the order of a mile high.

    as well as  stated that object # 2 was the highest in the 
sky, and 3 and # considerably lower.  Object # 4 appears to have been the 
farthest away, since, as Fig. 4 and 7 show, it had about the same bearing from

                           UNCLASSIFIED                      DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
                                                             DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS

```

- page 34 -

The page includes no photographs.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

She maintained that in the western part of the sky it would remain stationary,
then hop up several degrees very quickly - almost instantaneously - stop,
move to the left and then swerve down in sort of a slanting motion, repeating
these maneuvers many times. By this time everybody at the Filter Center was
very excited and, as they said, shaking, because they had the feeling that
somebody was watching them.

This original western object disappeared sometime between midnight
and 1:00 am. Just about midnight, however, the Filter Center people almost
simultaneously saw other objects to the east. Object #2 was sighted at
0612 to the north of east. At 0712 two other objects toward the
east were seen. The plots of these objects are given on photos 3 and 4. The
best drawing of the positions and motions of the objects comes from Sgt. Harry
and is included as Fig. 6A.

Mr. ___ was located at the CAA Control Tower, 2½ air miles away
such that the Filter Center had a bearing of 321° from the tower. He saw all
4 objects also, but not exactly in the same positions. Since there was a
chance here of getting a fix on these objects, we spent a fair amount of time
having Sgt. Harry and Mr. Wilhelm sight the remembered positions of the objects
at the time a C-124 Globemaster came by at approximately 0800Z. This estab-
lishes a point in time, and Fig. 2 and 4 show the position of the object at
the time of the passage of the C-124. Object #1 in Fig. 2 is denoted by the
" x ". ___ stated that the bearing of object #1 was 260° at an altitude of
18°. ___ gave the position of the object at 275° and 13° altitude. The
altitudes do not check, but the bearings place the object about a mile and a
half west of the Filter Center. If one adopts a mean value of altitude, the
fix places it at 3½ miles from the airport and 1½ miles from the Filter Center.
The motion over a good number of degrees, in apparently close position, and the
many changes of color would appear to rule out a star.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 35 -

**Description of Photographs Present:**
There are no photographs present on this page of the document.

**OCR Text Output:**

---

observes that unless all six observers are unable to distinguish a star from anything else, the stellar explanation will not hold. Further, the angular positions appear to rule this out.

2. Balloons:

If these objects were balloons, they would have to be captive balloons because of their restricted motion and the fact that they did not rise. Extensive inquires were made as to the possibility of any experiments going on in that area at the time. The weather bureau was consulted, since in previous years there had been some cosmic ray experiments by Dr. [REDACTED] and Dr. [REDACTED]. In both cases they had consulted the weather bureau for wind conditions. The weather bureau knew of no experiments at that time. The Dean of the Bismarck Junior College was consulted to see if he might have known of any experiments at the time. He took us to see the head of the North Dakota State Museum, and he also knew of nothing. We asked to check the hotel register of the best hotel in town, and found no names that might have had any connection with scientific experiments. We likewise checked the newspapers for this period, and although this incident was mentioned, nothing else bearing upon it was. The newspapers did mention that television towers were being erected at approximately this location at the time. Accordingly, the engineer of the TV station was consulted and he stated that at no time were any experiments carried out relative to the construction of the towers.

3, Aircraft:

All observers are reasonably well experienced with aircraft, with of course Mr. [REDACTED] being the "authority" among the observers. Aircraft must definitely be ruled out. The only hope is that these were balloons, but in the absence of any evidence for experiments going on at the time, or of these lights behaving as balloons, this appears a desperate solution.

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS DOD DIR 5200.10

---

(Note: "[REDACTED]" indicates that the name or specific information was obscured and not readable.)

- page 36 -

