The image contains a Project Blue Book report form, but there is no photograph present in this particular page. The form has various fields filled out, including the date-time group, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, physical evidence, and conclusion. The text in the form is as follows:

DATE-TIME GROUP: 1953
LOCATION: Upper New York
SOURCE: Civilians
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 mins.
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
COURSE: Steady
PHOTOS: None
PHYSICAL EVIDENCES: Yes
CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a UFO analysis sheet with various fields filled out, including the location "Upper New York", the date "1952", the hour "Night", the satellite information, astronomical phenomena, radar analysis, natural phenomena, and aircraft/balloons/airships. The bottom part of the document discusses the "Evaluation of Source Reliability" and mentions that the witness did not report the sighting until November 1952, and that the construction of a later design would indicate that very little information was obtained.

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
Location: Upper New York
Date (Local): 1952
Hour (Local): Night
Satellite: (Det 5 ATIC, Ext 3779)
Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc):
Radar Analysis* (AFOIM-451): N/A
Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc):
Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc:
Other: Tongue data
Evaluation of Source Reliability: Unknown
Analysis and Conclusions: (Allowed the witness to corroborate the incident, but did not report it until November 1952. In my opinion, the witness was honestly observing an object, but the construction of a later design would indicate that very little information was obtained.)

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a typed letter discussing a UFO sighting.

Text transcribed from the image:

Dear Sir:

I would like to tell about a U.F.O. I saw.
Back in 1953 I was at Ten Mile River camp, in upstate New York, where I was attending boy scout camp. About two hundred boys and myself were sitting on a hill watching the sunset when suddenly, all of a sudden, an object came across the sky. At first, this thing was flying so fast that it looked like a flying saucer. It made sharp right angle turns as fast as you can close your eyes. Then, as I kept watching it, I could see there was a tail to it, and it looked like a falling star, only this one didn't fall it went straight on flying. Well the whole night we were on the hill we saw falling stars, this one didn't fall it went straight on flying. I would say it was flying about 2,000 feet up. Now I am twenty years of age, and I still believe in flying objects. I have a theory of what kind of fuel they use; I think they use some gravity within the saucer, or they some gravity from the pull of the earth, by a means of a certain type of engine. The metal they are made of would be of a very light alloy or steel, that would act strange very hot temperatures, at fast speeds. I think there was some operation going on where they hide either on some dark side of the moon. Or maybe the nearest star to earth which is Centuri 6. I don't know if that is the closest star to earth. It is 4 1/2 light years away from the earth. If you would figure at a speed of 186,000 miles per second, if you would travel 186,000 by 4 1/3 light years, it would be a great distance. Over.

- page 3 -

