There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains a form with various fields filled out, including information about the date, time, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, and physical evidence.

22 mar *53 22.0/2.22
CIVIL 11
One
3 Seconds 
VISUAL - OBS
Test

Astronomy Cormand
Abstract: Obiect was observed to travel in a straight line at a constant speed and altitude which appeared to be in the vicinity of 20 deg In elevation and passed from E to W in a time of 3 seconds. The object was round in shape and silvery in color. The object was noticed by 2 adult members of the population yet investigation revealed no other witnesses of the object.

FORM
FTD SCP 62-0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions about the sighting.

Lifting in bed vacantly gazing out the window.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a vehicle
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other __

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Lifting in bed vacantly gazing out the window.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicles at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     b. South    c. East    d. West
e. Northeast    f. Southeast    g. Southwest    h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast
e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast
e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 255 degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 265 degrees. 
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 2 -

The image contains two sketches. The larger sketch on the left depicts a curved line representing the horizon, with an object (presumably a UFO) above it. The instructions ask the viewer to imagine the object's position relative to the horizon and mark its position on the curve. The smaller sketch on the right shows a person standing on a road with a curved horizon in the background.

Text extracted from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds, e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind, b. Slight breeze, c. Strong wind, d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold, b. Cool, c. Warm, d. Hot, e. Don't remember

35. WHEN DID YOU REPORT TO SOME OFFICIAL THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT? ___ March 1953___ 

36. WAS ANYONE ELSE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
36.1 IF YOU ANSWERED YES, DID THEY SEE THE OBJECT TOO? (Circle One) Yes No
36.2 PLEASE LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES: __________ (redacted)__________

37. WAS THIS THE FIRST TIME THAT YOU HAD SEEN AN OBJECT OR OBJECTS LIKE THIS?
37.1 IF YOU ANSWERED NO, THEN WHEN, WHERE, AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES DID YOU SEE OTHER ONES?
[No response provided]

38. IN YOUR OPINION WHAT DO YOU THINK THE OBJECT WAS AND WHAT MIGHT HAVE CAUSED IT?
A METEOR OR METEORITE? INCENDIARY?

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ___ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME ___
ADDRESS Bay City, Mich
TELEPHONE NUMBER 
What is your present job? Lawyer
Age 35 Sex M
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College Mgre General Academ1c
d. Post graduate 1 year

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
4 April 1953

- page 5 -

There is a photograph present in this image, which appears to be a Technical Information Sheet from the U.S. Air Force. The photograph shows a diagram or floor plan of a room, along with some written observations and measurements related to a sighting of a flying object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, if they are needed.

Name: (Redacted)
Signature: (Redacted)
Date: April 4, 1953

At 11:33 P.M., March 28, 1953 while lying in bed looking out the window, I noticed a flaming object pass slowly across the lower half of the left one of a group of three windows. It moved and appeared to disappear completely, almost instantly, and then reappear in a slightly different position. I immediately began counting "One thousand one, one thousand two, one thousand three, one thousand four" as I had been instructed to do to check the time, and simultaneously across, went to the telephone and checked the time, it being 11:30:30. I immediately made notes on a scrap of paper concerning the observations.

The object, the size of a dime at arm's length, and shaped like a bell, had a greenish-white color similar to that of fluorescent paint on a clock dial in the dark. It had a sort of halo around it, and the tail appeared to be slightly curved. The direction of the object was from right to left across the window from a point close to the glass, observed the moon just barely within a field of view. At times I lost my position in the room as the time of the original observation. Measurements of the room were made after the following observation.

The home is located in the North Fractional 1/3 of the Southwest Fractional 1/4 of Section 23, Bay County, Michigan. The direction from the observation point through the window is almost due west.

The following was observed: The object was not seen in the two windows to the right, indicating the possibility of a limited field of vision. It was slightly larger than the North Star, but smaller than the moon, and elliptical in shape, pointing in the direction of motion. It had a slightly greenish color, like fluorescent paint on a clock dial in the dark. It had a sort of halo around it, and the tail appeared to be slightly curved.

Diagram of floor plan and wall of room are attached with measurements.

The width of the blurring or distortion in the window, which may have been caused by the object's passage, is also indicated.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a technical drawing or diagram showing the layout and dimensions of a room or space.

Text from the document:

USAPTIS

Page 2

Scale 1/8"=1'

North-west side of room

"A" to floor - 6'1"
"B" to floor - 6'1/2"

North-west Wall

Floor of room

Eye-point: E-A = 72" approximately
Distance E-B = 102" approximately
Distance A-B = 60 1/4"

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is a letter dated March 25, 1953, addressed to the Commanding Officer at Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio, regarding an unusual celestial phenomenon the author had witnessed.

Text from the document:

March 25, 1953.

Commanding Officer
Wright Field
Dayton, Ohio

Re: "Flying Saucers"? ?

Dear Sir:

I wish to report an unusual celestial phenomenon quite different from single unscored, lighted aircraft which I have witnessed. The attached data was recorded forthwith except room measurements.

Very truly yours,
[Redacted]

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) incident.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. DATE: March 25, 1953.

2. LOCATION WHERE OBSERVED: 1/4 of Northwest Fractional 1/4 of Southwest Fractional 1/4 of Section 8, Town 14 North, Range 5 East, Bay County, Michigan. (Approx. 2 miles SE of Kawkawlin).

3. TIME: 11:35:08 p.m. EST (verified within 15 seconds with Bell Telephone).

4. DURATION: Approximately 4 seconds (verified immediately after observation by consulting house-bound-dog, one at ground training for use in photographic dark room).

5. DIRECTION OF VIEW: Approximately two west from point of observation (northwest motion of U.F.O. object).

6. COLOR, SIZE and SHAPE: Color a tiny like fluorescent paint on clothes shone in dark. Size: length about 1/2 that of last joint of thumb held at arm's length. Shape: a thin cylinder with a blunt end in front and a slight taper to the rear. Length about twice its width.

7. MOVEMENT: Wobble.

8. TRAJECTORY: Appeared to be crossing the field of vision, rather than ascending or descending, at an estimated speed of 93 inches per second (see diagram of motion).

9. COMMENTS: (a) Not seen in the adjoining window areas, although it was a clear night as far as could be observed. (b) I am not familiar with jet aircraft at night, but speed occurred too slow for a jet plane. (c) No sound heard. Windows closed.

10. OBSERVER: Bay City, Michigan.

- page 9 -

This document contains a diagram with measurements and details about a room, but there is no photograph present.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

Northwest side of room
"A" to floor = 21"
"B" to floor = 51"

Northwest wall

Floor of room

Eye point "E"
was 26 above floor.
Distance E-A = 92" approximately
E-D = 105"
A-B = 27"

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be a questionnaire used for collecting information about sightings of unidentified flying objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 25 March 1953
2. Time of day: 3:32 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): b. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Bay City, Michigan
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 4-5 seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. a. Certain
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): d. Just a trace of daylight - slightly moonlight
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): d. To your left

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a report or document, containing a series of questions and answers related to observations of unidentified flying objects.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight --- pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?: (Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other ___

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: ________

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: ________

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent?

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle all that apply)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass No

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a form with questions and spaces to be filled out, but no actual photograph is visible.

The text found in the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None heard. Window was closed.
b. Color Greenish-grey. Like fluorescent paint on clock dial.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? One only.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

There is no visible photograph or image in the provided document. The document appears to be a page from a UFO report form or questionnaire, containing various questions and instructions related to describing the motion and appearance of a UFO object or objects.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Went behind wall or house.
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? If they were large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 14 -

This page of the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten description of a sighting.

27. This may be exaggerated but is based on notes made within 2 minutes after the observation: "Size about 1" to 2 "across - much larger than Venus, but about 1/2 size of dividing partition in window" The partition was visible against a lighter sky.

- page 15 -

