The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 21 JAN 52 0215-0230
2. LOCATION: Albuquerque, New Mexico
3. SOURCE: [redacted]
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5/2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Instrument
7. COURSE: [redacted]
8. PHOTOS: No (X) Yes ( )
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No (X) Yes ()
10. CONCLUSION: A preliminary analysis of this report indicates that this object could have been a bolide or meteor, possibly caused by a small meteorite entering the earth's atmosphere.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The object was observed on radar and a visual sighting was made in correlation. The object exhibited characteristics consistent with a bolide or meteor.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

Director of Intelligence 
4th Air Division (Defense)
Kirkland Air Force Base

3 February 1953

Capt. E. J. Ruppelt
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Dear Capt. Ruppelt:

I am enclosing a newspaper clipping out from the 1 February 1953 issue of the Albuquerque Journal.

You will note from the article that some photographs were taken of an aerial object on 29 January 1954 by cinematographer for a televisions news company. As a result of checking with Mr. Hensley, we learned that the undeveloped negatives were sent to Life magazine. We attempted to turn the photographs over to the Air Force but they had been sent to Life before we could obtain them.

I do not know what these photos may prove to be. I have an incompatibility of a meteor was ruled out by Dr. La Paz. I realize this information is rather indefinite. I thought it advisable to check with you before further investigation. Without the photos, his story is almost impossible to explore. I thought that you, if you think it advisable, could probably obtain the photos from Life.

Please advise if any further action is necessary on our part.

'Saucer' Is Sighted
in Technicolor
New Mexico airmen saw a strange
object with the camera-eye of a television
camera. The airmen photographed the silvery
object as it hovered over an airfield. 
According to the reports, the saucer shaped
craft, suspended motionless in the air, suddenly
shot upward at terrific speed and disappeared
into the clouds. The airmen said the light was so
intense that it lit up the ground and Theatre and
seemed to hover over the field for about 15 minutes
and then shoot away.

Gilman D. PARKER
Lt Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The text in the document is as follows:

11 February 1953

Lt Glen D. Parrish 
Director of Intelligence
5301 Air Dvision (Defense)
Kirtland AFB, New Mexico

Dear Glen:

I received your letter of 3 February 1953 and the enclosed clipping. Thanks for letting us know about this as we will probably get in on the sane somewhere anyway. His various clippings and data is rather interesting and inasmuch as the publicity has died down so that I doubt this particular investigation will get us much use, I am not sure just what we can do about this fellow, except to keep in touch with him and find out what happens and see that they have something are very willing to cooperate with the Air Force and Intelligence work.

When Lt Olsson and I were down at Kirtland, he may have mentioned the finding of the disc which they reported for a gliding at AFSZ. I checked and all I could find out was it was in the mill. I could not find out what has become of this incident since. As this present case they have quite a few applications they are receiving, and his problem is probably in that line.

In regard to the meeting we had with the Lee Olsson people, we checked and ascertained the details of their publication intentions and could find no correlation with rightness of unidentified flying objects, so we also eliminated their continued assistance on this matter. I hope they understand, though, as I do not wish to offend them as they were under the opinion that it was just one of those "freaks of nature" that they were aiming their attention to, the same thing, that they had not paid any attention to them. We are prejudiced to go on a bit more than they are, so will probably be seeing you in the near future.

Dont of luck and thanks for all the cooperation you have given us.

Yours very truly,

EDWARD J. RUPPELT
Captain, USAF

- page 3 -

