The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an official US Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP  
29 Feb 53  26/1239Z

2. LOCATION
Kingsville, Md

10. CONCLUSION POSSIBLE AIRCRAFT
Comments:
Since automobile was riding in an automobile, it is believed that the obj was not properly observed. There is a great possibility that the obj was a conventional aircraft.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
(Unusual luminous obj was sighted in the 15 approx 40 deg above horizon. Then first sighted obj appeared to be stationary and seemed to move in an 8 direction. Obj was last observed.)

FTD FORM 536-D-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a report document from Project Blue Book, a former United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

The text in the document reads as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
UNCLASSIFIED
4TH DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
BALTIMORE 3, MARYLAND
24-O-252
9 APR 1953
SUBJECT: FLIGHT - SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS ON 25 FEBRUARY 1953, AT KINGSVILLE, MARYLAND, AND REPORT STUDY CASE: USAF
SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO: Commanding General
Headquarters Command, USAF
Bolling Air Force Base
Washington 25, D.C.

1. This office has received two (2) Summary of Information Reports from the Baltimore Regional Office, 25th Air Detachment, SUBJECT: SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS. The details of these reports are summarized as follows:

SECURITY INFORMATION
12 MARCH 1953
"Between 0739 and 0740 hours, 25 February 1953, Captain _____, Medical Service Corps, Chief of Radiological Hygiene Division, Army Chemical Center, Maryland, who was on routine patrol in his personal automobile approximately three (3) miles west of Kingsville, Maryland, observed three (3) bright, round, luminous objects in the northeast sky. The objects appeared to be self-illuminated and about forty degrees above the horizon. The objects appeared to be traveling at the same speed or appeared stationary in relation to one another. The color temperature was about the same as that of the sun which is at that time approximately 900 F. One of the objects appeared to dim and brighten alternately at intervals of about one second. All three of the objects appeared to be at approximately the same altitude and distance. Clouds in the area at the time were scattered and the midsts [sic] or far edges of the clouds. The objects were first observed in the clear sky, between the clouds, and the last time they were observed was behind the clouds, so the midsts or far edges of the clouds. The object was in view for about five minutes."

The foregoing is a summary of the information received in this office, and no further inquiry is recommended at this time.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

UNCLASSIFIED
Sighting of Unidentified Aerial Objects on 26 Feb 53, at Kingsville, Md. and 9 Mar 53, at Baltimore, Md.
SUBJECT: SPECIAL INQUIRY
to be about two-thirds as long as the major axis.
and for an estimated forty seconds the aerial object remained the mirror-bright disc of the early sighting but after about fifteen seconds the brightness diminished somewhat.
First became apparent during this five-second period.
Appeared to be horizontal and the object moves at a constant speed of 700 yards per minute. It had reached a position thirty degrees above the horizon.
Pilot then lost sight of the object through a hill.
Qualified observers' qualifications as an observer are as follows:
20/20 vision corrected by eyeglasses. He has a Bachelor of Science degree from Carnegie Tech where he majored in physics.
Among his duties as Meteorologist Tech was a one year course in navigation principles with specific emphasis on aerial observations.
On numerous occasions has observed reflections from skies and flytrap-magnetic flares at various times and observed no similarities in color, brilliance and shape between the luminous aerial object and ordinary aircraft.
At 1600 hours, 26 February 1953, an agent of this office returned a call placed earlier by the interested party - the observer on Route 1 where the object was observed.
A compass bearing was obtained to the course of the object which indicated the aerial object and a reading of thirty degrees was obtained.
Watson's note: The 203rd AAA Battery, Catonsville, Maryland, was checked and no radar station was installed in this area.

- page 3 -

