The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the document titled "1953-07-6978159-Colville-Washington.pdf1.txt".

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP 6 July 53 6/1:1002
2. LOCATION Colville, Washington
3. SOURCE CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 2
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 2 HOURS
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Visual-Visual
7. COURSE
8. PHOTOS NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE NO
CONCLUSION Insufficient evidence to confirm

- page 1 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be the front page of a newspaper called "The Statesman" with the headline "Flying Saucer Watched from Colville's Observation Tower".

The Statesman
COLVILLE, WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1953
Examiner
Official City and County Paper 
10 Cents      18 PAGES

Flying Saucer Watched from Colville's Observation Tower
Strange Object in Sky Monday Morning
Three Colville skyvatchers report seeing a flying saucer in the skies early Wednesday morning. They are Mrs. Gerald Willett and Mrs. John Link, on the 'ground at the time, who saw the object from the tower.
The women said they first observed the strange object at about 4:30 a.m. and watched it for nearly two hours. They said it seemed to move at times and then stop, and that it appeared to be a lighted object in the sky.
Mrs. Link [sic] (Mrs. Willett) called the attention of her husband, who was in the tower, and he too watched the object. It seemed to move at times, Mrs. Link (Mrs. Willett) said, and at other times it appeared to be stationary. 
The area in which the object was seen is said to be between Old Dominion mountain and Campbell peak. Skyvatchers in the area are familiar with it and say this is the first time they have ever seen anything like it coming from that direction.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TWO MORE VIEWED "FLYING SAUCERS"
Colville, Washington
Note: The observation 'I reported in the article of 19 July,' could be explained by assuming a different plane or two saucer-like objects attached to a flying trip.

This object was characterized by a dazzling brilliance of sunlight. It appeared spherical, caught the light and reflected it with the brilliance of a mirror. Reflection from the light metal used on our planes. There were no wings.

Thomson said his mother-in-law, riding with him in the front seat, also saw the object. They watched it for several seconds, then it disappeared. They both saw the object and did not know what it was.

After the object was over his shoulder, Thomson, who was observing it, said suddenly it disappeared rapidly without sound.

Thomson added that he forwarded an account of the observation to the Canadian and US Air Force, which indicated for well authentication checking of aerial phenomena reports submitted to them.

"Unidentifiable Aerial Objcts. Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio.

- page 3 -

