There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: Summer 1953 1700 
2. LOCATION: Mt Vernon, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (TV)
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: As to (SATURN) In the approximate position since SATURN was probably in the general direction that the object was observed, however, no exact computation can be made since the data is not available and the items of sighting were not included.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object observed in 1953 though reinjected in 1965. 12.75 seconds after the sighting. Object was observed for 3 seconds moving from left to right about 5 PM. Saturn was observed through the telescope and could not be relocated. Witness stated why object could NOT have been the Planet SATURN and all four reasons he gave were incorrect.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Mrs. : man/SAPOICC/728h2/9 Sep 65
Dear Mr.
This is in reply to your report of an aerial object which you observed in 1953.
Your report has been forwarded to Dr. J. Allen Hynek, the civilian scientific consultant to Project Blue Book, for review.
Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
Sincerely,
JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civ. Branch
Committeeon Operations
Office of Information

There appears to be a section at the bottom of the document for "Coordinated by - SAPOI-2", "Checked by - SAPOI-2", "Received - SAPOI-1", "Activity of - SAPOI-2", and "Stayback".

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual depiction. It appears to be a scanned document from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

SEP 3 1955

TO: HQ USAF SAYDLOC (Mrs. ___)
WASH D C 20330

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 1953, Shaker Heights, Ohio

This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from Mt. Vernon, New York. The interesting observation is being forwarded to Dr. J. Allen Hynek for review. However, we will not attempt to offer any conclusions on this case as in the light of information his observations may be.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERES
COLONEL, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten page from an old document or report.

Text found in the document:

Dear Sir:
I assume U.F.O.'s have been seen in the vicinity of Mount Vernon, New York, on August 31, 1965, at about 9:45 P.M. Suddenly, while my neighbors and I were standing outside, my attention was drawn to a strange looking object in the sky. It was round, luminous and was traveling at a rapid rate of speed, making no sound whatsoever. The object had the appearance of being surrounded by a halo-like glow and was visible for about one minute, during which time it traversed the sky for approximately 45 degrees. Suddenly, with no perceptible change in its speed or direction, it disappeared from sight. This object had the same general characteristics as those described by many reliable witnesses of U.F.O. sightings, both civilian and military, and I am convinced that what I saw was of extraterrestrial origin.
I was unable to make any measurement of the object, nor to determine its precise altitude or distance from my observation point. However, from its apparent size and the speed with which it moved, I would estimate that it was a fairly large craft, possibly 50 to 100 feet in diameter, traveling at an altitude of several thousand feet. It is regrettable that I was unable to obtain a photograph of the object, as I had no camera available at the time. I trust, however, that this report of my observation will be of interest to you and will add to the growing body of evidence supporting the existence of U.F.O.'s.
I would be most grateful for any comment or information you might care to provide regarding this sighting.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Dear Mr. the report you mentioned did not seem to be in the file I received. I have looked it over very carefully and can find no mention of a report of a sighting near Mt. Vernon, New York. I am very sorry about this, but apparently the report you mentioned was not included in the material sent to me. If you have any further information on this sighting, I would be most interested in receiving it.

1) As noted, I do not have a report about the sighting in the vicinity of Mt. Vernon. As stated above, it was not included in the material I received.
2) If the sighting had been reported, more information would normally be expected, such as date, time, description of object, direction of movement, etc. Without these details, there is little I can do to pursue the matter further.
3) I do not foresee that some additional search would uncover a report of this sighting. Unless you are able to provide me with more specifics, I am afraid I cannot be of further assistance in locating any information on this incident.

I would appreciate it if you would furnish me with any additional details you may have concerning this sighting. Remember, it must be fairly recent (within 6 months) and no later were yet available.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]
M/Sgt, USAF

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a blank page with no visible photograph or text. The only visible element is a redacted or blacked-out portion at the bottom of the page.

Intercepted Dept.
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson ,,_  rts
Dayton, Ohio

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newsletter from the "C.R.I.F.O." organization, focusing on "Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects". The newsletter discusses various topics related to space and astronomy, including the upcoming movement of Mars, telescopic observations, and the "enigma of two unknown objects". It also lists the names of individuals who have accepted associate membership with the organization.

C.R.I.F.O. - NEWSLETTER
Vol. I No. 1

WATCH RED PLANET MARS! BY July, 1954, Mars will swing to within 40 million miles of the earth. This unusually close approach has alerted every possible source of "saucers" is getting geared for the event. Some authorities believe that the coming conjunction will produce a peak of sightings. Perhaps Keyhoe is right - The Air Force was informed of an invasion.... One indication of official concern is the tremendous effort being made to intensify observation to track the objects. This project is headed by astronomers, Dr. Kagle, Obermaier, and Dr. Lincoln La Paz.

ASTRONOMERS ALERTED... Mars rather than cosmic expansion will concern astronomers in Bloemfontein, South Africa where the telescopic perception is better. Bloom-fontein will soon again be the scene of exhaustive observations of the heavens beyond this world - as stated in Martian canals, atmospheric conditions, etc., this world-wide program of telescopic tracking and photographic recording is to determine if the reported observations are based on "scientific fact or fantasy." Some are convinced that Mars is uninhabited; others are convinced that the "two unknown objects" are regularly operating from this planet.

THE ENIGMA OF "TWO UNKNOWN OBJECTS"... What is the real significance of this phenomena to date is fragmentary and confusing. Frank Edwards, radio commentator, first reported the discovery of the "two unknown objects" by an unnamed radio-physicist, proclaimed in an address to the British Assn. of Advance-ment of Science that Britain and America's had identified radar objects as "two unknown objects of unique character" and described them as "discovered in interplanetary space." 

On March 12, Frank Edwards again revealed official concern over the two objects when he disclosed that an official report between British and American scientists had been presented at the Pentagon. These objects, states Edwards, were not seen prior to 1947. Scientists in White Sands are examining information, but CRIFO will pass along what information is obtainable.

The following named men have accepted Associate Membership with CRIF0:
Thaddeus W. Culmer II - Robinson, Illinois
Dean A. Mitchell - Cincinnati, Ohio
James Moseley - presently in Lima, Peru

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

"NO CASE" (INFORMATION ONLY)
-2-

FOUR MYSTERY PHOTOS OF HOVERING OBJECT
REVIEWED ATAT[IC - THEN SILENT

The identification of aerial objects in photographs is sometimes difficult, -- especially so when the photographer is unknown and cannot be contacted for amplification or details.

Such was the case recently. On Feb. 12, 1954 this writer received in the mail four photographs reportedly received by the [town name in text] concerning a reported [town name] sighting of an unidentified aerial object on or about February 5, 1954.  Each of the four photos show the object about 200 ft. above a ridge of trees.

Picture #1 shows a blickish cloud like speck or object accompanying an apparent metallic object. The tape-measured portion of the object is illuminated by a bright light while the opposite end is in darker illumination. This seems unusually characteristic -- which, according to the observer, "seemed to be coming from the bottom of the object." No sounds reported as coming from the object.

Picture #2 a shows a blickish cloud like speck or object about 40 feet in diameter in the center of the octogon-shaped object. In view is a flat octagon-shaped object about 200 ft. in diameter. The manner in which the object is propelled is indicated by the fact that it was moving (4 mph) against the wind.

Many questions remain, but all attempts to contact the witness have failed. His name apparently identifiable only as "[town name in text]," but he added "if the photos proved of value," he could be reached through the P.O. Box [town name]. However, got no results.

I next visited the Air Force Office of Special Investigations who promptly phoned [town name] Police Department and obtained a description of the photos, and, being adequately evasive to my questions, they accomplished both!

There were various other steps taken to procure comment. On the surface of one photo, Lab Technicians had applied a glossy colloidal substance to the edges from which I should obtain data definitive analysis. Summarily, the object's identity remains UNKNOWN. At first glance, this writer was convinced that the "octagon-shaped" portion of a self-dis-integrating type of balloon, but a framework minus its balloon would not now account for its presence. Photographic analysis disclosed that the device could be the framework of a "calibrating" balloon, used in conjunction with the updraft to such thin rarity density devices, not a balloon, but some instrument or photographic means of measuring atmospheric conditions and temperature at high altitudes. But once again, what of the object's curved upward course, and its flying against the wind, continues the inflated balloon?

- page 8 -

