The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 25 JUL 53 1900-2000
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
10. CONCLUSION: Data not sufficient to permit valid evaluation.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Data received is not sufficient to permit valid evaluation.
FTD DSIP 13-0-129 (TOE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with various fields filled out, including the date, time, location, source, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, and physical evidence.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3-17-53
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
3. SOURCE: OBSERVATIONS REFLECT
4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: UNKNOWN
5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL
7. COURSE: UNKNOWN
8. PHOTOS: NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NO
10. CONCLUSION: UNIDENTIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document detailing a report of a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Text from the document:

Information received from a civilian source by the ATIC DUTY OFFICER.

1) Object sighted from back yard of residence at 1519 Corray Drive, Dayton, Ohio. From this point, the object appeared to be at an altitude of 4,000' over W-PAFB in a NE direction.

2) Object sighted 25 July 1953 or 1950 about 3:30 p.m.

3) Object was visible for a few seconds, then disappeared, and reappeared, alternately for a total of three to four minutes. Mrs. Frank Lutz first observed the object while lying on her back on a picnic bench. The object was also observed by her husband.

4) Condition of the sky was bright daylight.

5) Object appeared to travel horizontally. At first the lady stated that the object traveled vertically, then changed her mind...Speed was estimated by the lady's husband to be 40-50 MPH.

6) Object was observed by the naked eye(no glasses). It was very small, like a balloon, and sharply defined. Could not estimate the diameter. It revolved about an axis while traveling horizontally. Could not estimate speed of rotation. Made no noise.

7)Object appeared white. Did not have radiation of light or a glow.

8) Lady believed the object to be some kind of weather balloon but she wanted to call in because she wasn't sure.

A/ Alfred J. Schmidt
USAF
ATIC Duty Officer

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 JUL 53 2330/GMT
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Private citizen
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: Not given
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: It is the opinion of this observer that the object seen was an unidentified flying object of an unusual nature. The object was observed to be round, silver in color, and approximately 30-40 feet in diameter. It was traveling at a high rate of speed and appeared to change direction and altitude rapidly during the observation.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The object was observed to be round in shape, silver in color, and approximately 30-40 feet in diameter. It was observed for approximately 10 seconds during which time it was seen to change direction and altitude rapidly. The witness was unable to identify the object as any known aerial vehicle.

- page 4 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a page from a document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the image is as follows:

27 July 1953

2230 - Mr. -----, North Dayton, called in a "Flying Saucer" report. He stated that while sitting in his yard at 10:15 P.M. in North Dayton he observed an object in the sky pointed star-spinning around. When it started to move towards the field, he called his sister. He stated that she saw the light also. He said that it went off for a few seconds then came back on. At one time he referred to this object as a light twirling around like a flying saucer. Time of sighting - 22:27 Weather - clear - full moon. Mr. -------- can be reached at EX 1094.

Conclusion: Probably weather balloon launched at Sulphur Grove.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a US Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a handwritten entry.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and acted upon as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you have already given in your initial information report, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

The handwritten text on the form describes an unidentified bright object that was observed moving over a farm. The object was initially bright and white, and then changed shape to a circular form with a red glow on the underside. It then went off at a high speed and did not shine in the sunlight. The observer states that the object was difficult to believe and would have trouble getting anyone to believe what they saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the page is handwritten and discusses the author's thoughts and perspectives on UFOs, the nature of the universe, and the possibility of extraterrestrial life.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Speaks: I might add, no paper trails were seen.

I realize because of the laws of physics, the impossibility of travel as known, and also that humans are able to study and know at most only a small fraction of the total of all that has been developed to the present in science and such types of knowledge as are known, we must conclude that there are other "higher-evolved" beings than we ourselves, perhaps, who may have developed in the last 100,000 years, perhaps, we still now realizing the problems and working out the details on a scale which is completely remote for our own imagination, not to speak of actual scientific knowledge.

I am the one before believing in outer space people.

If "saucers" are space experimentation of our own government, I am convinced something is going on.

- page 7 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various sections related to describing the weather conditions, when the object was reported, and the observer's opinions about the object.

34. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Overcast
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. WHEN DID YOU REPORT TO SOME OFFICIAL THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT?
[Redacted]

36. WAS ANYONE ELSE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
36.1 IF YOU ANSWERED YES, WHAT WAS THE NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE OTHER PERSON(S)?
36.2 [Redacted]

37. WAS THIS THE FIRST TIME THAT YOU HAD SEEN AN OBJECT OR OBJECTS LIKE THIS?
37.1 IF YOU ANSWERED NO, THEN WHEN, WHERE, AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES DID YOU SEE OTHER ONES?
[Redacted]

38. IN YOUR OPINION, WHAT DO YOU THINK THE OBJECT WAS AND WHAT MIGHT HAVE CAUSED IT?
[Redacted]

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a questionnaire filled out.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)      Yes
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1,000 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One)      No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 20 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present job? office work
Age: 33 Sex: female
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school 
b. High school
c. College CEDARVILLE COLLEGE
d. Post graduate SOME GRADUATE WORK

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 
    3 30 1952

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Output of the OCR text:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
a. (inside a building) c,om_a. home
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea 
f. Other _

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In a rural or open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield? 
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Lengthy handwritten response]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _ degrees. 
b. From horizon _ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _ degrees.
b. From horizon _ degrees.

- page 10 -

The image contains two sketches. The larger sketch shows a curved horizon line with an object in the sky above it. The smaller sketches depict the object's position from two different viewpoints, labeled "A" and "B".

Text Output:
32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.
33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) document.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.
NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 6 JULY 1953

The text in the document describes an event where the observer saw an unidentified object traveling low and fast. The object was red in color and had a westerly heading. The observer indicated that the object "traveled like a meteor", but was larger and slower. No further details or descriptions are provided in the text.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program established in 1952 to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Paced, Circling
b. Color: White, very bright, star-like

17. Draw a sketch that will show the shape of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.
They were moving, then hover-craft

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle one):  
a. Sharply outlined 
b. Blurred
c. Like a bright star with haze
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
1. They appeared close together (around 2 miles)  
2. Left one shot over past right one
3. Then back to the left again and did some maneuvering and down and up in very rapid steps and left together as they had appeared

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a handwritten document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Penny
f. Half dollar
g. Silver dollar
h. Basketball
i. Grapefruit
j. Baseball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following that indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
1. Fairly certain 
2. Not very sure
3. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Slowly, rapidly, suddenly, behind something, etc.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what material would you have to make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it take? In fact, go into as much detail as you can in describing how you would construct the object if you had the opportunity to do so.

I would have to be a circular object, slightly larger than a basketball, with no vapor trails. I can't think of any other materials or details to construct it precisely. There were no other visual cues that I could use to make a accurate representation of what I saw. It appeared and disappeared rapidly, and left no other visible signs.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that have been observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be treated as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make unless you request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? ??????? Day - Month - Year
2. Time of day: Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Metropolis - City or Town State or Country
Additional remarks:
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. Minutes Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at it? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your back e. Don't remember

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions and answer options related to sighting characteristics such as the appearance of stars, moon, and the observed object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember 
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight -- pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? (Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away?

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know f. Have a trail? Yes No Don't Know g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [no response provided]

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [no response provided]

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?: (Yes or No for each) a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No 7. Binoculars Yes No 8. Telescope Yes No 9. Theodolite Yes No h. Other [no response provided]

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned text document from Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text in the document:

Maters:
I understand you are the center where data on flying saucers is now being compiled.
On April 8, 1030, about 8:50 p.m. I was standing in my yard in Salineville, Ohio, when I observed an object in the sky moving in a very strange and erratic manner. The object appeared to be about the size of a dime held at arm's length. It was very bright silver in color, and seemed to be tumbling or rotating as it moved. It changed direction very abruptly several times, at one point making a very sharp turn. It moved at a rapid speed, disappearing from sight in a few seconds. The sky was clear, and I had a perfect view of the object. I am a veteran in my 50s, and this is the first time I have seen anything like this. While I understand your center is interested in this type of report, I hesitate to make any positive identification of what I saw. I merely want to report my observation in the event it may be of interest or value. Please let me know if you have any questions.
Sincerely yours,

NOTE: This witness certainly was impressed. He said that "they had had one other call...like mine, some time ago" for which they are now following up. Apparently, they have been receiving quite a few calls like this from apparently reliable observers, and are taking action to follow them up, so this one will undoubtedly be added to their files.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force technical information sheet regarding unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: 30 Month: 7 Year: 1953

2. Time of day: 
Hour: 21 Minute: 00 
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific  

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
At residence at Dayton, Ohio, State or Country

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.
Hours: 0 Minutes: 10 Seconds: 0

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Hazy c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. Moonlight f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten text describing an observation. The text mentions a "glowing mass" that was observed and describes its characteristics, including its size and movement. The text also mentions that it took a photograph of the object, which covered an area of about 30 seconds.

To captain a game of hindsight an investigation into the scene a bright light was observed in the sky on the evening of 6 July 1953, near Dayton, Ohio. 

Object was round, luminous the size of the moon's apparent disc. It moved rapidly down to near horizon, almost hovering at a distance, then shot upward at a fast rate of speed. Witness had a camera and took a timed exposure of approximately 30 seconds.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, with a series of questions and answer choices related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

3. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many  
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? 
(Circle One):
a. Yes
b. No
c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): 
a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? 
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off something like a br ightness? 
e. Change shape?
f. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

(Yes/No/Don't Know)

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes/ No/ Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): 
Yes/ No/ Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): 
a. Solid?
b. Transparent?
c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
(Yes/No)
a. Eyeglasses         
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass
e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Camera

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

The text from the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound _____________________________
b. Color ___white no pattern top and bottom___

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Lika a bright star
                   c. Sharply outlined
                   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

215 o'clocks

- page 21 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image on this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page consists entirely of text with questions and instructions.

Here is the text from the document:

20.* Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its largest dimension.
_______________

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Nickel
b. Dime
c. Quarter
d. Fifty Cent piece
e. Silver dollar
f. Football
g. Grapefruit
h. Basketball
i. Other

23.1 (Circle One of the following:)
a. Entirely certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? _____________________

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. If that type material would you make it? How large could it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 22 -

This page of the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or form with various questions about a sighting of an unidentified object.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the rural country?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true north and also the number of degrees it was elevated from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees. 
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions and checkboxes.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
  34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
    a. Clear sky
    b. Partly cloudy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds
    e. Don't remember
  34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
    a. Dry
    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Snow
    e. Don't remember
  34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
    a. Cold
    b. Cool
    c. Warm
    d. Hot
    e. Don't remember
35. What did your report to some official that you had seen the object?
36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
  36.1 IF you answered YES, how many saw the object too?
  36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
  37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
38. In your opinion what is you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 24 -

