The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a pre-formatted form filled out.

DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 May 53 - 10/2/1902
LOCATION: Los Angeles, California 
SOURCE: Civilian
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 7 - 8 seconds
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
COURSE: Rising
PHOTOS: None
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
CONCLUSION: HALL GLANCE, METEORITE. Situation is not unusual as some form of natural disturbance. This could possibly be a meteorite or other celestial phenomenon for which no specific identification could be made.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

27 June 1958

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is to acknowledge your letter of 1 June 1958 concerning the subject of unidentified flying objects.

The sightings you refer to have been evaluated as possible balloons. The long time interval between sighting and reporting these objects precludes a more accurate analysis at this late date.

For your information, I am enclosing the latest report of Defense that bears on the subject of unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Office of Information Services

Mr. [redacted]
National Life Insurance Company
600 Carondelet Building
New Orleans, Louisiana

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. 

Transmittal of Letter

TO: SAFIS-3, Major Tacker
FROM: AGIN-LB

1. Mr. ------- sightings were evaluated as "possible balloons."
2. There is a U.S. Weather Bureau Balloon-launching site in Sacramento which possibly launched a balloon November 15, 1952 just prior to his sighting. 
3. On May 6, 1952 there was lighting of a balloons or object descending and came to rest directly over his head at an altitude of five feet, which case it would have been sitting on his head. The object remained motionless for about 5 minutes and then gave off a bright glow or take a couple of inches in size. It was described as a deep blood red and it wasn't reported until the latter part of 1954.

2. Fm ltr dtd 7 Dec 54
3. Cy ltr untd fm

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is a letter from the National Life Insurance Company in Montpelier, Vermont, dated May 9, 1953, addressed to John F. White. The letter discusses some insurance-related matters and does not mention any UFO-related information.

NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
MONTPELIER, VERMONT
GENERAL AGENCY
200-218 MARIETTA BUILDING
ATLANTA 3, GEORGIA
TELEPHONE RA 1-1212

JOHN F. WHITE
NEW GENERAL INSURANCE
PHONE: 54473

May 9, 1953

Mr. John F. White
New General Insurance
Atlanta, Georgia

Dear Sir:

This will acknowledge receipt of your letter of May 6th, together with draft for $25.00, which amount has been credited to your account.

The matter of your commissions on the Federal Employees' Group Life Insurance Plan has been reviewed and I find that your commission rate is 15% on first year premiums. This rate has been in effect since the inception of the Plan.

There must have been some misunderstanding as to the commissions on this business, and I regret that I cannot agree to an increase in the rate over that which has been in effect.

Thanking you for your interest in our Company, and assuring you of our desire to be of service, I am

Yours very truly,
[Signature]

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an old UFO investigation program. The text in the document is as follows:

Dear Mr. White:

Thank you for your recent letter which described your observations of a flying object over Seattle, Washington.

It is very probably true that the Air Force has had a major sighting program in this field for the past several years, and your report will be turned over to our analysts for further evaluation.

For your information, we are constantly receiving new reports and information concerning the unidentified flying object situation, and are making every effort to correlate and evaluate all such data as it becomes available in this field.

Very truly yours,

JOSEPH A. BLOUNT
In Charge of Investigations
LA CONNELLY OF INTELLIGENCE

Possible Explanation:
BALLOON

- page 5 -

Unfortunately, the provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which details a UFO sighting report.

The text in the document is as follows:

Seattle, Washington

Chief Intelligence Officer
Intelligence Office 
United States Air Forces
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

I would like to report, as a matter of official record, an occurrence that I believe may be of some interest, at least as a matter of official record.

In Sacramento, California, on about November 15, 1952, it was my privilege to witness a strange occurrence in the sky at a height of about 100 feet. The time was about 5:30 p.m. I observed this white stone it moved across the sky in a very rapid and erratic direction. The observation was made in the rear of my residence at 4:30 p.m.

On approximately May 20, 1953, in the city of Los Angeles, it was my privilege to observe the same white stone. The time was about 9:30 a.m. and it was almost directly overhead and slightly from the northwest. It came to rest abruptly over the area of about 1.5 feet altitude and obviously was controlled in some way. It remained exactly stationary for a few moments and then it dashed almost directly overhead and slightly from the northwest. It came to rest abruptly over the area of about 1.5 feet altitude and obviously was controlled in some way. It remained exactly stationary for a few moments and then it dashed off in a rapid and erratic direction that reminded me for its appearance and dimension of football game and which was what it at first. We about the same extent and size.

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain a typed document, but does not contain any photographs. As per the instructions, I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

John T. White, O-539041

-2-

As soon as it had halted above my head, (I did not take my eyes from it) a small white cloud surrounded it. This was very unusual because the cloud was created from particles drawn together as though with some electrical force. There was a faint smell of sweet perfume in the air at this time.

The stone and cloud remained above my head for about five minutes and then very slowly ascended upwards until out of sight. Its ascension was slow requiring about 3 or 4 minutes.

Because of the nature of this observation I believe that you might be interested in the information at hand, since a collection of such information may help you in solving the appearance of other unidentified phenomena sighted by other persons.

My 20/20 vision is available to you and my training in anti-aircraft observation is a matter of record.

I hereby swear this to be true under my oath as an officer of the Air Forces of The United States.

Please inform me if you receive this communication. I suspect there may be a higher intelligence to be indicated for obvious reasons though any practical reason escapes me.

Sincerely yours,
2d Lt., USAFR

- page 7 -

