The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically Project 10073 Record, dated 15 July 1953, with the location listed as Richland, Washington.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15 July 1953
2. LOCATION: Richland, Washington
3. SOURCE: 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION:
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
7. COURSE:
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: INFORMATION ONLY
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: This case was reported in March-April 1966. Since the actual sighting and reporting were this long ago, it is almost impossible to check it out. Also due to the time lag, the pertinent data has probably become distorted. Therefore this case is considered Information Only.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, listing sightings from July 1953 and their evaluations.

SIGHTINGS FOR JULY 1953
DATE LOCATION EVALUATION
31 Greela, Alabama Probably Astronomical - Meteor
29 Springfield, Ohio Probably Balloon
26 Dayton, Ohio Balloon 
26 Nellis AF Base, Nevada Probably Balloon - UAR
25 Tinker, AF Base, Oklahoma Weather Balloon
25 Washington, D. C. Probably Astronomical
25 Dayton, Ohio Insufficient Data
25 Perrin AF Base, Texas Possibly Balloon
25 Central House, Alaska Balloon
24 Key West, Florida Other - Probably searchlight on aircraft
22 Atlantic City, New Jersey Insufficient Data
20 Offutt AF Base, Nebraska Unsolved
19 La Grande, Oregon Balloon - UAR
18 Key West, Florida Insufficient Data
18 Sheridan, Wyoming Probably Astronomical - Meteor
18 Brooklyn, New York Probably Aircraft
14 Fairborn, Ohio Probably Balloon
14 Opportunity, Montana Insufficient Data
13 Shaw AF Base, South Carolina Possibly Astronomical - Meteor
12 Adrian, Michigan Possibly Balloon
11 Godman AF Base, Kentucky Astronomical
10 Forrest City, Arkansas Possibly Balloon
9 Ft. Worth, Texas Possibly Aircraft
9 Sheppard AF Base, Texas Possibly Aircraft
8 Cowville, Washington Probably Astronomical

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a list of sightings for the month of July 1953, their locations, and evaluations.

UNCLASSIFIED

Sightings for the month of July 1953 continued

DATE LOCATION EVALUATION
8 Tinker AF Base, Oklahoma Probably Balloon
7 Atlanta, Georgia Other - None 
6 Stillwater, Oklahoma Other - Searchlight reflections
4 Tinker AF Base, Oklahoma Balloon
3 Middletown, New York Possibly Aircraft
3 Tipp City, Ohio Unsolved
3 Reno, Nevada Astronomical - Venus
3 Pessoens, Wisconsin Possibly Aircraft
2 Tinker AF Base, Oklahoma Unsolved
2 Shaw AF Base, South Carolina Probably Astronomical
1 La Grande, Oregon Possibly Balloon
1 Ramona, Ontario, Canada Probably Astronomical

UNCLASSIFIED
T53-11156

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Acting as an OCR system, the text in the document reads:

"NO CASES (INFORMATION ONLY)
Source: Flying Saucer Magazine May 1958

"On the evening of July 3, 1953, while watching the clearance of a rain squall over my backyard and taking a look, my attention opened to about 8 feet. It was very powerful while watching a series of bright lights travel over the treetops. A suddenly spotted the rim of a black surface begin to protrude at the lower left edge of the lights. This rim or black surface was very thin and gave the appearance of some metallic surface. The lights stopped and the object remained motionless for several seconds in this position. It then began to tilt slowly from the original horizontal position to about a 45 degree angle, and then it swiftly accelerated and disappeared from view. The whole observation covered a period of about 1 minute.

I SAW A FLYING SAUCER

Lower edge, but enough was sighted to indicate this was an EXCELLENT description. It was immense! With a sort of glow around the outer edge. I could distinguish the pale black disc was moving along very slowly and smoothly from left to right of the moon so that I was able to take CAREFUL note of its contours. Humps on the outer edge, and these exhaust(?) were moving reciprocally (left to right). As the object righted itself to the direct center of the moon, I was able to detect a thin vapor or dark smoke trailing behind them evaporated into nothingness, just as the exhaust smoke from one of our engines when it is idling."

C. St. Louis, Illinois

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text.

NORTH ATLANTIC 
First Officer A. G. Seirts of the Panamanian SS Nassau, Capt. S. Pietilla, Master, sighted a "brilliant meteor" on 7 July 1953, at 0930 G.M.T. in Lat. 59°12' N., Lon. 74°00' W. A brilliant meteor was observed. The meteor appeared to strike the ocean about 2 miles ahead of the ship and traveled horizontally for several miles before disappearing. The head of this meteor was yellow-white in color and was considered as bright as 1°-2° angle. Splintered behind for a distance of approximately 5 miles. Remained visible for about 7-8 minutes after which it suddenly vanished in the vicinity of Veve off Weatber chain, barometer 30.20 inches, temperature air 77° F., wind S., force 1.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a scanned document or page from a report. The text in the document describes an "ABNORMAL REFRACTION" observed by Second Officer Fiore Roschie of the SS. Evelyn G. Capt. F. Pieroni, Master. The report details two occasions where the ship's lights were affected by an abnormal refraction, with the lights appearing to be higher than their actual position. The document provides details on the weather conditions and observations made during these incidents.

ABNORMAL REFRACTION

Second Officer Fiore Roschie of the SS. Evelyn G. Capt. F. Pieroni, Master, reports that on two occasions, while en route from Goode to Ballinstone, his ship's lights were affected by an abnormal refraction. On one occasion, a light which was estimated to be about 1000 sun sight, taken by three different observers, was apparently in error and was carried over to the moon position on the morning of July 15, almost perpendicular to the ship's course. On the other occasion, the refraction can be made for the observation of the morning-star and moon and that from the moon position and evening stars. On both occasions the calculated upward spread during the evening period.

Weather fair, temperature air 73° F. dry, 74° F. wet, sea 83° F.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MAY EXPLAIN CRATER
'Shooting Stars' Seen
By Two Men At Dillon
DILLON, S. C. Aug. 1 (/P) — The reports were made by two persons that they had seen two objects falling from the sky about 9 p.m. Thursday.
These objects, the reports said, resembled "shooting stars" and were observed as they fell to the ground near Dillon. One witness said his attention was attracted by a "huge crater" found near Dillon shortly after the incident.
Sheriff Pete Rogers has speculated that the objects may have been caused by lightning, but stated that an analysis would be made by Clemson College.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed written report describing an observation of a UFO incident. The text in the report describes the observer's experience of seeing a "flying saucer" in the sky on the evening of July 3, 1955. The report provides details about the object's appearance, movement, and the observer's observations.

Transcription of the text in the document:

"Source: Flying Saucer Magazine May 1958

On the evening of July 3, 1955, noticing the clearness of a full moonlit sky I was very much impressed to take my telescope into my backyard and taking a look at the moon. To my surprise what I saw was very powerful. While watching a series of black disk travel over the edge or rim of the moon's disk, suddenly at the lower left edge of the rim of a black surface begin to protrude as the lower left edge of the moon's rim. Very slowly but surely it's every increasing in size until it was about the size of my thumb held at arm's length. This great black disc was rotating and was brightly lighted. I carefully watched this CAREFUL VISUAL OBSERVATION until it finally moved out of sight behind the trees. This great black disc was rotating and was brightly lighted. I carefully watched this CAREFUL VISUAL OBSERVATION until it finally moved out of sight behind the trees.

HAROLD PAPIN
697 N. 70th St.,
E. St. Louis, Illinois."

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation, specifically a report about an unidentified flying object observed on July 7, 1953 by First Officer A.G. Scarpa of the Panamanian SS Nassau. The text in the document describes the characteristics of the observed object, which was a brilliant meteor that suddenly vanished after a few seconds.

The text in the document is as follows:

"The Photographic Office is cooperating with astronomers who are studying meteors. Their observations of these bodies are greatly assisting in this work. It is desired to have the Greenwich time and point of appearance, course and disappearance of all meteors observed to determine their orbits and velocities. This information is of special importance as it may determine wind direction in the upper atmosphere.

NORTH ATLANTIC

First Officer A. G. Scarpa of the Panamanian SS. Nassau, Capt. N. Perilli, Master, reports that on July 7, 1953, at 9900 G.M.T., at Lat. 39°12' N., Lon. 64°09' W., a brilliant meteor was observed. The motion appeared to be horizontal, and from the consolidation of Traw. The head of this meteor was yellow-white in color and was considered as bright as Topaz. Single brilliant behind for a distance of seconds and then it suddenly vanished in the vicinity of Vega. Weather clear, no clouds."

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

ABNORMAL RETRACTION
NORTH ATLANTIC
Second Officer Piero Baistricchi of the Italian SS. Eugenio C, Capt. F. Pieroni, left Genoa for Baltimore, sun nights were affected by an abnormal horizon depression. On the 15th and 20th July 1953, the phenomena, known by at least 16 different observers, was apparently in error, and has been brought to the attention of the authorities for explanation.
Mr. Bajtric sates that no other explanation can be made for the phenomenon depression of the horizon than the run from the bottom of the ship to the horizon, observations and evening star. 
On both occasions the calculated speed during the morning period was more than the speed during the evening period.

- page 10 -

The image contains a newspaper clipping with the headline "Shooting Stars' Seen By Two Men At Dillon". The article describes an incident where two men in Dillon, South Carolina reported seeing two objects falling or "shooting stars" in the sky. The article notes that the objects were observed for only a short time and were smaller than the first. The article was extracted from the August 2nd edition of the "Charlotte Observer" newspaper.

30 July 1953 2100 Local
Dillon, North Carolina

MAY EXPLAIN CRATER

"Shooting Stars" Seen 
By Two Men At Dillon

DILLON, S.C., Aug. 1 (AP) - Two men, E.L. Wells and H.S. Mann, reported seeing two objects like "shooting stars" falling near Dillon about 9:30 p.m. yesterday. The South Carolina Highway Patrol said the men told them the objects were a bright reddish orange and were traveling in a horizontal direction. They said the first was larger than the second and was only visible for about 30 seconds. The second was even smaller and was discovered in less time. 
The men said the objects appeared to be about 10 miles distant and were just above the horizon. The men said they may have explained the recent crater discovered near Dillon which has not been accounted for.
Today a dillon man was to take samples to the Federal Bureau of Investigation for analysis.

This article extracted from August 2nd edition of the "Charlotte Observer"
Charlotte, North Carolina.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or page from a Project Blue Book file.

Richland, Washington 99352  
29 Mar 66  
Major H. Quintanella Jr.  
Commanding Officer  
USAF Detachment  
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base  
Dayton, Ohio  

Dear Sir,  
I am forwarding copies of correspondence I initiated some 13 years ago in the hope that I might be of assistance to your program. I have never had the slightest cooperation because I realize your security offices would do any more to this occurrence. At the time, photographs were returned with the remark that I was, "too technical" & not allowed to discuss it personally. I have never had the courtesy of a reply for my trouble.  

Due to the present reawakening of interest, I thought that the attached might lend more additional data or because of the time interval deserve some unless filed explanation.  

Very truly yours,

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a table listing various UFO sightings and details about them, such as the location, observer, and evaluation.

31 JULY 1953 SIGHTINGS

LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION

Chesterton, Virginia G.E. Watlington Military Aircraft
Los Angeles, California (Civ.) Aircraft
Brooklyn, New York L.A. Dornard, Gardener Aircraft
Las Cruces, New Mexico (Corp.) Aircraft
Warrington, Pennsylvania (Corp. (Military)) Aircraft
Atlantic City, New Jersey (Civilian) Aircraft
Miami, Florida (Military) Aircraft
Jacksonville, Florida W.H. Veal, T/Sgt, USAF Balloon
Paradise, Pennsylvania (Civilian) Aircraft
Mauston, Wisconsin (Civilian) Missile
Denver, Colorado (Civilian) Aircraft
Vinora, Nevada (Military) Aircraft
Canton, Ohio (Civilian) Balloon
Greenfield, Massachusetts (Civilian) Balloon
Springfield, Ohio (Civilian) Balloon
Stanley, Missouri "Unexplainable"

This is the text I was able to extract from the image using OCR (Optical Character Recognition).

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. 

The text in the document reads as follows:

Federal Bureau of Investigation
Building 702
Richland, Washington

16 July 1953

Gentlemen:

On the afternoon of July 15th 1953 I had taken off the afternoon shift and was entering my automobile to return home when I noticed an object in the sky which appeared to be a bright star and it attracted my attention. The object appeared to be about 30 seconds to a minute in size and to be moving at a very rapid and erratic manner. I spotted an object in the sky which appeared to be a bright star and it attracted my attention. I called one of the other employees who also spotted the object and we observed it for approximately 30 to 60 seconds. 

As about 14:30 hours we sighted a bright shimmering object at what seemed to be a north northeast direction from us and at an elevation of about 60 degrees. It appeared to move in a rather erratic manner, changing direction and speed from time to time. As this was happening, we were convinced that they were not any known type of aircraft. At this time we were convinced that they were birds, but had not yet determined what kind of birds they were. I continued to observe the object and noticed that it was hovering and darted back and forth to the west and disappeared. Still not giving this much thought, it was continued to be discussed for the night's work, but no complete report was made as at the time I did not feel that it was necessary to report this matter to the authorities. 

At first I thought I had found a large bird, but closer examination proved to be an unusual object. I again gave the object an inspection and I was then convinced that it was not a helicopter with the rotor variation rate that I had observed. I can assure you that I have had considerable experience in identifying aircraft and this object did not conform to any known type of aircraft. Under close observation it had suddenly disappeared.

The object appeared to be shiny and circular in shape, somewhat larger than a basketball in size. Under close observation the object appeared to hover at times and then move rapidly away, then return to the original position. This performance lasted for a period of approximately 30 to 60 seconds. It was very bright, shining and reflecting the sunlight. The fact that it was so bright and the movement was so erratic led me to believe that this was not any known type of aircraft. The object appeared to move in a horizontal and vertical direction with no noise or other characteristic that would identify it as a known type of aircraft. This was a puzzling situation to me, and I made no further report as at the time I did not feel it was justified to report this matter to the authorities.

Hoping this information will be of some assistance, I remain,

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]

- page 14 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram. The main feature of the diagram appears to be a star-like shape labeled "LUMINESCENT PURE WHITE" with an "INDISTINCT EDGE" underneath. Below this, there is a sketch labeled "AS APPEARING IN GLASS" which shows a circular shape with a diameter of "13 MIN FIELD".

The text in the document reads:

This is a continuation of previous report which contains the same subject, and here we forward a further supplemental report for consideration.

As requested, we are willing to change or do not go to short description being adequate.

Sincerely yours
[Signature redacted]

- page 15 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs or images. It is a typed letter from the United States Department of Interior, Federal Bureau of Investigation, addressed to Richland, Washington, dated August 5, 1953.

The text in the document is as follows:

United States Department of Interior
Federal Bureau of Investigation
1035 Second Avenue
Seattle 4, Washington
August 5, 1953

Richland, Washington

Dear Sir:

This will acknowledge your recent letter concerning the unusual object sighted by you in the vicinity of Richland, Washington. On the day the letter was received this letter was referred to the Security Division of the Armed Forces Security Agency since it appeared that such information would be of primary interest to that organization and to the Army Air Forces.

You may be assured that your report will be treated factually. In the event any of the investigated services desire to contact you further, they will probably do so directly. 

I appreciate your interest in referring this matter to me, and hope that any inquiries from other official sources which may think might be made will be referred to me.

Very truly yours,

R. D. AUERBACH 
Special Agent in Charge

- page 16 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a table with a list of numbered sightings, including the date, location, and some additional notes.

FOLDER #2
JULY 1953 SIGHTINGS
1-2-34

NUMBER   DATE   LOCATION
1         14    Fairborn, Ohio
2         14    Opportunity, Montana  
3         13    Shaw AFB, S. Carolina
4         12    Adrian, Michigan
5         11    Godman AFB, Kentucky
6         10    Forrest City, Arkansas
7         9     Sheppard AFB, Texas
8         9     Ft. Worth, Texas
9         8     Tinker AFB, Oklahoma
10        8     Colvilie, Washington
11        7     Atlanta, Georgia
12        6     Tinker AFB, Oklahoma
13        4     Tinker AFB, Oklahoma
14        3     Fremont, Wisconsin
15        3     Tipp City, Ohio
16        3     Middletown, New York
17        3     .39/32º---119/4w, Reno, Nevada
18        2     Shaw AFB, S. Carolina
19        2     Tinker AFB, Oklahoma

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a list of locations and dates.

JULY 1953 SIGHTINGS

Folder #1
1 29 - Springfield, Ohio
2 23 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
3 26 - Las Vegas, Nevada
4 26 - Dayton, Ohio
5 26 - Tinker A.F.B, Oklahoma
6 25 - Dayton, Ohio
7 25 - Charleston, Oregon
8 25 - Central House, Alaska
9 25 - Washington, D.C.
10 24 - Key West, Florida
11 22 - Atlantic City, New Jersey
12 20 - Omaha A.F.B, Nebraska
13 19 - Colorado Springs, Colorado
14 19 - La Grande, Oregon
15 18 - Brooklyn, New York
16 18 - Sheridan, Wyoming
17 18 - Key West, Florida

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document with a table listing "Sightings for July 1953" including the date, location, and evaluation of each sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED

SIGHTINGS FOR JULY 1953

DATE    LOCATION                  EVALUATION
31      Creola, Alabama            Probably Astronomical - Meteor
29      Springfield, Ohio          Probably Balloon
26      Dayton, Ohio               Balloon 
26      Hollis AF Base, Nevada     Probably Balloon - UAR
26      Tinker AF Base, Oklahoma   Weather Balloon
25      Washington, D. C.          Probably Astronomical
25      Dayton, Ohio               Insufficient Data
25      Perrin AF Base, Texas      Possibly Balloon
25      Central House, Alaska      Balloon
24      Key West, Florida          Other - Probably searchlight on aircraft
22      Atlantic City, New Jersey  Insufficient Data
20      Offutt AF Base, Nebraska   Unsolved (possibly a few aircraft)
19      La Grande, Oregon          Balloon - UAR
18      Key West, Florida          Insufficient Data
18      Sheridan, Wyoming          Probably Astronomical - Meteor
18      Brooklyn, New York         Probably Balloon
14      Fairborn, Ohio             Probably Balloon (Accounting for time) 
14      Opportunity, Montana       Insufficient Data
13      Shaw AF Base, South Carolina  Possibly Astronomical - Meteor
12      Adrian, Michigan           Possibly Balloon
11      Godman AF Base, Kentucky   Astronomical (?)
10      Forrest City, Arkansas     Possibly Balloon
9       Ft. Worth, Texas           Possibly Aircraft
9       Sheppard AF Base, Texas    Possibly Aircraft 
8       Colville, Washington       Probably Astronomical

T53-11156

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a typed report or document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

Sightings for the month of July 1953 continued

DATE LOCATION EVALUATION
9 Tinker AF Base, Oklahoma Probably Balloon 
7 Atlanta, Georgia Other - Haze
6 Stillwater, Oklahoma Other - Searchlight reflections
4 Tinker AF Base, Oklahoma Balloon
3 Middletown, New York Possibly Aircraft
3 Tipp City, Ohio Unsolved
3 Reno, Nevada Astronomical - Venus
3 Fremont, Wisconsin Possibly Aircraft
2 Tinker AF Base, Oklahoma Unsolved
2 Shaw AF Base, South Carolina Probably Astronomical
La Grande, Oregon Possibly Balloon
Ramore, Ontario, Canada Probably Astronomical

UNCLASSIFIED
T53-11136

- page 20 -

