The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a form with various fields filled out.

3 Jul 53 03/18:52
Reno, Nevada
ASTRONOMICAL: Venus
Obj) observed was without a doubt the planet Venus.
A white simpatic or light was observed for two hours. Obj moved very slowly to the west.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the witness's observations of an unidentified object.

Transcription of the text:

6. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
a. Yes
b. No
c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Disappear suddenly?
d. Give off a smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes
No
Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes
No
Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid?
b. Transparent?
c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound _____________
b. Color "Grey-silvery"

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star 
c. Clearly outlined d. Other ________

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess, or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One): Head of a pin, Pen, Nickel, Quarter, Half dollar.

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22): Certain, Fairly certain, Not very sure, Uncertain.

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? We were able to watch it for about 10 to 15 seconds before it disappeared, the object appeared to be circling and would suddenly go out of sight behind some scattered cloudiness.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you would encounter the object(s) that you saw. Of what type material would you expect it to be made, and what shape and size would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the appearances and actions that you witnessed. ANSWER: The object was circular in shape and about the size of a basketball, it was colored a light orange to yellowish color. It appeared to be metallic in nature, and as it maneuvered and circled it would appear to change shape slightly, at times taking on a more elliptical appearance. It seemed to change direction abruptly without banking or turning. From this to its sudden disappearance into the scattered clouds, it gave the impression of a highly maneuverable and controlled craft, rather than a natural phenomenon.

- page 4 -

This image does not contain any photographs, only a page from an old UFO report document. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Page 3

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Looked outside, then the object caught my eye up in the sky. The object appeared to be a bright round object which was moving rapidly up and down.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. East
c. South
d. West
e. Northeast
f. Southeast
g. Southwest
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes      No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest 

31. If you are familiar with bearing (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North  ____320____ degrees.
b. From horizon ______20______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___3000_____degrees.
b. From horizon ______________degrees.

- page 5 -

The image contains three sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with a pointing arrow and the text "In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it."

The second sketch shows a larger landscape view with a person standing in the foreground, and two smaller sketches on the sides. The larger sketch appears to be an example of how to complete the larger sketch from the first image.

The third sketch is a smaller landscape view with a curved horizon line.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a similar sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and answer choices related to a UFO sighting.

34. CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Thick or heavy clouds
d. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One) 
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze 
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry 
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Date: 
Month:  
Year:

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
REDACTED 

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
AN UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT RADIO OBJECT IN SKY ABOVE RENO NEVADA. APPEARANCE AND BEHAVIOR UNLIKE ANY KNOWN AIRCRAFT. PROBABLY OF EXTRATERRESTRIAL ORIGIN.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document that contains a typed report.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

At 1145 AM on July 3, 1953, Mr. X and myself were sitting on a grass lawn at 628 5th Street, Reno, Nevada. We had been looking up through some trees and saw an object in the sky which attracted our attention. It was unusual in its character and motion. It appeared to be a bright metallic object, approximately 30 to 40 feet in diameter, and did not resemble any conventional aircraft. It moved at a high rate of speed, making a slight whirring sound, and oscillating in an up and down motion. The object was sighted for approximately 2-3 minutes, thinking it might possibly be a weather balloon, however, it was not moving in the direction of the wind and it was definitely not a weather balloon. As it moved away, it neither slowed or changed in appearance. 

I immediately contacted the Nevada State Police Headquarters (2300 hours) who were not interested and suggested I call the Air Force. I called 4 Army numbers listed in the telephone book, but no answer. I then called the FBI, who referred my call to the Air Force. I told them I could not locate the object anywhere since.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

USAF TIS

After some difficulty I reached Col. Sason by telephone, who advised me that no reports had been received from the object observed in Reno, Nevada. I was informed that the matter over to Col. worth. I get the impression that someone would have to verify the existence, where this object was still visible, while no appearing to move. It was necessary for me to condition ally to do so on a subsequent occasion.

1:15 pm. No one having arrived to verify sighting. I again called col. worth and requested that I again be called by the telephone and he would call me back. This he did at 1:30 pm. 

At 1:30 pm I returned to base, and the object was still visible. I was able to reconstitute the driver the object which reserve it. This he did, giving his name as Prof. The time now 1:50 pm, the Professor of Geology, university of Nevada.

I could not reach Col. Worth by phone until 2:45 pm, when I reported this verification. Col. Worth suggested we send two civilian men to our hotel for "debriefing".

1:50 pm, we returned to 6th and Lake streets, but could not again locate the object.

2:30 pm. two sergeants visited us at our hotel, expressing appreciation of our reports. The army was very interested in all such reports.

Col. did point out to us that Army had been aware of this sighting for some time, but hadn't been interested enough to look at it.

I have spent 13 years in Air Line work as a Meteorologist and Radio Communications. Any guess as to altitude or size of the object would be subject to wide error from a visual observation. For reasons will know, I would guess the altitude to have been between 20 and 30 thousand feet - the latter altitude more consistent with the smallness of its head or pin head size at arm's length.

The object was not an airplane. Considerable doubt in my mind. 

No encountered more in way of fighting, and this is difficult to understand, such sightings when we know the object could be tracked quantifiably and fully understood. I don't think I shall again get so much trouble in attempting to get attention if I should make another sighting.

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document consists entirely of typed text describing a reported UFO sighting that occurred on June 3, 1953 in Reno, Nevada.

UNCLASSIFIED
Reno, Nevada

3 July 1953

Description

As of 10:30 A.M. EST 3 June 1953 two civilians were sitting on a lawn at Reno, Nevada. One observer was looking up through some tree branches, when she saw a pin-point of light at a very high altitude. She called her husband's attention to the object and he walked outside to observe it, which was a stationary point of light. The day was bright (hot) and cloudless. However, it neither moved nor changed its apparent size. The observer left his wife to watch the object while he reported it to the authorities. A civilian who observed this to the police station, was non-commital regarding his findings. It was reported that the sheriff's office stated that this sighting was out of their jurisdiction and for him not to call back. The observer told the 393 that he couldn't locate the object unless he had this observation to the point of view. After pointing out the the observer being somewhat surprised that no one had appeared to verify the sighting and considering the possibility that a mistake had been made, he again telephoned the 393. They hold this that the matter had been referred to the Air Force colonel to whom they had given their location.

After some difficulty, the observer reached this colonel by telephone. This colonel had been informed of the details to which this report had been made, and after considerable delay, the observer reached his conclusion that the Air Force colonel had orders to give him a negative answer and would call him back. While not appearing to move, it had shifted position slightly because it was necessary for the observer to shift his position slightly to obtain the original point of view. The Air Force colonel again called the observer and denied that the sighting was of anything the Air Force was interested in. The observer again called the Air Force colonel to ask him if he couldn't send someone to verify the sighting and the colonel recommended that the observer stand by to receive a call back. The colonel did 15 minutes later. He inquired whether the observer still saw the object and the observer said that it was still visible. He stopped a car and requested the driver to observe the object. The driver was a professor at the University of Nevada and a very good observer. He observed the object as described by the previous observers, and the Air Force colonel commented that for a detailed report of any importance, two sergeants visited the observers at their motel expressing appreciation for their efforts, and stating that the Air Force was very interested in such reports. The Air Force had been made aware of the sighting for over an hour during which the object could be seen but hasn't been interested enough to look at it.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVAL; 
DECLASSIFIED AFT ER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing text describing a sighting of an unidentified flying object that was determined to be of astronomical origin (Venus).

The text in the document reads:

3 July 1953 - Reno, Nevada (contd)
Discussion
This sighting is one of the best in Project Blue Book's files as far as details are concerned. However, due to the efforts to report the sighting and it is unfortunate that the contents in the efforts to report the sighting were lost and to the procedure for reporting unidentified flying objects. The description of this object, and the length of time observed rules out any conventional objects in our atmosphere.Project Blue Book's contract astronomers were contacted. They stated that this sighting was undoubtedly caused by the planet Venus.
Conclusion 
Was astronomical (Venus).

UNCLASSIFIED AFTER 15 YEARS: 
DECLASSIFIED DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
T53-11156

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only text and redacted information.

Text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
CENTRAL FILES
RC15EG
UP16G
TPBB4LE 
XYE221
XHAI4-A
CXEP19
JJFNV 035
DE JPNM IDEN JEDEN JEDEN JEDNI 555
DE JWPNV 16Y
R GAI95Z 2N

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. However, it appears to be a scanned document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) between 1947 and 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

FN CONDRCOTJLT 3264 STEAD, AFB, NEV
TO JEPNS/HA USAF WASHINGTON 23 DC
JEDPN/CTECH WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
JEDPN/COMDR ENT AFB COLO SPGS COLO
JEDPN/COMDR WADG HAMILTON AFB CALIF
JEDPN/COMDR SAC OFFUTT AFB NEBR  UNCLASSIFIED
D 1953. FLYORPT. FOR DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE, 
FOR ATJAK-2O. OBJECT OBSERVED WAS A METALLIC WHITE CIRCULAR IN SHAPE
TO APPROXIMATELY 30-50FT IN DIAMETER. NO TRAIL OR EXHAUST DETECTED.
SPEED OF OBJECT WAS NIL, BUT CHANGED ITS POSITION AT TIMES. TIME LAPSE 
FROM INITIAL OBSERVATION TO DISAPPEARANCE APPROXIMATELY TWO HOURS.
OBJECT WAS OBSERVED AT 1139 PACIFIC TIME, 3 JULY 1953 AND LAST OBSERVED
AT 1930 PACIFIC TIME, 3 JULY 1953. COORDINATES 39°58'20"-119°49°79". 
OBSERVERS WERE DR. _________ AND HIS WIFE WHO RESIDE AT _________, ALAMEDA, CALIFORNIA._________, A PROFESSOR OF
GEOLOGY, WHO RESIDES AT _________, RENO, NEVADA, ALSO OBSERVED
PAGE TWO JPPNV 16Y
THIS OBJECT. WITNESSES ARE ESTIMATED TO BE RELIABLE. OBSERVATION IS 
ESTIMATED AS PROBABLY TRUE. MR. _________ SPENT TWELVE YEARS WITH UNITED 
AIRLINES. WIND WAS EAST AT THREE MILES PER HOUR. VISIBILITY WAS 15 
MILES. TEMPERATURE 72 DEGREES RELATIVITY 10 PER CENT. NO FURTHER
ADDED OR FOR REPORT. NO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PRESENTLY AVAILABLE.
ITEM REPORT WILL FOLLOW

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AF FORM 112--PART 1
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Headquarters, USAF
Washington 25, D.C.
DATE: 7 July 1953
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object
PLACE: South Camp Vic., 29th APB, Reno, Nevada
DATE/TIME: 7 July 1953
L-G COLL. R.R. Work
SUMMARY:
1. Phenomena's reported were unidentified. No tangible evidence. No film, no objects recovered. Report as received from witness. His wife, and professor cannot be determined. Qualifications of principal observer are significant.
Robert E. Wood
Lt. Col. USAF
Director of Intelligence

- page 14 -

The image contains a photograph, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document is titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" and is marked as "UNCLASSIFIED".

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

AF FORM 112 - PART II
(1 JUNE 52)

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

REPORT NO. 
DATE: 20-2-53

1. The first observed object at 11:20 Pacific Time over the area about 2 miles east of Verdi, Nevada. A visual observation continued until 14:15 hours. It was observed that the object stopped a straight line flight and executed a turn and continued on its way.

2. Object observed was a metallic white circular in shape at approximately 10,000 feet and estimated speed of object was nil, but it would shift silently as it moved.

3. Visual telepath communication could not be established. The witness station at Stead Air Force Base had an unidentified object station on their Radar for three minutes, but could not confirm sighting. The object was tracked at an altitude of 10,000 feet and later disappeared.

4. Aircraft in the area at time of sighting were as follows:
a. Stead Air Force Base:
1 C-47 - 12:27 hours (Departing)
2 C-45 - 13:27 hours (Departing)
1 P-51 - 14:27 hours (Departing)
1 C-119 - 14:00 hours (Landing)
b. Vishnell Airlines, Reno, Nevada:
1 DC-3 - Landing (this was observed by Mr. )

5. The weather in the area was clear, no clouds and visibility is plus. Wind at 10,000 feet per hour, 270 degrees rolling-boulder 12 per cent.

SIGNED:
Colonel Mr. and Mrs.  were employed for twelve years with the United Airlines. Mrs.  is a professor of journalism at the University of Nevada, and was unable to make observation for more than a few minutes. The object moved at a terrific speed and she was unable to make an observation for more than a few seconds.

REPORT TO: Hq USAF 
Dir. of Intelligence
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a letter from the Air Force regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon report.

COORDINATION
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL PHENOMENA
PROJECT BLUE BOOK
In reply refer to
AFOIR-ATI A-5
R.M.Olsson/joe/65365
21 JUL 1953
Reno, Nevada
Dear Prof. 
Your report of unidentified aerial phenomena on 3 July 1953 over Stead, Nevada has been processed by the Air Technical Intelligence Center.  Enclosed is a questionnaire, which, when completed by you and returned to this office, will provide a comprehensive record of the data and will provide information to further evaluate this possibility by obtaining your estimates of azimuth and elevation angles on the object's position. 
Your interest in reporting the matter and your public spirited desire to be of service are greatly appreciated.
Sincerely,
ROBERT C. BROWN
Major, USAF
Adjutant
COORDINATION 
ATLA-5 7/21/53
ATIA 7/24/53
ATIC 10/1/53
H.J. Brown 

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
ATIA 5
Office of Record
Project Blue Book

DESIGNATES ATTIC OFFICE OF RECORD
AMC Form 8 (Rev 19 May 49) Supersedes AMC Form A, Bet I Apr 48, which will be used.

Air Force-WPAFB-LS JUL 28 195?

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be a questionnaire used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 3 JULY 1953
2. Time of day: 12:00 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Reno, Nevada City or Town State or Country
Additional remarks: On the lawn west of the lake at home (alb out 2 miles west of Reno)
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 5 minutes When I first observed the object it was apparently still when I looked up from what I was doing, but when I looked at it closely it was moving slowly.
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright sunlight
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 17 -

