The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing various fields filled out with information about a reported UFO sighting.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 2353 Z, 2/2/52
2. LOCATION: Terre Haute Ind.
3. SOURCE: F. Pilot
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 min
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: Approx. 219 degrees
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: A light (aircraft) of unusual appearance
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Lights observed in sky for 15 min. Object moved from approx. 219 degrees to approx. 275 degrees azimuth.

- page 1 -

The image provided appears to be a scanned document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document contains a handwritten annotation that mentions "RESTRICTED" and includes several numbers and notes, but there is no photograph present in this specific page.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

RESTRICTED
13636 - 1
TERRE HAUTE, IND.
9 FEB 1953
ATIC

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document with text redacted or blacked out.

UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED ON DEC 31 1995

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO sightings.

Terre Haute, Indiana
1 February 1953

I. Description of Incident:
A military aircraft on a 270° heading 10 miles west of Terre Haute sighted a close group of moving lights changing color from red to blue, to green to yellow. The pilot estimated their altitude to range between 20,000 ft. to 35,000 ft. flying in a manner similar to unconventional aircraft. Searchlights from the St. Louis area seemed to be on following the unidentified lights. The time of sighting was about 21:30.

II. Discussion of Incident:
ATIC made a check on local aircraft and found that there were many commercial airlines on their scheduled flights, but did not find any to account for the erratic lights of sighting. It is possible that searchlights from St. Louis picked up one of these aircraft. The observing aircraft was 100 miles away from St. Louis which probably accounts for the changing color of lights.

III. Conclusion:
Possibly manmade.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from an individual in Hollywood, California to an unspecified recipient.

Text from the document:

3 February 1953
Atlantic Ocean

Dear Sir:

Would you please send me the following information:

Why is the flying saucer scare? 

On February 3, 1953, a young transport aircraft with three-stars personnel on board, vanished over the Atlantic area. It went through a cloud and never came out (please explain).

Thank-You

N. Hollywood, California

- page 5 -

