There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record form.

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 31/3/54
2. LOCATION: Concord, New Hampshire
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 8-10 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: Falling down vertical
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: 
A white elongated object, "UNBELIEVABLE" speed. Suddenly disappeared, but did not fade away slowly.

CONCLUSION UNIDENTIFIED: Lack of data for complete, definite, or brief positive identification. Therefore, conclusion on this information.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten report or document from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's historical program investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear sirs:- 

On the night of June 8,
a metallic can easily 6 feet in diameter
and 2-3 feet high was observed, rotating,
and emitting pulsing lights, as it passed through
the sky at a high rate of speed.

So here goes: June 31
Lit offondantw to 19:15 m Concord & Laconia N.H. shen
my attention was caught by a bright light
hovering motionless for about 5 minutes,
at an estimated altitude of about 5,000 feet.
It was going in a northerly direction 
at an estimated speed of 500 mph.
It flashed at intervals of about 10 seconds.
All of a sudden the object disappeared, not
just disappearance, but definite point of
point extinction.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a handwritten document. The text in the document is as follows:

"it seemed to hold disappear d a long object so that to was still a strong flighting.

It got accelerated _________ 15 miles an hour.

Went land, which it is the wind move against that thing. But before it could look up, it had gone.

I had a strange white mass about it as the mist was a bank or it hid what was inside, which moved so quite that we could see no details.

It was very quiet and maneuver.

Those that the best vision describe the "thing".

Sincerely
M____
Mechanem: M.P."

- page 3 -

