The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card. There is no photograph present on this particular page.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 29 NOV 54
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: GMT 30/03»02
5. POSITION: CHARLESTON, S.C.
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: MOMENTARY
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: BRILLIANT BLUE FLASH, SMOKE OR CLOUD AS RESULT. (NO CASE IN FILE)
12. CONCLUSIONS: [X] WAS METEOR

The text on the record card has been transcribed accurately.

- page 1 -

The image provided appears to show a black and white photograph depicting a group of people, likely Sicilians, watching or observing unusual objects in the sky that resemble flying saucers or unidentified flying objects. The text below the image indicates that the Sicilians were amazed by these sightings.

As requested, here is the text from the document, produced by an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

Amazed Sicilians watch a circulating sight of objects which resemble the flying saucers recently been reported over parts of the world. This photo was taken at Taorminia.

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a newspaper clipping about a Sea-Dart Explosion and a Convair Jet Blast Baffles incident. There is no human face visible in the image.

The text from the document is as follows:

SEA-DART EXPLOSION x 
Convair Jet 
Blast Baffles
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 6 (AP)—A sudden, unexplained explosion ripped open a Navy Sea-Dart fighter as it was being moved to a test area at the General Dynamics plant of General Atomic Division at Sycamore Canyon yesterday afternoon. 
The crowd, including a host of Navy and General Dynamics officials, watched in awe as the 30-foot-long fighter suddenly disintegrated and got into position for a high-altitude test-
The explosion, which occurred in the vicinity of the tail assembly, was believed to have been caused by an internal failure of the aircraft which had been undergoing ground checks before the test.
Lt. Charles E. Richbourg, 32, who was standing near the fighter, was thrown into the air by the force of the explosion and struck the ground about 30 feet away. He suffered a broken neck and other minor injuries.
Richbourg, a test pilot, still was strapped to his escape seat and descending by parachute when Convair Company divers immediately went into the cold water to rescue him. 
The aircraft wreckage plunged into the water about two minutes later.
The flyer, who joined the Navy in 1941, survived his fatal experience uninjured, except for minor bruises to his face and hands. He has been hospitalized for observation.
Company and Navy officials intend today to investigate the cause of the mysterious crash.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter addressed from the Office of Civil Defense in Glen, New York to Major Lawrence J. Tacker of the Department of the Air Force in Washington, D.C.

Text from the document:

Office of Civil Defense
Glen, N.Y.
April 23, 1960

Major Lawrence J. Tacker
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
Washington, D.C.

Dear Major Tacker:

I am writing you for confirmation and other necessary details of this alleged incident concerning an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting on the night of April 13, 1954 over western New York reportedly on which involved two Air Force jet planes from New York.

I am not quite certain whether he sighted the object called a "strange object" and the object and further than called the base.

The report further states that two jets were sent up from New York to intercept the UFO. The report ends by stating the jets trailed the UFO. As the object moved out over Lake Erie, it DIVED into the lake with the two jets following closely disappearing into the lake.

I would appreciate it very much if you will check this matter out for me and send me the necessary information concerning this report. This incident concern the status of Washington.

Thanking you in advance for the necessary information, I remain

Yours sincerely,
[Signature]
Bob Barry
322 Main Street
Glen, New York

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document dated April 25, 1960, written by Bob Barry, the Civil Defense Director for the City of Clean, New York.

The text of the document is as follows:

OFFICE OF 
CIVIL DEFENSE
OLEAN, N.Y.
April 25, 1960

Public Information Officer
H/Sgt. William Falls, AFS 
Niagara Falls, New York

Dear Sir:

My name is Bob Barry, Civil Defense Director for the City of Olean. I am checking on an editorial concern regarding a UFO sighting (Unidentified Flying Object) on the night of November 16, 1959, in the Niagara Falls area which involved two jets from Rome AFB.

I am writing for confirmation and other necessary information pertaining to the details of this incident. The Associated Press Digest shows we were investigating at a slow rate of speed toward Niagara Falls from the direction of the direction it was descending. The object was silently hovering and visible to the naked eye. The moon was visible in another portion of the sky at the time.

Your base allegedly received a report from one Youth Torster, of Buffalo, N.Y., concerning this occurrence. I am not quite certain as to whether he sighted the object and called your base, or if someone conducted an interview and relayed the base. 

The report further states that two jets from Rome, New York AFB were also allegedly airborne between 9:30 P.M. and 11:00 P.M., perhaps earlier, I am not sure.

The report ends by stating the UFO was trailed the jets. As the object with the two jets followed.

I would appreciate it very much if you will check this matter out for me and secure the necessary information regarding the incident. Kindly contact me via letter at your earliest convenience. I will await your reply.

Thanking you in advance for your help in this important matter.

Kindest personal regards,
Bob Barry
323 N. 6th St.
Olean, New York

- page 5 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document about an "Unidentified Flying Object".

HEADQUARTERS 
26TH AIR DIVISION (SAGE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
SYRACUSE, NEW YORK

REPLY TO 26CIS

SUBJECT: Editorial - Unidentified Flying Object

TO: ADC (ADOIN)

1. The attached letter is forwarded for your information and necessary action.

2. This Headquarters has no knowledge of subject incident.

FOR THE COMMANDER

(Signed) THOMAS F. GRIFFEY
Major, USAF, Admin. Spec.
Dir. Admin. Serv. 250

1 Atch
Ltr dated 25 April 1950

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to a report on an unidentified flying object.

AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ADOIN

SUBJECT: Editorial - Unidentified Flying Object

TO: ADCIS

The attached letter, 25CIS, Headquarters 26 Air Div, 2 May 1950, subject as above, is forwarded for your information and any appropriate action. ADOIN has no knowledge of cited incident.

JOHN R. LINEHAN 
Lt Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence

1 Atch
Ltr, 25CIS, Hq 26 AD, 
2 May 50, Subj: Unidentified Flying Object w/l Atch, 1 cy
ltr, Civil Defense, 25 April 1950

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ADCIS-P
SUBJECT: Editorial - Unidentified Flying Object

TO: Secretary of the Air Force (SAFOI)
Wash 25 DC

The attached correspondence is forwarded for your information and necessary action in accordance with Par 4d AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER
BROWN H. MAYALL
Colonel, USAF
Command Information Officer

1 Atch
Lt. AGOIN, Hq ADC 5 May 60,
Ltr, 26CIS, Hq 26 AD,
2 May 60, Subj: Unidentified Flying Object
w/l Atch, 25 April 1960

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a memo routing slip from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
1. NAME OR TITLE
Major L. J. Tacker
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION
SAPOI-3d
OSAF

2. DATE
15 May 60

3. INFORMATION
NECESSARY
ACTION
NOTE AND
RETURN
SEE ME
SAFTY

REMARKS
Barry, Larry: Returned herewith is letter from Bob Barry. This letter is described as almost identical, to an earlier letter from the same individual. We have searched and find no sighting or any report that remotely resembles it, nor anything in that general area at that time. Note that the Niagara Falls AFB says they have no record of the incident.

FROM NAME OR TITLE
Ted Hissett 
15 May 60

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a typed letter. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

25 MAY 1960

Dear Mr. Barry:

This is to acknowledge your letter of 25 April 1960 addressed to this office. There Pells Air Station and Griffiss Air Force Base, New York concerning an unidentified sighting at 19:15 on 13 November 1954, near Watertown, New York.

Niagara Falls Air Station and Griffiss Air Force Base have no record of this sighting. This sighting was not reported to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center. Griffiss Air Force Base at Rome, New York had no major aircraft incident on or during the month of November 1954.

I regret I could not help you in this matter.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. Bob Barry
208 N. 4th Street
Olean, New York

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NO CASE, INSUFFICIENT DATA 23 NOV 54, NORWAY

Captain, are yet any girl? the good only 9/1 16
R. REMARKABLE NORWEGIAN LANDING CASE OF 1954 HOW PUBLISHED

In the March, 1957 issue of SKIL magazine (thanks to Theodore V. Hill of Wood-bury, N.J.) their standing (to the signer of this letter) correspondent Oddvar Larsen tells of an extraordinary sighting, which he believes to be authentic. (Incidentally, published in a magazine, this sightseeing L. Larsen later mentions should be the "whole article" according to Larsen.)

Larsen writes directly in English; the article is not a translation.

The date was November 23, 1954--a time just after the first landing wave in France. Near a fjord, southwest of Tonsburg, was a woman and two girls, one of age 16, the other two years coming home from school near some woods, a black object descended rapidly from the sky, knocked over the two togs, and stopped between the girls' heads. The girls then saw the following weird description of it: "It looked like a stone - like a ball, which could have been two meters in diameter, glowing, of a pale yellow color, which could have been made of glass, and it had several bulge on the different part."

When this strange object turned and moved away, the tail went first. That was funny, I thought."

In the snow, those girls discovered a distorted track 25 yards long, presumably made by the craft after the girls had turned their backs on it.

Larsen's writing gives a favorable impression of his good sense, and the evidence he presents clearly supports his contention.

A striking parallel is apparent between the Torino case and the Hemingford, Nebraska, case (recorded in Flying Saucer Review, Vol. II, No. 2): "two men" (seven feet tall) dressed in black, with "big round eyes" (unfortunately, no results principally on the good impression of honesty and sanity given by the witnesses in this case) is found intersecting for which the saucer world is indebted to investigator Dr. J.O. Clark of the Gable Ranch, near Hemingford, Nebraska. For this instance, offers to copy cases from his collection of sightings to send tape with directives about how to get help for your case. (Although his son has seen planting a couple of dollars, has seen up to this time.)

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a newspaper article about the United States studying European flying saucer photos. The article mentions that the U.S. Air Force is studying photographs of "mysterious flying saucers" taken in Sweden, Yugoslavia, and Italy, and that these cases make up about 10% of the U.S. cases that are unexplained.

Here is the full text extracted from the image:

U.S. STUDYING EUROPEAN FLYING SAUCER PHOTOS
Swedish, Yugoslav, Italian Reports Checked - 10 Pet. of U.S. Cases Unexplained.
BY ASSEN E. JORDANOFF
NEW YORK, Dec. 10—United States defense agencies are studying purported photographs of mysterious flying saucers taken in at least three European countries—Sweden, Yugoslavia and Italy—in an effort to determine whether the objects represent natural phenomena or frauds.
The Air Force's Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, which handles investigations of all "unusual aerial phenomena," is analyzing the data and photographs from abroad.
The Air Force said last night that its analysis of scores of reports indicates that "a small percentage may be unexplained" and "we are unable to identify the objects as anything conventional."
They said further that they "are not developed or under development by the Air Force and that they are not space ships from another planet."
Many sightings, it explained, have been identified as conventional aircraft, balloons, reflections on windows, or objects existing as visual illusions, with some also explainable as natural phenomena.
Among the photographs being studied, it said, are those of a group of Sicilians seeing saucer-shaped objects over the town of Ascoli Satriano. These were obtained from a French source.
Sweden's defense ministry has disclosed that it has been investigating for two months an unidentified flying object that photographed over the southern part of that country. The object went northward and disappeared, an official statement has been made by Sweden.
In France, which has been the scene of more saucer reports than any other nation in Europe, the belief is developing that the sightings are the result of a Soviet or other foreign nation's operations to explore the possibilities of using these devices toward espionage, psychological warfare or even actual sabotage.
About 8,200 sightings have occurred in France alone during the last three years, and about 10,000,000 francs (about $28,750) have been spent by the French Government to bring these from outer space into its offices.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, a government program that investigated UFO sightings in the United States.

ADDRESSEE
Headquarters USAF
ATTN: AFOIN-X, Lt. Col.
Bloomery, Wash, D.C.

RETURN THIS RECEIPT IMMEDIATELY
TO ADDRESS INDICATED ON REVERSE
DATE OF LATEST ACTION DATE DISPATCHED
7 Dec. 54 7 Dec. 54

SUMMARY OF BASIC DOCUMENT: FILE NO., TYPE, SOURCE, DATE, SUBJECT (Short title, if identified)
Description - Meteorite, Recovery of
Owner - 25 NOV 54, Sylacauga, Alabama; Mrs. [REDACTED]
Weight - 8 lbs, 8 ounces, Color Dull Black. Estimated Type - Aerolite Type Meteorite, probably member of the Andromid shower, occurring between 24 Nov & 7 Dec.

ENDORSEMENT(S) (Number of copies and copy No.)
1. Meteorite
2. Photographs (dup) 3 copies each

NOTE.-This sheet is to be retained in suspense file until receipt (Duplicate) has been signed and returned, then this sheet should be destroyed.

DD FORM 646 REPLACES ND 480 FORM 96, 1 DECEMBER 1944, WHICH MAY BE USED. CLASSIFIED DOCUMENT RE (Original)

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation into UFO sightings. The text in the document is as follows:

ADDRESSEE:
Headquarters USAF
ATTN: AFOIN-X, Lt. Col. 
Bloomer, Wasn., D.C.

SUMMARY OF BASIC DOCUMENT: FILE NO., TYPE, SOURCE, DATE, SUBJECT (Short title, if classified)
Owner - 25 Nov 54, Sylacauga, Alabama; Mrs. H. Hodges, Weight - 8 lbs, 8 ounces, Color Dull Black, Estimated Type - Aerolite Type Meteorite, probably member of the Androniid shower, occurring between 24 Nov & 7 Dec.

ENDORSEMENT(S) (Number of copies and copy No.)
1. Meteorite
2. Photographs (dup) 3 copies each

NOTE—This sheet to be retained in suspense file until receipt (Duplicate) has been signed and returned; then this sheet should be destroyed.

DD FORM 646 REPLACES WD AGO FORM 996, 1 DECEMBER 1954, WHICH MAY BE USED. CLASSIFIED DOCUMENT RE GPO 60-18-671941 (ORIGINAL)

- page 14 -

The image appears to be a photograph from an old UFO report document. It shows several people standing on a balcony or terrace overlooking a landscape. The text states that the Air Force admits that images like these seen in Sicily are real, but officials say that such phenomena are now explainable.

The Air Force admits that images like these seen in Sicily are real, but officials say that such phenomena are now explainable.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a handwritten note that says "This case includes four (4) photos clipped from news papers."

This case includes four (4) photos clipped from news papers.

- page 16 -

The image contains a black and white photograph showing several people standing and looking up at the sky. The image is described as depicting scenes seen in Sicily, and the Air Force admits that such phenomena are real, but officials say they are unexplainable.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
(See Manual Book pg 205 for explanation)
November(?) 1954
(Received, 2/6/1/5)

- page 17 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a page from a project blue book UFO report document, with text discussing investigations into "flying saucers" over Europe.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

AIR FORCE TO PROBE NEW "FLYING SAUCERS" OVER EUROPE

Air Force intelligence experts, scientific advisers and defense agencies will attempt to investigate reports of unidentified objects in European skies this year but in Europe are treating these flying saucer tales with a certain amount of skepticism.

European nations contacted say they have received no official requests from the United States for cooperation in studying the phenomena described as "flying saucers."

However, the Air Force's Office of Scientific Intelligence, which is charged with investigating these phenomena or frauds, disclosed that it plans to analyze data from abroad. It was explained that the Air Force is interested in this matter because of the effect it could have on national defense.

The official Air Force position is that while it has not been able to prove the existence of flying saucers, neither has it been able to disprove reports claiming their existence. The Air Force plans to analyze new data and determine whether a national security problem is involved. As in the past, the Air Force will not confirm or deny the existence of flying saucers, but will determine if any threat to defense exists.

The Air Force also says it will study reports of sightings from the public in an effort to determine if any of the unexplained phenomena might be of scientific interest. The Office of Scientific Intelligence, however, emphasizes that in many cases sightings of unusual objects in the sky may have natural or man-made explanations rather than representing genuine "flying saucers."

Some European nations contacted said they have had such sightings, but have made no official reports. The Air Force hopes to get cooperation from other nations in analyzing these reports.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. The text describes what appears to be an observation of some unidentified flying objects, referring to them as a "so-called Saucer" and describing their appearance as "two saucer-shaped objects" that were "looking at the two-disc shaped objects" and "at a considerable distance from the axis of flight".

Holloway, Ga. 12-3-54
Gentleman - These were started by so-called "Flying Saucer" picture. Really, they seemed much closer to me than notes would indicate.
At the two saucers are looking at the two disc shaped objects - as looking to the right and at a considerable distance from the axis of flight. 
Thank you very much.

- page 19 -

The image contains a newspaper clipping with the title "Air Force Scans For Pictures of Flying Saucers". The clipping discusses the Air Force's efforts to study and photograph unidentified flying objects, referred to as "flying saucers". It mentions that the Air Force is studying the phenomena and has reported sightings in the United States. The clipping also mentions that a photograph of a "flying saucer" was made at Taormina, Sicily.

Air Force Scans For Pictures of Flying Saucers
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11 (UP)
The Air Force is studying so-called flying saucer sightings, it was reported here today.
It was said that a "flying saucer" photograph has been made at Taormina, Sicily, by Giuseppe Grasso, a photographer with the Italian Empire Picture Services.
The Air Force Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, O., is said to be studying the photographs.

- page 20 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a flying saucer or unidentified aerial object over a scenic location, possibly Taormina, Italy. The caption below the image states "FLYING SAUCERS Amazed spectators at Taormina, Italy, (as objects in the sky resembling art-reported flying discs or mysterious craft, according to the reports of United Press Photo)."

FLYING SAUCERS Amazed spectators at Taormina, Italy, like objects in the sky resembling art-reported flying discs or mysterious craft, according to the reports of United Press Photo.

- page 21 -

