There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, containing various fields and information about an observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 10 JULY 1954
2. LOCATION: SOMERSET, PENNA.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2220
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
D Groud-Radar
D Visual
D Air-Interpt Radar
5. DURATION: 5 M
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 SECONDS
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 
Seer over western horizon. Golden in sunlight, with a brillant object at the sight and not moving. The trail was observed through sx seconds, then it suddenly disappeared, no propulsion, no engine or threed at arms length.
11. COMMENTS:
Evaluated as a contrail

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a handwritten document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

TO JULY 1954

Although I am cognizant of the fact that it will do no good to send you the detailed report of unidentified aerial phenomena which has been communicated to me in thinking all and everything is a matter how unbelievable it may seem, nevertheless, the unidentified phenomena to which I refer consist of several disks or spheres varying in size from about 40 to 140 ft in diameter. These were observed on July 19, 1954, in the vicinity of Somerset, Pennsylvania.

Time: Approximately 4:55 P.M. E.S.T. 
Place: Approximately 6 miles northeast of Somerset, Pennsylvania. 
Witnesses: Four adult persons, two men and two women, all of whom saw the objects and are willing to make statements.

The objects were observed for a period of about 45 minutes and appeared to be moving at a speed of approximately 1,000 miles per hour at an altitude of about 12,000 to 15,000 feet. They appeared to be metallic in nature, highly polished, and reflecting the sun's rays. They moved in a diagonal path, then changed direction, circling and darting about. At one point, they formed a line and then separated, and finally disappeared from view in the distance. 

The witnesses are intelligent, reliable persons, not given to excitable behavior or imagination. They are all in agreement as to what they saw. This is not the first time these objects have been reported in this area. Similar sightings have been made in the past. The writer has seen these objects himself on several occasions.

I am forwarding this report to you in the hope that some official recognition or investigation may be made, as I feel that the phenomena are of such a nature as to be the proper concern of the U.S. Air Force. Although no photographs were obtained, the visual observations are clear and unmistakable.

Very truly yours,

- page 2 -

