There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a detailed report on a sighting of a UFO or unidentified aerial object over Miami, Florida on 06/15/52.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 06/15/52
2. LOCATION Miami, Florida
3. SOURCE civilian(6)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 20 secs
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION ground visual
7. COURSE East rising
8. PHOTOS 0 Yes 0 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 0 Yes 0 No
10. CONCLUSION PROBABLY BALLOON
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Obj round and silvery white. Seemed to have smoke or vapor rising around object. Approximately the size of basketball. Gained altitude during flight. Seemed to emit "sparks" from MY to NW gaining altitude.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page does not contain any photographs, but rather handwritten text on a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write a concise description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, observations, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observer's description in a systematic way, and use additional paper if they are needed.

It was about 10 AM Thursday morning that I went in the cattle yard to exercise a sick cow. As I was talking to the hired hand I suddenly looked up and saw an object in the sky about 2 miles away. At first I thought it was an airplane, but soon realized that it was moving too fast and at the same time was not making any noise. I watched it in the sky for about 2 or 3 minutes, and as it came closer I could see that it was flat on the bottom and round on top, and seemed to be about 50 feet in diameter. The color was a metallic grayish-white and it was moving at a tremendous speed, about 700 to 800 miles an hour I would estimate. It passed directly overhead at about 2000 feet altitude, and then as suddenly as it appeared it disappeared from sight, going off in a northerly direction. I have observed many airplanes in the sky, and this was certainly not an airplane, as it was moving much too fast and made no motor noise at all. I am at a loss to explain what this object could have been, and I would be interested in any information your office could give me about similar sightings.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page of handwritten text from a Project Blue Book report.

Transcription of the text:

A witness, to the effect of the city on the ground, described as follows, some strange things which were in a little ground, and others in the fields surrounding it. This appears to be a partial, roughly sketched account and account. It was a scrape and some of the areas contained in the report were perhaps a little difficult to understand clearly. The witness goes on to say that this high degree of details seems to be authentic and not faked. At times, I'm not certain that one could really make due careful enough conclusion from the variety of information given, but at some points the account does seem to have substance which merits attention. There may be more to examine on the report's following pages.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet for reporting unidentified aerial phenomena. The document appears to be a questionnaire to gather information from the witness regarding their sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or confidential material. We request this personal information as necessary, and may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? - May 6 - 1954
2. Time of day: 10:05 - Minutes (Circle One): A.M. x P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central x c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? - Miami, Florida
Additional remarks: - Miami, Dade County, Florida
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. - 3 Minutes - Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. (Certain, Fairly certain, Not very sure, Just a guess)
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the side of you c. To your right

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and answer choices regarding an observed unidentified object.

S. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?: 
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't Know
d. Give off light? YES NO Don't Know
e. Change brightness? YES NO Don't Know
f. Changessize? YES NO Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? YES NO Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Yes/No)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 5 -

The image contains a handwritten sketch of an unidentified object. The sketch shows a round or oval-shaped object with some details inside it. There is no photograph present in this image.

16. The object was described as making a whistling or humming sound.
b. The color of the object was described as silvery or metallic.

17. The witness has drawn a picture of the object, which appears to be a roughly sketched oval or circular shape with some internal details. The drawing shows the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were described as fuzzy or blurred.

19. There is no information provided about more than one object being observed.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. ___________ feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea 
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? It reappeared to disappear.

24. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could sketch in the sky what you actually saw, and that a person looking at the same sky at that time could have seen the same object or objects which you saw. What would it have looked like? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A billowy white cigar - greater - more elongated than oval.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I can produce the following text found in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane 
e. Other ___________________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Airplane flying across the sky and I noticed it

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) 
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North _______ degrees.
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees. 
b. From horizon _______ degrees.

- page 8 -

The image contains several sketches, but no photographs. The sketches appear to be related to instructions on how to visualize the position of an object in the sky relative to the horizon.

The text in the image is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Partly cloudy
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? 25 - May Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? Yes
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? I believe it was a regular plane on aerial surveillance.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a form with questions related to an unidentified flying object sighting.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ___ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Miami Florida
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present job? Housewife
Age 42 Sex F
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school 9 years
b. High school 4 years
c. College -
d. Post graduate -

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: May 21 1954

- page 11 -

