The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph or image present on this page. The text found in the document is as follows:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK RECORD CARD
1. DATE
12 MAR 54 
2. LOCATION
Scranton, Pennsylvania
3. DATE/TIME GROUP 
13/ooZ/52 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
a. Visual 
b. Other  
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20-30 seconds
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 
1
7. COURSE
Initial course - east, terminated or vanished - no detail
8. CONCLUSIONS
G Was Balloon
X Probably Balloon
G Probably Aircraft
G Insufficient Data 
X Possibly Astronomical
G Possibly Missile
G Possibly Meteor
G Unknown

11. COMMENTS
Possibly a luminous green fireball meteor.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

Transcribed text:

UNCLASSIFIED
30 MARCH 1954

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: DIRECTOR, INTELLIGENCE, UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

1. Reference is made to the attached report concerning the sighting of an unidentified aerial object in the vicinity of Scranton, Pennsylvania, on 15 November 1952.

2. DETAILS: On 15 November 1952, at approximately 0645 hours, an unidentified flying object was observed by a trained observer at an altitude of approximately 15,000 feet in the vicinity of Scranton, Pennsylvania. The object was observed for a period of approximately 3 to 5 minutes as it traveled in a northeasterly direction at an estimated speed of 400 to 500 miles per hour. The object was described as being cylindrical in shape, approximately 40 to 50 feet in length, and giving off a bright steady light. No trail or exhaust was observed. The object was not picked up on radar.

3. COMMENTS: The identity of the unidentified flying object observed in this instance has not been established. However, detailed investigation and evaluation of the data obtained indicates that the possibility of the object being an aircraft or other conventional aerial device is considered remote. The object was reported to have been traveling at a speed far in excess of any known powered aircraft and at an altitude well within the operating ceiling of conventional aircraft.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a text document titled "SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT" regarding an "Unidentified Flying Object" sighting.

SDO 3-10-54
Subj: Unidentified Flying Objects

(1) Description of the object(s):
(a) Shape - Circular shape, that the object was in the shape of a disc which was seen at first but shortly afterwards was noticed to be more the shape of a torpedo or "football".
(b) Size - From the estimated speed and maneuver of the object, he concluded that the diameter must have been approximately 30 to 35 feet.
(c) Color - Luminous - no particular color.
(d) Number - One (1).
(e) Formation, if more than one - Not applicable.
(f) Any discernible features or details - None.
(g) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to total size of object - None visible.
(h) Sound, if heard - None heard. Observer stated that he was traveling at approximately 60 miles per hour on a highway and heard no sound.
(i) Other pertinent or unusual features - None.

(2) Description of course or object(s):
(a) From the direction the object took and its apparent speed and maneuver, the observer estimated that it proceeded from the northwest and traveled in a generally east-southeastern direction, covering the distance in a matter of only a few seconds.
(b) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance - Unknown.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to study UFO reports.

Text from the document:

3DO 1-10-56
Subj: Unidentified Flying Objects

(E) Description of course of object(s): Cont'd

(4) Description of flight path and duration of object(s): - The observer stated that the object was proceeding due north at a steady rate and that the object was as large as the full moon and seemed to be at an altitude of 500 to 1000 feet. The object was observed for 20 to 30 seconds.

(5) Manner of disappearance of object(s): - the object seemed to remain the same size, shape and brightness while it was observed and it disappeared in the direction it was traveling, fading from view at the horizon.

(6) Length of time in sight: - About 20 - 30 seconds.

(7) Use one or any combination of the following items: Astronomical, instrument, reported, probably, if mentioned, type or radar, etc.) - Astronomical, reported.

(8) Statements as to optical aids (telescope, binoculars, etc.) and on fourth-dimensional appearance, if any.

(9) If possible determine size, distance, speed, altitude, direction, etc. Size; about as large as the full moon. Direction and speed: Proceeding due north at a steady rate of speed. Altitude: 500 to 1000 feet.

(10) Time and date of sighting:

(a) Date and time of sighting: - Approximately 2340E, 7 Mar 54.

(b) Light conditions (see one of the following terms): daylight, dusk, night, etc.

(5) Location of observer(s): - The observer reported the sighting occurred over Scranton, Pa.

(6) Identifying information of all observer(s):

(a) Civilian - name, age, mailing address, occupation and
signature. (The name of the observer is deleted for privacy reasons.)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an investigation of unidentified flying objects conducted by the United States Air Force. The text in the document describes details related to the reporting of unidentified flying objects, including information about the sighting, details about the object, and instructions for reporting the sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED
SD 1-1-54
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

(6) (a) Department of the U. S. Hoffman Machinery Co., South Washington Ave., Scranton, Pa., Reported that on March 22, 1954 at approximately 8:40 p.m. EST he was outside observing the clear sky and suddenly saw flying objects traveling in a line. There were 8 to 10 objects which he estimated were flying at an altitude of 6,000 to 8,000 feet. They appeared to be metallic and glowed with a greenish white light. They made no noise and were traveling in a straight line at a relatively slow speed. He observed them for about 1 minute.

(7) Weather and wind data; clear and calm conditions at time and place of sighting.

(a) Speed: Estimated to be 600 to 800 mph, but could have been slower and appeared faster due to distance. - UNCERTAIN

(b) Height: Estimated 6,000 to 8,000 feet. - 6,000 to 8,000

(c) Course: Straight line. - STRAIGHT

(d) Visibility: Excellent. - EXCELLENT

(e) Duration of sighting: Approximately 1 minute. - 1 MINUTE  

(f) Maneuvers or color changes: None noted. - NONE

(g) Soundwave: No noise detected. - NO NOISE

(8) Any unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting. - NONE KNOWN

(9) Existence of any physical evidence of the sighting, such as materials and photographs. - NONE

UNCLASSIFIED
754-1225

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

The text in the document reads as follows:

3DD 1-30-54 SHOT FLUZELKRS.C. REPORT
SUJI: Unidentified flying objects

(10) Interception or identification action taken (Such action may be taken whenever possible, complying with existing directives): - None taken

(11) Location of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting. - None observed

(12) position size and movements of the observed object, including its position or altitude as estimated in feet, estimate of speed, description of maneuvers, color, sound, number, and time observed.
object was sharp edge silver object, estimated size, length 40-50 ft, width 10-15 ft, estimated speed up to 300 MPH, estimated altitude 5000 ft, no sound was heard. Object was observed for approximately 30 sec.

On 16 Jan 1954, let Lt. CLAR J. COLE, Adiutant, 96th Bombardment Group, Strategic Air Command and Captain CALVIN D. FRAZIER 96th Bombardment Group, Strategic Air Command, reported that on January 12, 1954, they observed on the horizon at approximately 1330 hours, a silvery metallic, discus shaped object which exhibited a number of characteristics indicative of a controlled, powered flight. This observation was made and tracked during the period January 12, 1954 to approximately 1830 hours.

3. ACTION: It is the opinion of this activity that the above phenomena observed on January 12, 1954, and reported by Lt. Col. CLAR J. COLE and Capt. CALVIN C. FRAZIER, 96th Bombardment Group, Strategic Air Command, are inexplicable in nature and unidentified within the limits of their experience and information. An advisory report will, therefore, be forwarded to the Director of Intelligence, Headquarters, USAF, in compliance with existing directives.

FOR AND IN THE ABSENCE OF
ORBY L. COLAR
LIEUTENANT COLONEL, USAF
DISTRICT SUPERVISOR

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the Project Blue Book archives.

The text of the document reads as follows:

"The following is a copy of a letter, undated and unsigned, received by the 26 District CIC (G2) Headquarters, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and addressed to the Chief of the United States Air Force, Washington, D.C., postmarked Scranton, Pa., 12 March 1952:

"Sir:

I do not know whether or not it's writing to you proper party as this matter in my opinion concerns only me. But I figure you'll at least get it, read it and give it proper attention.

I was employed as a night watchman here in Scranton and a few nights ago I saw what I would term a flying saucer. You know how reports and descriptions of these saucers have been made and I will not bore you with the details except to say that what I saw was identical with those reports. It came up from behind the buildings, hovered directly over me, and I had a clear view of it for at least 30 minutes. 

Now here is the part that concerns only me. This thing, whatever it was, had me paralyzed. I was standing there looking up at it and could not move a muscle. I was not frightened, just couldn't move. And when it finally took off and disappeared, the paralysis wore off immediately.

What I want to know is this: Was there anything in that flying thing that could have had me paralyzed like that? I know I'm not a crackpot and I know what I saw. It really happened and I can't get over it. I would appreciate it very much if you could give me some information or explanation as to why I was paralyzed. Thank you."

- page 7 -

