The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
OCT 5 54 MARYSVILLE, OHIO, JEROME, OHIO, WHEELERSBURG, OHIO
3. SOURCE 10. CONCLUSION
OTHER: SPIDER GOSSAMER
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Multiple Air filled with sport white bits that looked like
cotton. Silvery. Landed in schoolyard and
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION disappeared.
15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground visual
7. COURSE
Falling
8. PHOTOS
0 Yes 
0 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
0 Yes
0 No

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Sound: Saucers, disc shaped
Color: Grayish-white

The witness was asked to draw a picture that would show the shape of the object or objects. However, the provided space for the drawing is left blank.

The edges of the object were described as: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined.

The question "IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?" is answered with "Little - 2 to 4", and the witness was asked to draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document contains handwritten text, which I will extract and output below:

21. If POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
List:

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand?
a. Nickel
b. Dime
c. Half dollar
d. Silver dollar
e. Baseball
f. Basketball
g. Other

23. (Circle One) of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:
a. Very sure
b. Fairly certain
c. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? 
The object appeared to drop rapidly toward the ground, and then disappeared from sight.

24. In order that you may give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, would like for you to imagine that you constructed the object that you saw. Of what type materials would it have been made? What shape and color would it have been? How large do you think it would have been? Please describe in your own words a physical object or objects which you believed you saw on that day.

The object appeared to be metallic and circular in shape, about 20-30 feet in diameter. It appeared to make a rapid descent toward the ground before disappearing from sight.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

23. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane
e. At home
f. Other

26. Where you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles par hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)  Yes  No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular distance from true North), to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon (elevation):
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___45___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___45___ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: 
a. From true North ___20___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___22___ degrees.

- page 4 -

The image contains two sketches, but no actual photograph. The first sketch appears to show a larger object in the sky, with a smaller sketch of the object in a different position. The second and third sketches show landscape views, with a person standing in the foreground of the larger sketch.

Text from the document:

In the following larger sketch, the position of the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at the position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at the position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. WHERE were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One):
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Mild
d. Warm
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report it to some official that you had seen the object?
Day, Month, Very

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One): Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other one(s)?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Probable a natural meteorological phenomenon.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Check One) C Yes C No

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1100 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Check One) C Yes C No

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1,000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present age? 39
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school 
c. College 2 years - Physics
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
4-8-54 day - Month - Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document that describes some kind of observation or encounter.

DEAR SIR,

A brilliant white glowing object appeared in the sky. It was disc shaped with a white illumination. It moved rapidly from east to west. It appeared to be very strong - some say as bright as a searchlight. It was visible for several minutes and disappeared over the Western horizon. Approximately 5 minutes after, the trailing object which had a red tail appeared like it was chasing or following it.

The objects were moving at terrific speed and turned up and down without making any turn. Observers report chasing for 35 miles of ground area before losing sight of them. Reddish glowing object about 2 minutes behind leaving a trail. Subject of Occult Elementory Schools.

I'd be glad to hear any results of your investigation of this case which was witnessed by many people. There were numerous witnesses to this phenomenon of at least 1520 minutes standing between Marsville, Ohio, Jerome, Ohio, and Wheelersburg, Ohio.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomenon observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, without your permission. If you have any further details, please indicate them in the "Additional remarks" section, or contact us for further details.

1. When did you see the object? ___ / ___ / ___, ___ Day, ___ Month, ___ Year
2. Time of day: ___ Hours, ___ Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted] City or Town, [Redacted] State or Country
Additional remarks: [Handwritten note that is illegible]
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. ___ Hours, ___ Minutes, ___ Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight, b. Dull daylight, c. Bright twilight, d. Just a trace of daylight, e. No trace of daylight, f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. In back of you, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by an observer.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Circle One) Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give any smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, pulsate, or change color? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or report.

Text found in the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Like a jet
b. Color: Silver, graysih

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object as you saw it. Note and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a light too far
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember 

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

Source: World of Flying Saucers (H)M'

A similar fall of angel hair occurred in the United States on October 22, 1953 near a school in Marysville, Ohio. At afternoon recess the pupils of the Jerome Elementary School noticed a strangely bright object in the sky. Many children saw the object disappear and then reappear several times, accompanied by a shower or rain of fluffy, cottony-like stuff, which children and teachers stretched and pulled into a tiny ball, but which suddenly disintegrated to nothing and left no trace. The material, very fine and soft, could be stretched and pulled into a tiny ball, but quickly disintegrated to nothing and left no trace. 
The stuff clung to grass and cars, draped the telephone wires for a distance of about 200 yards, and was gone like a misty, cloudy cover the road.
Unfortunately, none of the material was preserved and no analysis was possible. Chemical analyses were reported to show the material to be a form of silicate, and the stuff might have been a waste product from some stratospheric disturbance far up, as the weather at the time was perfect, a warm autumn day with a sunny, cloudless sky. Both the time and the 'weather' were fall for migrating spiders to take to the air. Most likely the 'angel hair' consisted of gossamer threads dropped by spiders on their daily parachutes, and then dispersed the same way. 
Many falls of 'angel hair' that occur in the warmer days of Indian summer are probably due to be the same phenomenon. It is significant that of fourteen such incidents reported in Europe and the United States, all but three took place in October and November, the season of spider migration (91).

"Saucer" Trailing "Angel's Hair" Seen In Ohio

MARYSVILLE, O., May l. -- Some 80 children at the Jerome Elementary school here have reported a rain strange material from the sky in incidents during the past two weeks.
Mrs. George Ditmer, a teacher, said that on one occasion the children gathered the material, which resembled cotton, into a ball. She said the substance disappeared after a short while, without leaving any residue.
Warren and Mrs. Ditmer said the strange substance was floating in the air "like angel's hair" and drifted down to the ground. They said the stuff would disappear when an attempt was made to pick it up.
Warrick said the substance appeared to be webbed strands of some silky material coming from high, thin clouds. Both he and Mrs. Ditmer said the material was unlike anything they had seen before.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document containing a questionnaire with text.

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

(Circle One)

a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime 
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.

a. Certain 
b. Nearly certain
c. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you would construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearances as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten response text]

- page 13 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Flying near an airfield? 
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North degrees. b. From horizon degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North degrees. b. From horizon degrees.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It presents sketches and diagrams related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a form with various questions and fields to be filled out.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy or heavy clouds c. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. Slight breeze b. Strong wind c. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Mist, light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold b. Cool c. Warm d. Hot e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to someone that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
36.2 Please list their names and addresses.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a questionnaire or report form related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. government study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcription of text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)  Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _______ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)  Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _______ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present occupation? [Redacted]
Age: 39 Sex: M
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Redacted]

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

At 15:30 persons were driving from Marysville, Ohio to Jerome, Ohio. They observed a strange object in the sky traveling at a high rate of speed. The object was round in shape and appeared to be metallic in color. It was observed for approximately 3 minutes before disappearing. The witnesses were unable to estimate the size or altitude of the object.

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text, but no visual image.

Text from the document:

Dear Mrs. G.C.

Dear Mrs.

We have read with much interest the informatioin concerning the 'flying saucer' seen by Mrs. Harrington, near Jerome, Ohio, on the 22nd of October, 1954. This is of particular interest to us in view of the fact that we had a similar experience on the same date about thirty miles away, in the vicinity of Wheelersburg, Ohio. 

The object was first observed at approximately 7:00 p.m. as a bright light moving in the southern sky. At first it appeared to be a star, but as it drew closer it became quite obvious that it was not a star. It seemed to be circular in shape, and emitted a brilliant bluish-white light, which pulsated or flashed at regular intervals.

The object appeared to be under intelligent control, as it made at least three abrupt changes in its direction of flight. It moved with tremendous speed at times, and at other times seemed to hover or remain stitionery in the sky. We watched it for several minutes, until it finally moved out of sight behind some trees.

There were three of us who witnessed this object, and we are all in complete agreement as to what we saw. We are quite familiar with all types of aircraft, and this was definitely not any type of conventional aircraft.

We would be very interested to know if there were any other sightings of this object, or similar objects, in the general area on the same date. If you have any information concerning this, we would greatly appreciate hearing from you.

Sincerely yours,

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with redacted or obscured text. There is a large black redacted portion in the middle of the image.

To produce the OCR text:

MARYSVILLE, Ohio - JEROME, Ohio - WHEELERSBURG, Ohio

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed document with redacted text. As an OCR system, I can produce the following text from the document:

I was on one of my closest associates, ght I was seated on the porch at my home in when I suddenly noticed a bright light in the northwest sky. At first I thought it might be an airplane but as it approached nearer I could see that its shape was not that of an airplane. The light appeared to be approximately the size of a small airplane and was slowing descending in a vertical direction without any sound. As it came closer I could see that it was circular in shape and was emitting a bright light. The object then appeared to stop in midair and hover for approximately 30 seconds. It then ascended vertically at a rapid rate of speed and within a few seconds had disappeared from sight. I was quite amazed at what I had witnessed. The entire sighting lasted approximately 2 minutes. I immediately contacted the local authorities to report what I had seen but they were unable to offer any explanation. I am quite certain that what I saw was not an airplane or any other conventional aircraft. I believe that I may have witnessed an unidentified flying object.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

Performing OCR on the text:

"This is my reply to your letter of October 6th, in which you request information concerning an unidentified flying object sighting which was reported to have occurred near Marysville, Ohio, on September 11, 1954.

On September 14, 1954, this office received a report from Mr. [REDACTED], 326 Riverside Drive, Marysville, Ohio, stating that at approximately 9:30 p.m. on September 11, 1954, he and several other persons observed an unidentified object in the sky near Marysville, Ohio. According to the report, the object was described as a bright light that appeared to be circular in shape and was observed for a period of approximately 15 minutes. The light was reported to have changed in color from white to yellowish-orange and then back to white again. No further details concerning the sighting were provided.

In view of the limited information available, this office has been unable to determine the nature or identity of the object observed. It is possible that the object may have been a conventional aircraft, astronomical phenomenon, or some other natural occurrence. Without additional details, however, a definite identification cannot be made.

If you have any further information concerning this sighting, or if you are able to provide the names and addresses of any other witnesses, I would appreciate receiving such data. Any additional information that you can furnish would be most helpful in our effort to identify the nature of the reported object.

Yours sincerely,
[REDACTED]"

- page 22 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document. It does not contain any photographs, but there is a handwritten image at the top that appears to depict an unidentified flying object.

Transcription of the text:

"Your letter of October 27th, which reported your observation of an unidentified flying object, has been received.

The technical analysis of this case is still in process and any further information concerning the identity of the substance will be furnished you at the conclusion of this analysis. Your cooperation in furnishing this report is greatly appreciated.
Very truly yours,
signed

JOSEPH A. HICKS
Lieutenant, USAF
Investigator of Intelligence"

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, likely a questionnaire used to gather details about unidentified aerial phenomena sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please do not hesitate to express your opinions regarding this phenomenon. The information thus obtained will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?  _____________
2. Time of day: ____________________
3. Time seen: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted Postal Address], City of [Redacted], Ohio
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. ___________ Hours ___________ Minutes ___________ Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not certain d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Hazy daylight c. Dull daylight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire or survey about an unidentified object observed in the sky.

Project Blue Book Report 25 1954-10-8727686-MARYSVILLE-Ohio-JEROME-Ohio-WHEELERSBURG-Ohio.pdf

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
a. Yes
b. No
c. Don't remember

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker?

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
Yes ( No ) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
Yes ( No ) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes ( No )
b. Sun glasses Yes ( No )
c. Windshield Yes ( No )
d. Window glass Yes ( No )
e. Binoculars Yes ( No )
f. Telescope Yes ( No )
g. Thin clouds Yes ( No )
h. Other

- page 25 -

