There are no photographs present in the image.

Here is the text output from the document:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE : TIME GROUP
31 May/0500Z

2. LOCATION
Westwood, Cincinnati, Ohio (1)

3. SOURCE
civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
not reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
ground visual

7. COURSE
stationary

8. PHOTOS
o Yes
x No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
o Yes
x No

10. CONCLUSION WAS ASTRONOMICAL: STAR
Sighting characteristic of Astro Body observation. Star
Deneb at 45 deg elev, Vega at 60 deg in NE. Possibly one
of these stars.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Bright light observed between two trees. Seemed to pulsate and
as a result, moved from L to R. Motion slower than setting
sun. Observation through trees. Just prior to storm. Object
finally observed by storm clouds. Object observed to be in
NR through window. Motion to the South.

FTD SEP 63 O-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.
```

- page 1 -

There are no photographs present in the document. The text reads:

---
31/                                     Westwood, Cincinnati 6

                                                            June 3, 1954

Wright Patterson Air Force B ase
Dayton
Ohio

Gentlemen:

I live in Westwood, a suburb of Cincinnati. For whatever information
value it may have to you, I wish to report observing a bright star-like
light in the sky which I am certain was neither a plane nor a star.

My windows face northeast. Two tall trees are about 200 feet away.
On Monday night(May 31st) at midnight and after, I observed between
the top branches of the two trees a very bright light which I thought
to be a star. Watching it I wondered if it could be two stars together,
it was so large and seemed closer than the others. It seemed to pulsate.
Had the color of: tholight from an old-fashioned coal-oil lamp in the
distance on a very dark night.

Being fascinated, I decided to watch it, and became conscious that it
had movement. It moved from the space between the two trees to in.
back of; the one on the right and came out on the other side. At times
during its passage behind thtoree I could get glimpses of it. After
it came from behind the tree, it seemed to slip back behind it again,
and storm clouds then hid it and other stars in the sky from view.

It traveled from left to right in a pulsating fashion on what seemed
an almost horizontal line. I did not time the travel, but it seemed much
slower than the setting sun (or at least as slow) during the autumn
days.

Very truly yours,

[The signature has been redacted in the image]

- page 2 -

