This document does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP         2. LOCATION
31 OCT 54                    NEBRASKA, MISSOURI
0132

3. SOURCE                     10. CONCLUSION
CIVILIAN                      ASTRONOMICAL: METEOR

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS          11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
ONE                           Bright meteor, large trail, green. White, then all colors of
                              rainbow. Faded out.
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION      
- -                          
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION        7. COURSE
AIR VISUAL                    - -

8. PHOTOS                     9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes                         ☐ Yes
☒ No                          ☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)        Previous editions of this form may be used.
```

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of a typed document related to a UFO incident. Here’s the text from the page:

---
When the searchlight was lit again, the ball was still there.

Curious onlookers crowded around the searchlight; they also saw the “ball
of the Christmas tree”. They saw it up to the moment when (around 2300 hours)
the crew gave up, and decided to extinguish the searchlight. However, they
were not the only ones who saw it; the next morning, inhabitants of the suburbs
of Sablon and Queuleu, had to confirm the appearance of the phenomenon.

But, the radar apparatus, which had scanned the skies without interruption,
did not record anything.

”This 'thing'," explained one of the technicians, is non-metallic and, there-
fore, not detectable by radar.

The day-before-yesterday, the Metz Fair, which had been visited by more
than 600,000 visitors, closed its doors: no more searchlight, no more radar,
no more mysterious spheres. Nothing is left, but the testimony of a dozen
people; the searchlight operators, an officer of the Geographic Service of the
Army, and Commander Cottel, who’s report is impatiently awaited in the mansion
of the military governor. The curiosity, which can be well imagined, will make
the flying saucers an historic event.

Three little Beings in an Electric Saucer

Nevers, October 13

Two merchants of Clamecy, Mr, Louis Vigneron and Henri Gallois, who were
on their way to the fair at Corbigny, noticed, yesterday morning around six-
o’clock, from their little truck, a craft of cylindrical form and of a fairly
large diameter, appearing at a distance of approximately 50 meters.

At the same instant, the engine of the truck stopped and the headlights
went out.

2
---

- page 2 -

The image provided is a scanned text document. There are no photographs present within this image. Below is the text extracted as requested:

---

Mr. Gallois stated: "It took away my breath! My body was struck by a sort
of electrical discharge. I could very distinctly make out a craft which looked
like a saucer.

I noticed three beings of small stature and of seemingly bizarre shape
moving around the craft. We sat as if immobilized inside of the little truck
unable to move. Only after the craft had flown away with incredible rapidity,
could we continue on our way."

Mr. Vigneron confirmed these statements of his companion, and so did
a third witness, Mr. Henri Chanez, who is a carriage maker at Le Carrie in
the community of Claracey.

Car Stopped by the Passage of a Reddish Ball

Saint-Etienne, 12 October

Two people from Gueugnon, namely Messars Jeannet and Garnier, who were on
their way home in their automobile last Sunday night, witnessed an inexplicable
phenomenon:

Suddenly their vehicle was overflown by a sort of reddish ball which passed
by like a flash. The engine of the car stopped and all the lights of the car
went out. A few instants later, when the luminous apparition reached the
horizon, the headlights of the car functioned again, and the engine purred again.

A giant rocket taking off from a field, has been seen by Mr. Pierre Vidal,
cook, living at Croix-Daurade, near Toulouse, and by his nephew, Angel Hurle.
The phenomenon disappeared in a luminous orange and pale-green light. At the
spot where the rocket had presumably stopped, the grass was covered with a
fatty vapor, smelling of petroleum.

3

---

- page 3 -

There are no photographs present in this image. Here is the text output as requested:

Mr. M. Boy, a professor of mathematics, from Lusieny, discovered, over the
Saint-Germain-le-Livet woods, a silvery disc of seven or eight meters diameter
which rose quietly into the sky while turning around its own axle. After it
dived toward the ground from an altitude of approximately 600 meters, it took
off in a horizontal direction in a sort of dizzy attitude.

A "special advisory group", namely, the owner of a cafe, a rugby player, and
a champion swimmer, have also seen, above the chapel of Brouilly in the direction
of Montgelas in the department of Rhone, a flying saucer, moving like a ball used
for playing.

A bell-shaped object, three meter high, moving in bands of 12 meters in
an orange gleam and emitting sparks of greenish light, was observed for an hour,
on the railroad tracks from Svreux to Laviers, by an artist, his apprentices
and an agricultural worker.

A luminous mushroom, which moved rapidly and noiselessly, has been seen
Monday night at half-past 2300 hours, by Mres. Drouillard, at La Roche-sur-Yon.

A "flying cigar" of metallic appearance, from which three red-balls became
detached, has been seen by Mr. Roger Thevenin and Albert Daury, police officers
of the city force at Riom (Puy-de-Dôme).

Another "cigar", surrounded by an irridescent gleam, has been observed at
Bonpas in the oriental Pyrenees Mountains. It was discovered by Mr. Sebille,
a baker.

A craft of oblong shape, described big figure S's in the sky, and making
a noise like pressurized vapor, has been spotted by three young hunters over
the city of Gaillac (Aveyron). The same craft is alleged to have been observed
at Pont-de-Salars.

4

- page 4 -

This document does not contain a photograph. Here is the text from the document:

---
H - 2 -        FRANCE
                       Oct. 8, 1954

NEW UFO'S DESCRIBED AS 'SOUP TUREENS'

Paris, AFP, Radioteletype in French to the Americas, Oct. 7, 1954, 0439 GMT--:

(Text)

Paris--The appearance of mysterious objects, varying now from the classical "saucers" to "cigars" and "soup-tureens," is continuing in France's skies.

A Dordogne farmer saw "Martians" again yesterday. According to him, they were two normal men, of European type, dressed in khaki overalls. They came down from an object which had landed in the vicinity, approached the farmer and shook his hand, asking him: "Paris-Nord?" "Avew by stupidaction, the farmer was unable to answer. The two strangers stroked his dog and boarded their engine. They lighted up some kind of electrical lighting," and the apparatus flew away rapidly and noiselessly, without smoke or sparks, at a dizzy speed. Owing to fog and semi-darkness, the witness was unable to observe exactly, and gave the following description: "The object had the trunk of a big cart, and the front of an oval copper-tureen streamlined to the front."

Three inhabitants saw a luminous globe which seemed to swing at about 50 centimeters from the ground. The globe turned red and then blue and flew up vertically and rapidly. A similar globe was seen near La Rochelle.

In the Biarritz area, several persons have seen at different hours mysterious round and oval objects, which were leaving luminous trails in the sky.

On the golden coast, a young woman asserted that she saw an unknown object sending forth an orange light, landing near her house. Alerted neighbors ascertained later that earth lumps had been thrown around within a radius of 1½ meters at the place where the object had landed.

An Isere farmer saw a "Huge flying orange section." He said that its top was luminous and a little later I saw it divide along its length into three smaller sections, which gradually disappeared."

An inhabitant of Lower Seine saw an object "in the form of a luminous bundle, which changed into a ball before disappearing."

Finally, an engineer of Seine and Marne sent a letter to a local newspaper, stating that he had seen "a big disc, from 8 to 10 meters in diameter, which was rotating on a certain spot, while sending out red and purple lights. The object was about 500 meters in height and gliding over me for more than 20 minutes."

---

- page 5 -

There are no photographs present in the image provided.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system to produce an output of all the text found in the document:

```
- 11 -
FRANCE

Oct. 8, 1954

PRESS WEIGHS MOLOTOV'S BERLIN SPEECH

Paris, French Home Service, Oct. 8, 1954), 0700 GM--L

(Press Review on Molotov's Berlin Speech)

(Excerpts)

RESISTANCES DE L'OUEST says "Molotov has made, as was expected, a last
minute attempt to prevent the strengthening of western Europe. His
attempt is belittling place just as the French parliament debates the
London agreements. This coincidence throws a blinding light on Soviet aims."

LE PROGRES DE LYON  says: "Molotov wishes to strengthen Soviet links with
East Germany and to keep the door open for new negotiations." L'HUMANITE
says: "It is of course obvious that everything is not new in the Soviet
proposals. But one cannot seriously accuse a diplomacy of remaining faithful
to its principles when the latter are those of peaceful coexistence and
of negotiations. The fact that such principles are reaffirmed does not
weaken them."

LES ECHOS says: "Molotov's offers are vague and unreliable. His willingness
to resume negotiations does not mean that he has given up the demands which
led to the failure of previous negotiations. The preliminary conditions
laid down by the USSR remain today as unacceptable as they were yesterday."

LORD-SCAR says: "The duty of the Western Powers is to be prepared for
the worst. That does not prevent them from backing the 'best' if the
latter occurs."

LE POPULAIRE says: "One must continue to negotiate. But at the same
time one must also put the finishing touch to the defensive organization
of the free world. Events have shown that Soviet concessions are in ration
to firmness, organization, and solidarity of the West."

Robert Schuman writing in LE COURRIER DE LA SEINE says: "Constructive
cooperation between the East and the West is at present impossible
because of differences in the very views held by the two sides concern-
ing the role of man. All we can hope for and try to achieve is the
establishment of a modus vivendi between the two world with economic
and possibly cultural exchanges. This presupposing the relaxation of
controls and the lowering of present barriers."

- page 6 -

There are no photographs present in this page of the document.

Here's the text as an OCR would output:

---

FRAICE
- II 3 - Oct. 8, 1954

Midget 'Beings' in 'Thing' 

Farris, AFP, Radioteletype in English to the Americacs, Oct. 7, 1954, 1400 GMT--:

(Text)

Chauvont--A road worker near here reported today having seen one of the occupants of a "flying saucer" dressed in a "hair-covered cloak."

Andre Marcy, 48, of Merteu, Haute-Marne, sa-.-d he was walking along a road yesterday morning when he saw an orange-colored "thing" which he at first took to be a tree whose leaves were turning for the fall. As he approached, Marcy said he saw next to the "thing" a small 'being,' less than 4 feet 'tall, dressed in tire coat. Marcy said that when he called, the 'being' turned and entered the "machine" which rose vertically in the air.

Marcy said the machine was spherical in form, and about 30 feet in diameter. Underneath the machine was a sort of spindle, Marcy said, and between the spindle and the body of the machine was a "port hole" by which the "being" entered. A flame shot from the spindle as the machine took off, Marcy said. Marcy said he told his fellow workmen about the incident, and two of them returned with him to the site. All three said they found that the grass had turned slightly milk-colored, ar.d there were round imprints of small legs where the machine had stood.

---

- page 7 -

There are no photographs present on the page.

Here is the text output from the document:

- O -
SWITZERLAND

Oct. E, 1954

EUROPEAN NUCLEAR GROUP ELECTS OFFICERS

London, REUTERS, Radioteletype in En: lish to New York, Oct. 7, 1954, 2003 GMT--

(Text)

Geneva--Delegates from 12 nations today mapped out plains for op pointment
of top-level officials and adoption of a budget at the opening session
of the newly formed European Organization for Nuclear Research.

The EORF was founded last month with ratification of a convention by
Britain, Belgium, Denmark, France, Greece, the Netherlands, Sweden,
Switzerland and West Germany. Norway, Italy and Yugoslavia are
expected to join, but have as yet to ratify the co-nvention.

The organization's first nuclear equippment, a synmecrocyclotron, will be
built within the next 2 years and a protonsynehrocyclotron in about
6 years. Its laboratories will be at Isyrin, just outside Geneva.

Total contributions from all nations amounts to $1,979,000 with France
Giving the lion's share of $494,800.

Officers Elected

Paris, AFP, Radioteletype in French to the Amer/acas, Oct. 7, 1954, 2002 GMT--

(Text)

Geneva--Sir Ben Locklepiser of Great Britain has been elected President
of the European Organization for Nuclear Research the first meeting
of this organization. He replaces H. R. Vaughan of France, whose mandate
had expired 1 Jan. 1954. hen Terrenz of Dr. A. Tennenbaum of Italy
were elected vice presidents. The delegates of the 12 countries belongings
to this organization participated in the voting.

...

- page 8 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

The text of the document reads as follows:

```
FOREIGN SIGHTINGS                                   7 Dec 54

France, Italy, Yugoslavia, Switzerland

Report No. ATIC 201592 (IR-271-54) dated 27 October contains
various comments extracted from newspapers throughout Europe on
various UFO sightings. Descriptions include:

Flying cigars
Flying saucers
Translucent ellipses
Balls of fire
Illuminous fish trays
Immense greenish cigar

COMMENTS: ATIC attributed two major causes of the recent (Sep, Oct,
Nov 54) outbreak of sightings in Europe. Mr. Keyhoe's book
has recently been translated into various languages and is now
selling in Europe. Also, a current increase of meteoric activity
might account for a portion of the observations.

ATIC 2044940
Consists of a Downed French
ETTEL [?]d reconnaissance with my
own Reps a F5 for
Gasper L[?]men. a Boy
his Enginer Farmers. 
dTd 26 Oct54
```

- page 9 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document with text that appears to be in French.

Due to the poor quality of the scan, running an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) to produce an exact output of the text would likely produce errors. However, I will provide the text from the document to the best of my ability, keeping in mind that some of the words may be incorrect due to the quality of the source image:

```
Un scaphandrier 
aux yeux énormes

TOULOUSE, 13. — Un scaphandrier de petite taille avec une tête trois fois plus petite, ou, de disa grand-m'nome, telle est la description qu'fait M. Olivier, dent un "tout poussin" s'est merscedi soir vers 10 heures, raque dèscend de 4 mètre en piqué sur un terrain de quo* qui te habitait M. Olivier, ingénieur.
Un temoin voi une fote et Bia... sœurrais p*levé, à Toulouse, des homeins spatial yeux enormes M. Fenrino d'une jeune garçon d'une quinzaine d'années. Tous trois furent pour ne longuin lieu quarante minutes. puissque de venir eux surgirent s'ppari and que le contour roux, le dimension des boit scaphandres, du précus.
Vers la delaue, M. Olivier, ancienne p*rte d'Aviation, dessina a a créti- The de marine samedi, furt une e po'ine, la nappiare, je n'ai distlème poins de quat M. Peources, maréudral vaid, somme nous, emi là tu 'conche.
Après un temps tout court, endoneno mphlie,te temps qui paraissa papmère Un scaphandrier, re-qu( tout la la semaille, la suite et di prod dans vitrale, su une rue principaleule. en laissant un sillaje de lueur. 
En même rue de Toulouse, l'une quelle m'ain. Des traces huileuse on dit releves en plusieurs endroits de direction différentes.
L'une des olamesaude qa réleats sin too Lait minon aurtes de fata litres vullait à ajouter qu'un une ligne hemorrh. Il fut d'alley tant vu s'approcher, il avait assez leneu voie a vtindre de mais après une forte péninsule de gorge, lorsque l'avion s'est levé dant le ciel, il a été rien vue, depuis altarrec.

13 OCTEBRE 1954
```
Please note that this transcription might contain inaccuracies due to the low resolution and clarity of the source document.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. Here is the text as requested:

---
Article from French newspaper La Croix du Nord (North Star)

Types of Flying Saucers

Mimes, France

Several hunters in the community of Saint-Ambroix (Department of Gard), are
alleged to have recently seen seven very-small beings whose shape suggested
vaguely that of a human body. When the hunters attempted to approach them,
these beings precipitated themselves upon a phosphorescent craft which
immediately took off.

At the place where these flying saucer pilots had been, the hunters
discovered, on the ground, a number of grains of a queer appearance: they
had these grains examined by experts who found it impossible to identify them
among any group of grain-types known to science.

A Diver with Enormous Eyes

Toulouse

A diver of small stature with a large head in comparison to his body, and
two enormous eyes, was described Wednesday night by Mr. Olivver, an inhabitant
of Toulouse. This mysterious pilot alighted from a spherical craft which
landed at 1935 hours on an "undefined territory".

Mr. Olivver, owner of the Javel Neto establishment at Toulouse, was
accompanied by an employee, Mr. Perano and by a young boy of about 15 years
of age. All three of them saw the luminous craft land and noticed that it
was of spherical shape and of a reddish color, and also some people approaching
---

- page 11 -

There are no photographs present in this image. Below is the text from the document:

```
ADC A 31    ACT.02 SUS. 31/1022Z
NEBRASKA MISSODRI
N31373
WY48435
195340436
3700570
UJAW AN SY
ENERGENCY JEDERM JEPHA JEDMH 333 COCJ + OZJ
 
YJ 311322Z
FM: LOWRY FLIGHT SERVICE CENTER LOWRY AFB COLO
TO: JEDNJ/CG AIR DEFENSE.COMMAND ENT AFS COLO
JEDP4/SECRETARY OF DEFENSE WASHINGTON DC.
JEDMJ/COMMANDER OFFUTT AFB NEB
CIRVIS (3B) SOUTH OF GRAND ISLAND NEBR. SOUTH OF LINCOLN NEBR.
CITIZENS OF MALMA, NEBR. SOUTH OF ST. JOSEPH MO. OBSERVED WHAT
APPEARED TO BE A VERY BRIGHT METEOR (D) VERY BRIGHT GREEN IN COLOR
SOUTH OF OMAHA NEBR. THE APPEARED FOR VERY BRIEF TIME HEADING
LEAVING VERY LARGE TAIL BEHIND IN E-W FIVE DEGREE PATH
ALONG THE HORIZON APPROXIMATELY ONE HUNDERD MILES SOUTH OF LINCOLN
NEBR. REPORTED BY FOUR UNIDENTIFIED AIRLINES ONE AMERICAN AIRLINES PILOT (E) 313952Z
FLIGHT SERVICE CENTER, LOWRY AFB ° COLO.
31/1122Z OCT UJWAM
```

- page 12 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a text document. Here is the transcription of the text:

---
then, One of them, the "diver", sparkled like glass, according to the
witnesses.

Mr. Olivier, a veteran aviation pilot, drew this diver on a door in a
very impressive manner. Mr. Perano added, "I didn't believe it, but I
saw him just as well as I see you. That gave me a damn shock,"

After a short while, approximately one minute, the "diver" reached
the luminous sphere which took him away in a vertical ascent without noise, and disappeared in the sky at a terrific speed, leaving a streak of fire.

Due to darkness, the investigation could not be undertaken until
Thursday morning. Oily traces have been found at various spots at the "unidentified area".

One of the witnesses alleged that the flying saucer was surrounded by
irridescent reflections and emitted around itself a slight fog. He added that when he tried to approach, he was held back at a distance of approximately 20 meters by a paralyzing force, and was violently thrown to the ground when the craft had risen into the sky.

2
---

- page 13 -

The image provided appears to be a scanned page from an old document. There are no photographs present on this page, just typed and handwritten text. Here is the text as requested:

---

October 1954    Cherry Valley, New York                     no Case     (Information Only)     Source: Satellite 1 Jun 57 (Richard Hall)

[Header: SATELLITE Overexposed photo of the word SATELLITE on a dark background]

[Section on the left side of the document]

SNC-NEWSP REFERS DIED
Cherry Valley, N.Y.
October, 1954

"The time was about 4:00 P. M. and the sky was very clear viewed with streaks or layers of clouds, with blue sky between. In the trajectory of the sun which was about half way up the sky in a fairly upright direction, and having been an airplane spotter for a long time, I saw formed this disc, quite naturally, or looking at the sky.

It happened to be looking at the West in the direction of distant buildings, perhaps in a 75-mile distant and also some orange rust-colored roof glasses some seventy feet buildings. It was quite low...I saw something that in less than a minute away over the horizon, and everything was always it was. It was very large and tripped the places, not everything was a known airplane, and as it was very interesting...I had seen only a few hundred feet above the ground, but was over 300 ft., it did not seem more than that, it was moving normally, very much in the normal size to match more than indicated half believed to...away...so near, and then I could not see any wings or tail or fuselage generally, it seemed to be a large disc or long-shaped object, and in comparison with the objects below I estimated it to be perhaps 75 or 100 feet at least, in size. I had no occasion then to "block", but I saw how somebody gave the indication and I did not 'see' the 'nearer airplanes, the objects. It was moving like a wheel rolling, wheel and not rotating. In magnitude, if presented an elliptical appearance such a body could not object, which you viewed from an angle, the degree of ellipticity varying as it came up and passed me.

I must have seen it for 20 seconds or a little more. Then at it steady end carefully presented the appearance of a new and distinct shape of 5 or 6 slight slight color was grey and I think perhaps a little darker (Cont. on P.6) [remainder of text on this page is not intelligible]

[Section on the right side of the document]

"[North ???], Conn.) on the rear edge, not much but enough to take off the edge sharp-ly defined. Suddenly it stopped and seemed to go going to a direct motion, but at that angle it was just over my head, still in an upright direction. There was nothing at all to indicate what it was rotating...The sudden stop understood to be an engineer, because any motion reacted on occasion requires a no target or body the application of a very considerable force, more severe in some instances than (and a new) could very near, near trimmed I had ever come to be...

[the remainder of the text on this section of the document is not intelligible]

---

Please note that due to the quality of the scan and the format of the text, there may be inaccuracies or incomplete sections in the transcription. Additionally, certain words and sections are illegible or cut off in the image provided.

- page 14 -

There are no photographs present in this image. Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much 
information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed.
Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will
be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements,
conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so
that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?

Oct        1954
Month      Year

2. Time of day: 12 - 15 minutes
                Hour    minutes

                (Circle One): A.M.  or  P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):  a. Eastern
                              b. Central
                              c. Mountain
                              d. Pacific
                              e. Other

                (Circle One):  a. Daylight Saving
                              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
At Home -
Through open windows

        Nearest Postal Address                             City or Town                State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)

        Hours       Minutes      Seconds

        a. Certain               c. Not very sure
        b. Fairly certain        d. Just a guess          15 minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Speedy crossing of great sky expanse right overhead. Estimate

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes__     No__     for 15 minutes

6. What was the condition of the sky?

        DAY                     NIGHT
        a. Bright               a. Bright
        b. Cloudy               b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

(Circle One):     a. in front of you            d. (to your left) in meadow.
                  b. In back of you             e. Overhead
                  c. To your right              f. Don't remember

FORM                              
FTD OCR 164                           
OCT 62
Reproduced by LIBRARY of CONGRESS, Legislative Reference Service
(from approved F 179.24, 26 July, which is obsolete.
May 1965
```

- page 15 -

The page provided does not contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text from the document:

---
8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
   a. None
   b. A few
   c. Many
   d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
   a. Bright moonlight
   b. Dull moonlight
   c. No moonlight = pitch dark
   d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
   a. Clear sky
   b. Hazy
   c. Scattered clouds
   d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER? (Circle One):
   a. Dry
   b. Fog, mist, or light rain
   c. Moderate or heavy rain
   d. Snow
   e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
   a. Solid
   b. Transparent
   c. Vapor
   d. As a light
   e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
   a. Brighter
   b. Dimmer
   c. About the same
   d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
   (Circle One):
   a. Fuzzy or blurred
   b. Like a bright star
   c. Sharply outlined
   d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
   (Circle One for each question)
   a. Appear to stand still at any time?           Yes      No      Don't know
   b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes      No      Don't know
   c. Break up into parts or explode?              No       No      Don't know
   d. Give off sound?                              Yes      No      Don't know
   e. Change brightness?                           Yes      No      Don't know
   f. Change shape?                                Yes      No      Don't know
   g. Flash or flicker?                            Yes      No      Don't know
   h. Disappear and reappear?                      Yes      No      Don't know

---

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but it includes a drawn sketch in section 19.

Here's the OCR transcription of the text from the document:

---

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

it disappeared for 7 minutes
and then was no sign it was there

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes  No  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound – no sound heard
b. Color – Red green blue bright isolated

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm’s length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
match size 1/4 match head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

--- 

The sketch in section 19 depicts a rounded shape with annotations "colors bright bright" and "flam[p] z." An arrow indicates the direction of movement.

- page 17 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a questionnaire.

Here is the transcription of the text found in the document:

```
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
   (Circle One) Yes No
   If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? -------- took off.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
   (Circle One) Yes No
   If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw this object?
   (Circle One.)
   a. Inside a building )
   b. In a car
   c. Outdoors
   d. In an airplane (no)
   e. At sea
   f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
   a. In the business section of a city?
   b. In the residential section of a city?
   c. In open countryside?
   d. Near an airfield?
   e. Flying over a city?
   f. Flying over open country ------- still
   g. Other ------------ meadow

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
   24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
        a. North      b. East   c. South   d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest
   24.2 How fast were you moving? --------- miles per hour
   24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
            (Circle One) Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
   a. Eyeglasses      Yes    No
   b. Sunglasses      Yes    No
   c. Windshield      Yes    No
   d. Window glass    Yes    No
   e. Binoculars      Yes    No
   f. Telescope       Yes    No
   g. Thunderstorm    Yes    No
   h. Other -------------

26. In order to ______ an give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
   object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

   Remained on ground -----
   in 15 minutes disappeared
```

- page 18 -

The image contains two hand-drawn illustrations, one depicting a horizon with angle measurements and trees, and another of a compass with directional pointers.

Here is the OCR output of the text in the document:

---

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

It look like a plastic and transparent and clear (and very bright)

---

- page 19 -

This document does not contain any photographs.

The text on the document reads as follows:

```
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

no orther before

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No X
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

I was alone

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name

ADDRESS Street City Zone State

TELEPHONE NU. AGE 52 SEX F

indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

no other experience

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

Day Month Year
___ ___ 1954
          _____ family
```

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present on this page. 

Here is the text from the document:

---
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:

Day_____Month_____Year_____

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

It was 13 years ago I saw this object at the time no one believed what I saw I decided to send it I hope someone will see the same thing for I feel some alone with what I saw I believe someday the truth will come along and we will know the truth about flying saucers. This is the last I can offer and the truth I saw it I will never forget it.

(Signature redacted)

Fred Print. Mars
---

- page 21 -

There are no photographs present on this page. The text written on the page reads:

"P.S I wish to thank you for
the information on flying sources
I thank you again"

- page 22 -

No photographs are present in the image.

Here is the text from the document:

```
INFORMATION COPY
FOREIGN SIGHTINGS 6 Dec 1954

Report No. ATIC 200893 (IR-440-54) dated 22 October contains newspaper accounts of Italians who sighted UFO’s during October 1954.

Varied descriptions of size, composition, color and performance characteristics were reported, some of which are listed as follows:

"Flying Saucer" - Evaluated as sounding by:
Whitish luminous cigar
Fire-red pumpkin
Luminous discs
Luminous device
Flying cigar
Luminous circle
Silver blue disc
Torpedo shaped
Flying cylinder
Luminous circle

ATIC # 2082 740 (9-CM) (IR-46-S-54)
Traced to N.A. Italy Containing 112 Articles on UFO's
Northern ITALY

Italian newspaper accounts of UFO activity over ITALY
IR-440-54 Oct74 - ATIC 200893
```

- page 23 -

The image contains no photographs; it is a text document.

Here's the text extracted from the document:

---
No Case (Information Only)

SOURCE: FLYING SAUCER 10/54 (O, 4)

On October 3rd, 1954 about 7 o'clock in the evening all of my family and some of the neighbors saw eight U.F.O.'s which were flying due west in two groups and in V formation. They had a white light with a bluish tinge around the edge. These craft were flying about five thousand feet altitude and were silent. As soon as the UFO were out of sight I called the tower at Lockheed Air Terminal in Burbank, California (I was living in Pacoima, near San Fernando, at the time) and asked the man at the tower if they were aware of the UFO and he said yes, but that was all they would tell me. Later I found out through a friend who was a ham radio operator that the Lockheed Air Terminal called the Air National Guard at Van Nuys and they sent up a F 90 jet which chased these UFO, but could not catch up with them.

Vincent Pixley
8801 Surrey Ave.
Montclair, Calif.

8 October, 1954
Pacoima, California
---

- page 24 -

No photographs are present in the image you've provided.

Here is the OCR text output from the document:

---

No. Case (Information Only) DI 11 October 1954 Clindannest > | 
Source: Stvingfield 

Se[e 'Em?--Saucers Cover City 

Several Disc Objects Reported Over Cincinnati; 
Little Men Leave Craft in Germany, Says Here 

Mysterious aircraft . . . “orange-red col- 
ored, silent, disc-shaped and 60 feet in diam- 
eter,'' were reported hovering 300 feet over Cin- 
cinnati Monday, 

This was the fifth report within a week of 
similar objects seen around the city, always 
traveling in sets of three.

A similar wave of other parts of the world, 
cropped up in five other parts of the world, 
including Germany, Belgium, Egypt, Argentina, 
Lebanon and the French Cameroons.

LATEST DISCS ENCOUNTER Monday a- 
5 a.m. by W.W. Davis and Keith Windell at 
St. le reported the incident to Leonard H. 
Stringfield, 7017 Britton Avenue, MainShate 
Place, director of Civilian Aeroneplitten 
rary flying objects. He said the current reports
"seem to indicate a pattern” in the flight of the
sauceries.

One of Stringfield's neighbors, John H. 
Sundstrom, 7010 Britton Avenue, spotted a
formation of three discs Sunday at 5 p.m.

STRINGFIELD SAID Cincinnati is sup-
posed to be a magnetic fault line, and that pet-
haps the saucers come here to recharge.

In Meunster, Germany, 42-year-old movie
projectionist Hans "More said newers keep a 
DACHAUS SES a flying saucer has landed in 
field and peculiarly shaped creatures get out.

Hope said he noticed a bright blue light 
and thought at first it mim from a crashed
airplane. On closer examination, he declared,
he discovered a "cigar-shaped" craft hovering
about six feet above the ground and giving off
a brilliant blue radiance which nearly blinded
him, 

Then, the movie projectionists added, he
suddenly sighted four creatures about three and 
one-half feet in height. He said they had 
thick-set bodies, oversized hips and delicate 
legs" and wore rubber-like clothing.

T.L. CINCINNATI POST

Date 10-11-54
Edition Final

Section News Pg s - 


- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it features a document with text and a headline.

Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

```
Saucers Back Again
-This Time Bangkǒk

BANGKOK, Oct. 16 (INS)—
Thailand which has been feel­ing
ignored by interplanetary visi­tors—
have a sign of relief to­
day after a flying saucer was
spotted over Bangkok.
Bankoks 3 newspapers quot­
ed by Agence France Presse, not­
only called the sighting of a
saucer over their city "at last,"
but declared that "available in­
formation reveals that 'uninvited
guests' from outer space ... are
discriminating their attention here
with a friendly attitude toward
the people of Bangkok."

PERPIGNAN, France, Oct. 15
(INS) — A retired French cus­toms
man today phoned the news
of a flying saucer land and a tall
man dressed in "a diver's suit"
step out.
Agence France Presse said Da­
mien Sigueres, 65, described the
"saucer" as a large sphere.
He added that the occupant
"jumped back into his. craft and
took off rapidly, but noiselessly,
when he saw Sigueres' two dogs."
```

- page 26 -

There are no photographs present in the document. The text present on the document is as follows:

No Case (Information Only)

15 October, 1954, Bangkok, Thailand
M. J. Gest C.A. Oct. 7, 1954

- page 27 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs; it is a page of typed text.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

---
No Case (Information Only)
DMH (World of Flying Saucers)

27 October 1954
Rocky Mountain States

Idaho, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, Arizona, and New Mexico [9.
p.151]. Similar fireballs that vanished without trace were reported
on September 28, 1953, (AMS 2331), October 4, 1953 (AMS 2320),
---

- page 28 -

The document contains a small newspaper clipping with text but no photograph. Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

---
22 October 1954
Greenwich, Connecticut.
Government From Time
Oct. 20, 1954

Meteor Blazes
Across Sky In
7-Second Show

A large meteoric fireball estimated at about the size of a full moon as seen at dawn, blazed across the sky in Greenwich last night—taking a full seven seconds to burn out and disappear. The fireball swirled out of the southwest and burned out and disappeared in the southeastern sky. It was a pale green in color and left a long trail of sparks behind it.

It was sighted at the Ground Observer Corps observation tower at Greenwich Point at 10:55 p.m. by Timothy J. O’Keefe of Cos Cob, who was on duty at the time. William Urban and Lee Spann later reported they saw the fireball in central Greenwich.

Officials of the Ground Observer Corps said they received reports from other residents of the town who saw the luminous meteor and who thought it might have been a blazing plane about to crash.

- page 29 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It is a text-based document. Below is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

```
NOVEMBER 1954 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                         OBSERVER           EVALUATION
3       Burilson, Texas                                                          Unknown
3       St. Louis, Missouri                   Military            Aircraft (F-86)
4       Labrador                                   Military            Aircraft (MECZ)
4       Elmendorf, Alaska                  Military            Insufficient Data
5       St Lawrence, Alaska                Unknown         Insufficient Data
5       San Juan, Puerto Rico                                  Unknown         Aircraft
6       Memphis, Tennessee                Military           Balloon
6       LaFollette, Tennessee              Military           Aircraft
6       Brandenburg, Kentucky                                  Balloon
6       Nashville, Tennessee                  Military           Astro (METSOR)
7       New Castle AFB, Delaware       Military           Aircraft
7       Okinawa (CASE MISSING)       Mil & Civ               Balloon
7       Oneida, Tennessee                     Military           Balloon
7       Baltimore, Maryland                   Military           Aircraft
7       Brunswick, Georgia                    Military           Astro (METSOR)
7       Atlantic Ocean                             Military           Insufficient Data
8       Newark Valley, New York                               Other (FLARES)
8       Hampton Corner, Virginia                           Insufficient Data
9       Knoxville, Tennessee                  Military           Aircraft
9       Selma, Massachusetts               Military           Balloon
10     Townsend, Massachusetts       Astro (METSOR)
10     West Virginia                             Military           Aircraft
12     Louisville, Kentucky                     Astro (METSOR)
12     Massachusetts, New Jersey                           Balloon
12     Barberton, Ohio                           Multi Civilian   Aircraft
12     Killeen, Texas                             Military           Astro (METSOR)
14     Frederick, Maryland (CASE MISSING)              Civ & Unknown
15     Walker AFB, New Mexico              Military           Aircraft
15     Augusta, Maine                              Mil & Civ         UNIDENTIFIED
15     New Orleans, Louisiana              Mil & Civ (RADAR)    Insufficient Data
17     Alexandria, Louisiana                  Military           Insufficient Data
18     Gulf of Mexico                           Military (RADAR)    Insufficient Data
19     Ogden, Utah                                 Mil & Civ           Astro (METEOR)
19     Corvallis, Oregon                        Mil                  Unidentified
19     Euromount, Texas                       Mil                  Insufficient Data
21     New Orleans, Louisiana:                       Insufficient Data
21     Canterbury, New Zealand                         Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
22 .   Edwards AFB, California              Military           Aircraft (REPUBLIC)
23     Topia, New Mexico                       Astro (METSOR)
25     Los Alamos, New Mexico              Insufficient Data
25     San Antonio, Texas                     Aircraft (EC10)
25     Millville, New Jersey                  Unidentified
25     Manila, Philippines                         Other (BIRDS)
26     Cincinnati, Ohio                           Medical Doctor    Unidentified
29     Charleston, South Carolina (CASE MISSING)   Military       Astro (METSOR)
29     Birmingham, Alabama :                  Mil (PHOTO PHYS) Astro (METEOR)
(ALSO) Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, South Carolina, Florida observations........
```

- page 30 -

There are no photographs present on this page. Here is the text extracted from the document:

---
FOREIGN SIGHTINGS
France, Italy, Yugoslavia, Switzerland

7 June 54

Report No. ATIC UJ1229 (IR-271-54) dated 27 October contains various comments extracted from newspapers throughout Europe on various UFO sightings. Descriptions include:

Flying cigars
Flying saucers
Incandescent ellipses
Balls of fire
Explosions high tray
Intense luminal cylinders

COMMENT: ATIC attributed two major causes of the recent (Sep, Oct, Nov 53) outbreak of sightings in Europe: this book has recently been translated into various languages and is now selling in Europe. Also, a strange foretaste of meteoric activity might account for a portion of the observations.
---

- page 31 -

The image contains no photographs, only text. Here is the OCR transcription of the text present in the document:

---

Italian Skeptics Now
Eat Words on Saucers

The Evansville Press, a Scripps-Howard Newspaper, prints the
following account of flying saucers in Italy. It was written by
a former Evansville resident, MRS. JAMES HOGG III. She
lives in Florence, where she is secretary to Bernard Berenson,
art critic and writer. Her husband teaches in an art academy
there.

By MRS. JAMES HOGG 3rd.

The saucers are flying thickly before our trained scientist, Mr.
J. and skeptic around here and many Stefano Ud not try to
save his face. He and his words, boxer dog against the Martians,
but lost the against intimidated, in
We're so annoyed, they've been jected.
proven Florence three days in a clear. While Stefano sought
for new advanced ways to lose to liberate himself from his dog,
seeing them each time.
mysterious men appeared. While train strangers succeeded in
Formations of them meeting the disc and a few min
mere over La Vorro. The next ranch later, with a sound sim
was even more interesting lar to a shrill boat whistle, it
boats all along the Adriatic lifted vertically from the
wyri.ch describes in the ground.”

[The text is partially faded]

space of a half hour, so that
the course and speed could be
mately well plotted.
Thursday night in a little
town in the vicinity of Milan,
around 10 o'clock, a man relax
turning from the movies on his
bike was passing the local
sports field and noticed a high
nox of exceptional intensity, a lu
minous body and nearby two
lasi- small shadows that shuttled
is strange guttural sounds. He
raced back into the town to call
the police at the scene described what
he had seen.
A whole group of people went
back and later described figures
uran with white pants, grey jackets,
elements seemingly not transcend
iple here plastic. . The intense
night of the disc enabled them
not to perceive a form of dark that
see with a notable iridescence, color
reit recalled a little elephant.”
(A training apparatus?)
The description was of a disc
divided into two parts illumined
by a green light “that
jected on the ground on three
resh posts.” The upper part was
by a hemisphere cabin illuminated
by a slimy light so strong as to
envelop the eyes, and on top of
the cabin an antenna. When
finally they were able to force
the gates and approach the
figures, they retreated toward
the disc—all present, followed
with beating hearts none un-
fortunately, was armed but they
they found a box of fruit and threw
it.
Then an “Il Signor Giacomo
...

---

- page 32 -

The image appears to be an illustration rather than a photograph. It depicts a vivid scene involving three figures: one humanoid and two others that are distinctively non-human, likely meant to represent extraterrestrial beings. One of the non-human figures is smiling and standing next to what appears to be a spacecraft, while the other is engaged physically with the humanoid figure, grabbing at a bag or object in their hand. The setting includes outdoor elements like foliage and part of the spacecraft.

The document appears to contain no text other than "CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE" at the bottom right corner.

- page 33 -

The photograph depicts a woman, presumably Signora Danielli, in the company of her family inside a home setting. She appears to be recounting her experience with the alleged little men to her husband, who is holding a small child on his lap, and another child is present as well.

OCR Output:
NOW THEY'RE IN ITALY

Astral intruders are depicted by local artist

They had been in France and now over the Alps into Italy they came, only 1,376 years behind Hannibal’s elephants. The astral adventurers in flying saucers who so upset the French (LIFE, Nov. 1) had moved on. In the Tuscan village of Buccine two dwarfs popped out of a spaceship-shaped conveyance and accosted Signora Rosa Danielli. They snatched one of her silk stockings and also made off with some carnations she was carrying. Mrs. Danielli called the police. They listened. So did an artist for an Italian magazine, who imaginatively depicted the incident (below). Many other Italians have reported similar incidents (p. 13/4) involving flying disks, cigars and Mrmenut (Martians). The Italian air force, however, has reported that its radar, so far, has registered only recognizable aircraft.

DRAWING FROM ITALIAN MAGAZINE "LA DOMENICA DEL CORRIERE"- SHOWS HOW SIGNORA DANIELLI WAS ROBBED IN THE WOODS BY TWO MERRY CREATURES

THE VICTIM, Rosa Danielli, tells husband and children about her distressing meeting with strange little men. Police who went to the scene found nothing.

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text from the document:

---

UNCLASSIFIED PAGES, OCTOBER 1954
Information Only.

Article from French newspaper, "France-Soir", dated 14th October 1954

The military commander (governor) of Metz studies the
report of Commander Cottal, who saw a luminous craft
caught in the beam of a searchlight.

By special reporter Henri Pignolat

The military commander of Metz, General Navereuil, Commander of the Sixth
District listened this morning to a report by Commander Cottel, specialist of
terrestrial anti-aerial forces, on the presence (last Sunday) of a mysterious
craft, which appeared during a three-hour period in the beam of a powerful
army searchlight, in the sky over the city. It can be very well imagined,
with what care and caution the Commander of the FAA has edited this report.
Commander Cottel was in charge of the radar post, installed at the army
stand of the Commercial Fair at Metz which just closed. This post had a
powerful searchlight which swept the sky over the city during the fair. A
dozen men were around the apparatus when, on Sunday night, the beam of light
suddenly focused upon a motionless globe in the middle of the sky, "scintillating
like a ball on a Christmas tree," asserted the Commander.

The beam was directed straight upward. The "thing" seemed to be 10,000
meters off. This is, at least, what experts alleged. There was no mistake,
it must be stated.

"It is a sonde-ball," said one of the searchlight operators.
"Impossible, this must have a diameter of 50 meters." Everybody agreed,
but who can tell for sure?

The Radar Apparatus Did Not Record Anything

Since one did not dare to believe in flying saucers, it was decided to
clean the lenses and even to change the carbon-electrodes in the searchlight.

---

- page 35 -

Le document contient une photographie en haut à droite. L'image montre un objet volant non identifié qui semble être une soucoupe volante avec ce qui ressemble à une forme légèrement ovale, légèrement floue en raison de la qualité de l'image.

**Texte du document:**

LE gouverneur militaire de Metz étudie le rapport du commandant Cottel qui a vu un engin lumineux pris dans le faisceau d'un projecteur

(De notre envoyé spécial Henri PIGNOLET)

Le gouverneur militaire de Metz, général Naverre, commandant la 6e région, se penche pour commander Metz, spécialiste des forces terrestres antiériennes, jusqu'à présent, dimanche dernier, dans le ciel de la ville, d'un mystérieux engin qui pendant trois heures non stop dans les faisceaux d'un puissant projecteur de l'armée.

Ce rapport, on imagine avec quelles émotions et quel intérêt le commandant Cottel a pu rendre le compte de cette extraordinaire péripétie. Pendant des heures cet engin lumineux est resté figé au firmament malgré tous les efforts des pilotes qui avaient été donné la chasse. Il se trouvait là, immobile, captif dans le lumineux faisceau du projecteur et tout autour de l'atmosphère se déroulait une bataille sans précédent.

Une énorme étoile dans la nuit, scintillante et palpable, le commandant Cottel et ses hommes le regardaient, aux aguets, sans pouvoir distiller le secret de la technologie employée dans ce véhicule, si c’est un véhicule, capturé ainsi en direct à 10 h 05 CEST du matin.

Cet événement nous ouvre une nouvelle page dans le domaine de l'inexpliqué. Des passants, du projecteur amélioré avec la croix de métal, laissant derrière lui des mots croisés d'inventivité. "C'est impossible à produire, mais nous sommes en convaincu, une avancée de la science."

Trois et peut-être plus d'êtres observés dans une soucoupe volante

NEVERS, 13 octobre (dép. Reuters), M. Louis Vinconnais et Fernand Calmez, deux commerçants de Nevers, qui hier, samedi, à leur magasin, se rendaient chez lui en voiture à la tombée du jour, ont aperçu, à un coin de campagne, un autre engin dans le ciel, circulant à une intense vitesse en émettant une fumée de fumée iodée de roche éclairée en direct.

- page 36 -

