The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card that provides details about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 19 July 1954
2. LOCATION: Brooklyn N.Y.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: NOT GIVEN
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: ☐ Yes ☒ No
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: NOT GIVEN
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: NOT GIVEN
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: NOT GIVEN
9. COURSE: NOT GIVEN
10. CONCLUSIONS: 
☐ Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation 
☒ Unknown
11. COMMENTS: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned document from the Smithsonian Institution Astrophysical Observatory in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The text in the document is as follows:

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
ASTROPHYSICAL OBSERVATORY
SECTION OF UPPER ATMOSPHERE STUDIES
ION-OPTICAL SATELLITE TRACKING PROGRAM
CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS

March 18, 1959

Major _____
SAFIS-3
The Pentagon
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Major Tacker:

I am enclosing another letter regarding the "UFO" which I recently received and which possibly you might be interested in answering.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek
Associate Director

JAH:1c
Enc.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter from Lawrence J. Tacker, Major, USAF, Public Information Division, Office of Information Services, addressed to a Mr. [redacted] of Brooklyn, New York, dated 24 March 1959. The letter discusses the theories advanced in the recipient's letter of 5 March concerning unidentified flying objects, and provides a response from the Office of Information Services.

24 March 1959

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Your letter of 5 March concerning unidentified flying objects, addressed to Professor J. A. Hynek, has been referred to this office for reply. 

The theories advanced in your letter are most interesting. However, the data accumulated to date do not substantiate the existence of any phenomena that could be interpreted as evidence of the existence of the UFO phenomena in the United States. If, in your opinion, your sighting of 19 July 1954 proved to the contrary, we would be most interested in the facts surrounding this sighting.

Thank you for your interest in this matter.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. [redacted]
Brooklyn 19, New York

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

Prof. J.A. Hynek
Observatory
Cambridge, 
Mass.

Dear Professor Hynek:

I cannot begin with an obvious pretention for my inclination is natural enough! I desire to approach the road dead-center, in the hop it can lead to the Inn, where Man can reside in comfort. Long ago, sir J. Arthur Thomson wrote a fine book Riddles of Science: and this I pos to you, as a Scientist, certain riddles that have appeared, albeit, sin the atoms have been exploding and since we, Mankind, have been explorin the regions above our atmosphere: but kindly exculpate any of my in ferences realizing, I am a self-educated man, ever seeking fruitful knowledge. (I had had High School experence and Nonmatriculating cou in College.)

The first riddle: is the question of UFO'SI Sighted by numer persons of creditable background. I myself had one Night Sighting in July 19fifly four: which I outlined in detail for Professor Menzel; and he admitted I had an interesting sighting: but murely imagined it was the result of a fancied searchlight.  The second sighting was a probab Jan. twenty fourth instant! It was a daylight sighting: and a witness though unperturbed by the opinions I held, was there at the time. 

The AirForce sent me about ten pages of detailed information to fill o To go grindingly through this ritual over nothing is surely a vitiation of some sort.  This is the first riddle.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing various "riddles" or mysteries related to unidentified flying objects (UFOs) and their observations. The text discusses topics such as the reality of UFOs, the loss of space equipment, sightings of volcanic eruptions on the Moon, and the possibility of the Moon being occupied by hostile or semi-hostile groups. The document also expresses skepticism about the explanations given for these phenomena and suggests that the author believes the UFOs are real and their activities are either hostile or suspicious.

Text from the document:

The second riddle is based on observation and is directly involved with the first, sewing it is a fact that the UFO's are real and are not illusory phantoms of ones' imagination; which is shrinking because of the achievements already accomplished by science. It deals with the loss of our space equipment in mysterious fashion! What has happened to our flights; after their successful blast off? On several occasions it has been announced that there is no explanation for their disappearance. As in the case of the Vandenberg has been.
The explanations given are not in conformance to general knowledge. I am not satisfied, that whatever you wish to call that number, is still in orbit! If it is in orbit, are we sure that was not tampered with?
The third riddle is the sighting of a volcanic eruption on the Moon: by certain Russian astronomers: as well as sightings of corpses or similar substances in a given area. And this in point: it was earlier announced, that we or the Russia would hit the Moon with a death-dealing weapon! Why that particular means to impress the world? Can it be: the Moon is already a base occupied by hostile or semi-hostile groups of beings? Regard the disappearances of whole families: and certain other mysteries: that cannot be cast aside as mere tomfoolery! I do not just gloss over these things: I am seriously concerned about them! I think a man with some backbone ought to announce several things! That the UFO's are real! And that their activities are either hostile or suspicious! Or that they have some intent of dominating the earth: by methods known only to them. To say UFO's do not exist and To ignore it: is a terrible disaster to the soul. What say you sir?

- page 5 -

