The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card from the United States Air Force's historical UFO investigation program.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 1 Feb 54
2. LOCATION: Puante, California
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: Local 1015
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: OX Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: O Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 seconds
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Silhower, silver fussy edges + floating, rapidly rotating at high altitude. Clear sky.
11. COMMENTS: Little, if any residue in air - one small vapour trail. Looks vaguely like association between objects in air residue under possibility a/c possibility.

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. The image shows a blank document page with only text stating "This case includes one (1) 5x10 black and white photo."

OCR Text Output:
This case includes one (1) 5x10 black and white photo.

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a blurry, black-and-white photograph of what looks like some kind of unidentified aerial object or phenomenon. The object appears to be a somewhat indistinct, amorphous shape against a hazy background. There are no human figures visible in the image.

CLOSURE

CLOSURE

CLOSURE

CLOSURE

CLOSURE

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a declassified U.S. Air Force document related to a special investigation.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

SS-24-21-132    19 February 1954

SUBJECT: Sighting of an unidentified object over Puente, California

BY DIR: This confirms telephonic report.

TO: Commander
   115th Counterintelligence Center
   and 2nd Air Force Base
 Ohio

1. Transmittal: Herewith are two (2) copies of a report of investigation, of Special Case File -Puente, California, dated 11 February 1954, subject as above.

2. Investigation: Was requested by the 13th CGI District upon notification that an unknown object had reported by sighting of an unidentified object at Puente, California.

3. Investigation is considered closed in the files of the Office of Special Investigations.

4. Your attention is invited to the provisions of AFR 12-1 which prohibit the further dissemination of information regarding this case.

 KARL G. HENSEL
 Col., USAF
 Secret Commander

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS  
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS  
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
3AMC-175-37

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
THE INSPECTOR GENERAL USAF
18TH DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
OF SPECIALIZED DEPOT, BOX 315, MAYWOOD, CAIF.
1SD 24-230
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Sighted
On 16 February 1954
1215 hours, 1 February 1954
SPECIAL INQUIRY
TO: Commander of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Dayton, Ohio
1. Reference is made to report of investigation prepared by
Special Agent LEWIS C. WOODS, this District Office, 11 February 1954, which concerns the above matter.
2. Forwarded, apparently under separate cover is a sealed pink
glass jar containing a substance which may be of scientific interest. This substance, resembling a cresent, as mentioned in referenced report.
3. Your particular attention is invited to those portions of
referenced report in which advises that evidence substances contained in this jar seem to evaporate or disappear upon contact with the air.
4. Your attention is invited to the provisions of AFR 200-2,
which prohibits the release of investigative information to unauthorized persons.
ARTHUR E. CAUGHEY
COLONEL, USAF
District Commander
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. However, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
11 FEB 1954
REPORT MADE BY:  LEROY P. BETZ, S/A
REPORT MADE AT:  LGI / /13, Maywodd, California
TITLE: (Confidential) Unidentified Flying Objects sighted
BY: D / /13, Maywodd, California  
SYNOPSIS: This investigation requested by Colonel ARTHUR F. GEBICKI, District Commander, DGI /13, Maywaad, California, upon receipt of information that "an unknown object appearing above that location" was observed on 3 and 5 February 1954.
DETAILS: D / /13, Maywaad, California reported that while watching the sky on 3 and 5 February 1954, between approximately 1915 hours (7:15 p.m.) and 1945 hours (7:45 p.m.), an object appeared above that location which displayed various shapes and colors. The object was observed to move in apparently erratic flight paths, hovering at times and at other times moving at a considerable rate of speed. Witnesses stated the object appeared much larger than a normal aircraft, and cast a reflection on the ground below it. No definite shape could be determined, but the witnesses stated the object appeared to "change" shape and size during the observation. They further reported that the object seemed to ascend vertically at a high rate of speed when it finally departed the area. No sound was heard. Witnesses claimed that the object was visible to several local residents who also witnessed the incident.
This residue put in jar and would evaporate on contact with air. Against checks reveal no corroborative information on persons involved.

- page 6 -

This scanned document does not appear to contain any photographs. The image is all text, with some portions redacted or blacked out.

Transcribing the visible text:

UNCLASSIFIED

to get some of the substance "wrapped around this black cloth." He said he had wrapped some black cloth around the end of a hollow pole, and collected it as leaves and vegetation were pulled in by the cloth. He said the material attached to the cloth was a light, transparent substance, similar to a thin film or "gossamer web" and that various analyses had been made of it. DAILY stated that he did not know what this substance was, but he had obtained a television show on Sunday night, 31 January 1954, at which time a panel of personnel discussing flying saucers said the substance was similar to a type of fluff or "gossamer web" which has been observed around flying saucers. DAILY said that he had informed DAILY that he would check this back as soon as possible, and he now found that the material he had collected at the time had been stored and had been examined by the Intelligence Unit and had found that it could be "spun into a thread and was very brittle."

DAILY advises that he had called Capt JO.. L who is working on the matter, to follow up on his findings, and DAILY said that he and his wife had agreed for F. C. HIGGINS, a civilian security officer with the Los Angeles County Engineers, to see the substance. DAILY said that he and his wife visited the location and saw the black cloth from which the material had been obtained, and it was viewed by MILLER. MILLER said the substance appeared to have originated from the black cloth.

The DAILY said the substance disappeared mysteriously when the cloth was removed from the location. He states that when the cloth was removed from the ground, the substance seemed to evaporate, and it was viewed by MILLER and it appeared to disappear. He said it was similar in appearance to the black cloth from which it was obtained, and the "evaporation" of the substance occurred before their eyes.

UNCLASSIFIED

SUMMARY OF THE INFORMATION ABOUT HIMSELF AND HIS FINDINGS:

He is a DAILY surveyor of the substance "wrapped around a black cloth." He says he was an Instructor of Basics, primary and night, Enlist, USAF, and was discharged in September 1953. He contacted the Intelligence Unit regarding the substance, and says various analyses have been made of it. He obtained a television appearance on 31 January 1954 to discuss the substance. He had the substance examined by the Intelligence Unit, who found it could be "spun into a thread and was very brittle." He contacted Capt JO.. L who is working on the matter, and MILLER, who viewed the black cloth and substance. The substance mysteriously "evaporated" when the cloth was removed from the ground.

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

Text found in the document:

This investigation was started by Colonel ARTHUR T. CHAPMAN, District Commander, California Highway Patrol, DE NISON, California, on 2 February 1954, upon receipt of information that a mysterious object hovering above Puente, California, at approximately 1930 hours, 1 February 1954, and was observed with red lights and making a noise similar to that of jet engines.  

1. On 1 February 1954, at 2135 hours, Special Agent HAROLD E. TRACY, OSI, Intelligence, Los Angeles, California, and his wife, were in the city of Puente, California, when they observed a bright light in the sky, approximately 1,200 yards, 1 February 1954. The light was stationary for a while, then seemed to be moving rapidly, up and down, making an unusual noise similar to that of jet engines. The light disappeared from view after approximately 1,200 hours, 1 February 1954.  

2. On 2 February 1954, it was determined that the object observed on 1 February 1954 had not been seen by any other observer, and a check of local police departments and area radio and television stations failed to provide any other corroborative information.  

3. On 3 February 1954, the files of the Hayward City Police were checked, with negative results.

4. On 2 February 1954, it was determined that the object observed on 1 February 1954 had not been seen by any other observer, and a check of local police departments and area radio and television stations failed to provide any other corroborative information.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

"UNCLASSIFIED

On 2 February 1954, Mrs.__________________________, stated that at about 5:30 a.m. she had been lying on the sofa in her living room when she heard some jets flying over. She said they sounded like they were lower than usual and she went outside to look at them. She said she watched some more aircraft, had picked up her binoculars, and saw something that she always kept her field glasses handy because many aircraft pass her home. She said she had been hoping to see a 'flying saucer' and minutes later she did see a strange craft which she first thought was a cloud or a reflection of the moon. 

She said this object was stationary and glowing, and the nearer it came the brighter it became. She said it appeared to be silvery and about the size of a quarter held at arm's length. She said it hovered in the sky and then suddenly disappeared. She said she had called her husband to come and see it but by the time he got outside the object had already disappeared. She said she was uncertain as to what she had seen, but that it was very bright and did not resemble any aircraft she had ever seen before."

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

On 17 February 1954, the writer received the following information about herself; she is 34 years old, married and has five children. She has been an interviewer, as well as a writer and photographer, for a television program. She stated that on 1 February 1954, she had observed a flying object which she described as a large, bright light that changed colors and moved in an erratic fashion. She said she was very close to the object and that it hovered, made no sound, and was observed by herself and several other people. She also stated that when the object departed, it accelerated and disappeared from sight.

The writer was interviewed and stated that on 1 February 1954, he had observed a similar phenomenon. He stated that what he had observed was a large, luminous object that hovered, changed colors, and then accelerated and disappeared. He said he had called others to observe the object and had told his observer to bring the substance that had been collected when the object had departed.

The writer stated that the object was observed for approximately 20 minutes, 1 February 1954. He said that upon reviewing the data, he believed the object was not of this world. He stated that this was the third time he had observed such a phenomenon. He said he had discussed the matter with his superiors and that they had disappeared from the scene when the object had departed. He stated he had written articles on this matter and had received numerous inquiries for "Tales of the Supernatural."

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED 
13u 24-230
LOS AiiGELES AREA. He said he was forty-four years of age. Mrs. advised
that he had a bachelor degree from the University of Southern California. 
His business was listed as a mechanical engineer and was with the Loa Angeles County Department of California. It was advisad that he had called originally 
was a county civil engineer, formerly of the Planning Division of the County of
Los Angeles. Advise that when General Van Fleet had been sent to Korea, Mr. 
Norris had been instructed to join a military team to go to Korea with General Van Fleet in September 1950. He remained there until the late winter of 1953.

11. On 5 February 1954, a check of the files of the Los Angeles Rural
Bureau of Investigation on all above listed persons revealed no information of
a derogatory nature. 
LEjAAL MINTZ, CALLANAN

12. On 5 February 1954, a check of the files of the Los Angeles County 
Sheriff's Office on all above listed persons revealed no information.
There is no city police record in view and the local law enforcement
has had any derogatory information in its Los Angeles County Sheriff's Office at
Alhambra.

INCLUSIVE:
FOR DISTRICT OFFICE NO. _______
AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO
1. Photograph of plate jar with residue on black cloth enclosed. (Retained)
2. 2222

- page 11 -

