The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or record card from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE - 5/23/54
2. DATE - TIME GROUP - 0900-1000
3. LOCATION - Sardis Lake, Mississippi
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION - Visual
5. PHOTOS - Yes, PHYSICAL SPECTOR
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION - 8-10 minutes
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS - 1
8. COURSE - N/A
9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING - Obj was a Signl Corps Radio Controlled Model.
10. CONCLUSIONS - Probably Balloon Possibly Balloon Possibly Aircraft Possibly Aircraft
11. COMMENTS - Obj was a Signl Corps Radio Controlled Model.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document or form related to a UFO report.

ROUTING SLIP
TECHNICAL ANALYSIS DIVISION
AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE COMMAND
SUBJECT: LA-3
DATE REC'D 26 JUL 54
TO:
(  ) Chief 1. (  ) Information
(  ) Department 2. (  ) Coordination
(  ) LAA 3. (  ) Disposition
(  ) TEDO 4. (  ) File
(  ) A-2
(  ) I & O
(  ) Flight Control
(  ) ATFA
(  )  ATLE
(  ) ATLE

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper article from The Commercial Appeal in Memphis, Tennessee, dated September 22, 1954. The article discusses the discovery of a "strange object" that may be a portion of a data balloon from the U.S. Air Force. The article provides details about the object and the investigation by U.S. Engineers.

Text from the document:

Wednesday A. M. 22 Sept 1954
THE COMMERCIAL APPEAL, MEMPHIS.
Strange Object
May Be Portion
Of Data Balloon

SARDIS, Miss., Sept. 21 - (AP) -
Engineers opened an investigation here Tuesday to determine the identity of a strange object which plummeted from the skies into Sardis Lake several months ago.
U. S. Engineer Jack Stewart, chief of dam and reservoir at Sardis, announced that U.S. engineers recovered the object from the lake when receding waters in the huge reservoir left it exposed to view.
Stewart said engineers have not been able to determine the identity of the strange object which fell into the lake. A fisherman discovered the object some months ago.
Mr. Stewart said the recovered article, which was taken to the Sardis field engineers office, was about 10 plastic tubes 30 inches long and 1 inch in diameter, fastened together by a cross-hatch of wires. He said the tubes contained radio tubes and wires. "It seemed to be some kind of scientific instrument or device," he said.
Capt. Virgil Kuns, assistant flying safety officer at Greenville air base, said the object might have come from Greenville, though he couldn't be certain. He said the air force was not conducting any kind of test or experiment in this area at the time the object fell into the lake. 
"We don't have any idea as to the identity of the unidentified object," Dr. Stewart said. "We can't tell whether it came from Greenville or some other point." He said the air force has been advised of the discovery and that they may wish to make a further investigation of it.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newspaper article from "The Commercial Appeal" in Memphis, Tennessee, dated Thursday, September 23, 1954, with the headline "SARDIS MYSTERY BOX IS AIR FORCE RADIO".

The text of the article is as follows:

SARDIS MYSTERY BOX IS AIR FORCE RADIO
Greenville Base Identifies It As Lost Transmitter

GREENVILLE, Miss., Sept. 22 - A mysterious object which dropped from the sky into Sardis Lake three months ago was identified by Greenville Air Force base officials Wednesday as a Signal Corps radio transmitting device.

Lake and Reservoir officials at Sardis said they had kept up a weekly surveillance of the lake after J. P. Cullipher, a Como, Miss., fisherman, reported that an object fell near his boat three months ago.

Virgil Kuns, assistant flying safety officer at the Greenville base, was called in to identify the object after residents and authorities failed to find a satisfactory explanation for the incident.

Kuns said the object was a plastic case containing a metal radio tuning wires and other Air Force equipment. He agreed the case was a paramotor transmitter which had been lost from a training plane from the Greenville base.

"If we can locate the transmitter, we will ball out," Kuns said, explaining the transmitter is normally picked up by the plane carrying aircraft. The signal is usually held to guide the plane. The transmitter probably fell by accident from a passing plane.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

LOCATION: Fallen Oak, near Sardis Lake, Mississippi.

6. The apparition was taken to the Greenville Air Force Base by Capt. Virgil Kuns.  

Dear 13 Apr 59 
Lt. Colonel George W. Price 
Chief, Intelligence Branch 
Directorate of Operations 
Greenville Air Force Base 
Greenville, South Carolina

Incl.
1. Interrogation of Mrs. Paysinger about 4:00 P.M. 
2. Interrogation of Mrs. Paysinger about 10:00 A.M.

- page 5 -

Unfortunately, there does not appear to be any photograph present in this particular page from the Project Blue Book document. The image seems to be the text portion of a report.

TEXT OUTPUT:

CORPS OF ENGINEERS, U.S. ARMY
VICKSBURG DISTRICT OFFICE 
GREENWOOD ARA
SARDIS DAK FIELD OFFICE
SARDIS, MISS.

27 September 1954

SUBJECT: Fallen object - Sardis Lake, Mississippi

1. The area examined, Greenwood area Delta, was covered in a report made to this office on September 22, 1954. The essential details of this report are:

(a) Fisherman had reported a falling object in the lake crossing location.

(b) Examination of the lake revealed no object on the surface and no disturbance was noted in the water. An old 30 mm cartridge was found which appeared to have been in the water for some time.

(c) Inquiries were made in the area, but no additional information could be obtained.

2. The area was again visited on 25 September by the undersigned. No further information could be obtained, nor was any evidence found to indicate the presence of a fallen object.

3. It is considered that the original report was probably due to an erroneous observation or misinterpretation of some natural phenomenon. No evidence to support the existence of a fallen object has been found.

4. The case was reported to Captail Virgil King, Assistant Public Safety Officer, Grenada, Mississippi, by telephone on the 22nd of September. Mr. King stated he would investigate the matter further.

- page 6 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book archive, specifically a letter dated October 19, 1954 from Lt. Colonel JOSEPH A. BLODGER of the Directorate of Intelligence to Colonel THOMAS S. SIMPSON, District Engineer of Vicksburg, Mississippi.

The text of the letter is as follows:

AFOTN-X/Lt Col 8' ser/mt/71092/15 Oct 54

19 OCT 1954

Colonel Thomas S. Simpson
District Engineer, Corps of Engineers, USA
Vicksburg District
Vicksburg, Mississippi

Dear Colonel Simpson:

Thank you very much for your letter of October 5th containing a complete report of the fallen object at Sardis Lake, Mississippi.

As you are probably aware, for the past several years the Air Force has had a major scientific research program in this area, and reports such as yours are greatly appreciated.

For your convenience I am attaching a copy of the "U. S. Air Force Manual of Standardized Procedures for the Unified Flying Object Program" which compiles all of the latest facts which have been established by the Air Force in this program.

Thank you again for your interest in keeping the Air Force informed.

Very truly yours,

Signed
JOSEPH A. BLODGER
Lt Colonel, USAF
Directorate of Intelligence

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers regarding a "Fallen Object - Sardis Lake, Mississippi".

Here is the text from the document:

CORPS OF ENGINEERS, U. S. ARMY
OFFICE OF THE DISTRICT ENGINEER
VICKSBURG DISTRICT
U. S. COURT HOUSE BLDG.
VICKSBURG, MISSISSIPPI

REFER TO FILE NO. LMKV8

SUBJECT: Fallen Object - Sardis Lake, Mississippi.
TO:  Intelligence Officer, U. S. Air Force,
     Washington, D. C.

1. On 4 June 1954, Mr. __, a resident near Sardis Lake, reported that he saw a strange object fall near Sardis Lake, near Sardis Dam, where he was fishing. He reported this to the Department of the Army, Corps of Engineers, Lake and Dam. It was decided to conduct a search of the general locality where the object supposedly fell. It was determined that the object was in several pieces and could not be located. Since the normal plan of operations of our reservoir called for draining during the summer months, it was felt that the object would be exposed and perhaps could be recovered. Close observation was maintained and the object was recovered on 20 September 1954. Air Force personnel from the Greenville Air Base were contacted and identified the object as a signal corps radio.

2. In view of the frequent reports that are made in the papers concerning unidentified objects, it is believed that this information would be of value to your office for clearing up at least one unconfirmed report.

Inclosure:
1 - Report w/2 newspaper clippings.

THOMAS B. SIMPSON
District Engineer

- page 8 -

