The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a filled-out form for a Project 10073 Record. The form includes information such as the date, time group, location (Festus, Missouri), source (civilian), number of objects observed (one), length of observation (55 seconds), type of observation (sighting visual), and a brief summary and analysis. The summary describes the object as a "shape of flat cylinder 'Large Picnic Plate' first yellowish-white to grayish white to glowing white" that was observed from a car going 55 mph. The comments mention a "possible reflection from debris".

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE & TIME GROUP
1/20/54
2. LOCATION
FESTUS, MISSOURI
3. SOURCE
CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
55 SECONDS
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
SIGHTING VISUAL
7. COURSE
-
8. PHOTOS
[] Yes
[X] No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[] Yes
[X] No
10. CONCLUSION
OTHER: DEBRIS/REFLECTION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Shape of flat cylinder "Large Picnic Plate" first yellowish-white to grayish white to glowing white. Observed from car going 55 mph.
COMMENTS:
Possible reflection from debris.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document, specifically Project Blue Book, regarding an unidentified flying object sighting.

NAVY DEPARTMENT
BUREAU OF AERONAUTICS REPRESENTATIVE
McDONNELL AIRCRAFT CORPORATION
P.O. BOX 516
ST. LOUIS 3, MISSOURI
22 OCT 1954

SUBJECT: Unidentified flying objects; reporting of (IRCO REPT)
Ref: (a) CIND REPT 3820.1 of 28 Jul 1954 
DETAIL:
1. On 14 October 1954, this activity received a telephone call from Mr. __________, Columbia, Missouri concerning sighting of an unidentified flying object. Mr. __________ was requested to submit a complete report of the incident.

2. Reference (a) requests that sighting of unidentified flying objects be reported to the addressees. Accordingly, Mr. __________'s report is forwarded herewith as enclosure (1). The report as considered complete except that the report format set forth in reference (a) has not been utilized.

C. H. S. MURPHY

Copy to:
Director of Naval Intelligence
Commander Eastern Sea Frontier, 90 Church Street, New York 7, New York 
BAMB CENTER

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a typed report describing a UFO sighting that occurred on October 13, 1954 near Festus, Missouri.

Project Blue Book UNIDENTIFIED Object REPORT
Sighted on 13 October 1954 at approximately 2010 (during the Perry Como Show) about 13 miles south of Festus on the Festus-St. Genevieve highway. 
Weather: Send at about 1800 feet, very bright, rain, visibility unlimited. Almost FULL MOON clearly visible on the light haze.
Wind Direction: West or West Northwest.
Velocity: Wind velocity estimated at about 35 mph. Estimate based on blowing dust and rustling of leaves-not too definite. Wind was about what is normally observed.
Description of Object: Object appeared to be a very flat cylinder or near-cylinder about twelve (12) to fourteen (14) inches in diameter, and one (1) inch thickness. It seemed to hang motionless in the sky, with a slight rocking or oscillation. Could be described as looking a bit like the diameter (the object coming within five (5) or six (6) feet of my windshield) and sure that it was larger than eighteen (18) inches and smaller than twenty-four (24) inches. There is no doubt that it was solid, and opaque. It looked very like a paper plate or white plastic dinner plate in appearance.
Three colors were observed. When first sighted (narrative follows) it was a yellow-white which rapidly dimmed and changed to a brilliant white light. During the second phase it was a brilliant white. When very close and viewed at a two to three inch diameter it appeared to have a distinct cloudy or hazy green color on the underside.
As far as could be observed there was no trail or exhaust, and no discernible sound.
I make no estimate of the speed of the object, but I believe a mathematician could figure this out with reasonable accuracy. I was running about sixty (60) mph and the approaching car must have been going within ten (10) miles plus or minus of that speed. The object was close enough that I had to dim my lights (as we passed) and it seemed to disappear somewhere around 2005.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text of the document has been extracted and is provided below:

About a mile on past (north) the restaurant I saw a car come over a rise. The car had intentionally pulled slightly off the road, and there was a dark 'thing' of some kind about half way up in the distance of the car - it just came up out of the ground suddenly. The car had stopped and as it got past the 'thing' about fifty (50) feet, then the 'thing' or whatever it was disappeared back into the ground.

A couple of seconds later this array light disappeared (that seemed natural enough), but about the same time I noticed a dark bar like shadow in the air about two thirds the size of the car. This disappeared to the ground but was not solid. Then about fifteen (15) seconds there was another flash (lR) and then it disappeared. Again it was pacing the car. I noticed it but it only registered.

All of a sudden I became aware that the shadow had changed from a bar or solid shape to an oval shape as though it had moved rapidly from a position in front of my west headlight diagonally across in front of my car. The two cars were probably about three hundred (300) feet apart at this time. It also appeared to be rising slightly.

About this time I saw a picture of the 'thing' that I had seen first being reflected by my car. The shape was changing from oval to a fuller circle and I remember the thought flashed through my mind why the windows a big inside diameter might have something doing this. The color was grey-white, and the rotating motion was very distinct. There (Blank) that the object was rotating slightly clockwise (or possibly counterclockwise).

When the two cars were maybe a hundred fifty (150) feet apart the thing suddenly zipped at terrific speed directly at my windshield. It came right up from about the hood, it seemed, and passed over the roof. It was glowing and much more solid than a picnic plate. I ducked and swerved the car to the right. As I ducked it seemed to change course and I believe it went off to the right (east) at an angle of about seventy-five (75) or eighty (80) degrees to the path. I do not know if it did not go over the top of the car, or to the right side at the window level.

My impression is that when pacing the other car its diameter was nearly as wide as the car itself. When it began to accelerate it tipped this axis, but in the opposite manner from a helicopter getting down in brilliant sunlight. It appeared to change to a brilliant rectangle. This brilliant object lost contact with the ground when it changed course and missed me. (Again I want to say that this brilliant white color may have been a reflection at close range from a very white surface).

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report.

I stopped, calmed down a little, then drove on. My first thoughts were that it had been a picnic plate or similar object - I felt that the transient object, being dark but sharp, and the plate slightly reflecting, might have had some connection except in my own mind. It did seem rather unusual.
I analyzed it during the rest of the drive into Festus, several hours that night and the following day. The object appeared not to be one which could not be reconciled with the visual observations.
I had been an explosion encountered with the illumination connected with the concrete object which seemed freakish and improbable, but not impossible to explain by natural means. The change in speed I was going, the speed it was going, the apparent collision course, and the blowing of the object when I slowed, I could not completely describe. Considering the distance it was away, the change in direction would require more speed and maneuvers than the wind could give it.
I finally decided to report the occurrence, and did so on 14 October 1954, in a telephone conversation with A. B. Craidon, USN. The above is a confirmation and amplification of our conversation.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 5 -

