The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form filled out as part of Project 10073, a UFO report document.

Circular object: Flying at 800 meters (alt), it gave off an intense light and left a trail of reddish smoke.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 14 Sep 54
2. LOCATION: Finland 
3. SOURCE: [blank]
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 7 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: [blank]
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an excerpt from a series of UFO sightings observed during various periods, as described in the text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

The following is an extract of a series of UFO sightings observed over various locations during the period 11 July-30 Sep 54.

Austria - 19 Aug 54
Bright, disc-like object, about twice as large as Venus. Observed for 2 minutes. ATIC Eval: Possible Balloon.

Finland - 25 Sep 54
Bright, circular flying object over Helsinki at night. Flying at 300 meters (all). It gave off an intense light and left a trail of reddish smoke. Visible for 7 sec. ATIC Eval: Possible meteorite.

France - 3 Sep 54
A Paris resident observed a luminous circular object flying over the city. ATIC Eval: Insufficient data.

Germany - 7 Sep 54
The object was grey and was observed hovering over a field near Soest for about 15 seconds. When the object began to fly, it seemed to have a closed door on its side. When the object had flown about 50 meters, it disappeared vertically and disappeared almost instantly.

Italy - 14 Sep 54
Two inhabitants of Piacenza reported sighting of a round, white object, making a strange, low noise. The object seemed to a stone's throw and then disappeared at high speed. ATIC Eval: Insufficient data.

Rome - 17 Sep 54
On the afternoon of 17 Sep 54, the control tower at the Ciampino Air Base observed a mysterious object about 1,500 meters in the air. The object was a clear flying object, about half the size of a typical fighter plane, and it flew at very high speed.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Netherlands - 4 Aug 54
Two firemen observed two "flying objects" over the airbase of the 18th Tactical Wing of the Royal Netherlands Air Force on 4 Aug 54. They were first noticed at 20:30 as small, red, luminous objects. They were in sight for about 10 minutes at times remaining motionless and at times moving very fast. They moved in a circular pattern and disappeared suddenly. They were observed with a military gray light.
Note: During the summer and fall months of 1954, there has been a marked increase in UFO sightings throughout Europe. This attributes to the intensity of the sightings and the publicity they have received. UFO sightings which have resulted in influencing a great number of persons for personal publicity.
Dr. D. Keyhoe's book was recently translated into various foreign languages, and his data at present corroborates the increase in UFO sightings during the summer of 1954.

- page 3 -

