The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, specifically report number 10073, related to a sighting that occurred in Athens, Georgia.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
a. DATE - TIME - 2/11/00325
b. LOCATION - Athens, Georgia
W. CONCLUSION - UNIDENTIFIED
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS - 13
9. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION - 15 MIN.
10. TYPE OF OBSERVATION - Visual
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
V formation, objects size & color or grapes/fruit. Rapid flight, measurable distance HOUR, erratic and level flight. Cloudy at 5000' - objects under clouds. Very reliable report.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the U.S. Department of Air Science & Tactics, Air Force Detachment 160 at the University of Georgia, reporting on an unidentified flying object sighting on April 27, 1954.

The OCR text from the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF AIR SCIENCE & TACTICS
AIR FORCE DETACHMENT 160
The University of Georgia
Athens, Georgia
27 April 1954

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object.

TO: Director of Intelligence
Headquarters U.S.A.F.
Washington 25, D.C.

In compliance with AF Regulation No. 200-2, 26 August 1953, the following report is submitted:

(1) Description of the objects:
(a) The shape of the object appeared to be roundish.
(b) The object had a bright color, 'like a searchlight'.
(c) Apparent size is to 20' in diameter.
(d) Flew very fast and climbed rapidly, like a check mark at the top.
(e) Came and went to the right. Flew a zig-zag shape.
(f) None other than above.
(g) No sound.
(h) The smoothness of the flight through the air.

(2) Description of course of objects:
(a) Witness just happened to look up and saw the formation of the objects called the attention of the other people on the porch to the formation and they paused to look and see it.
(b) Facing due south the formation came in at 1930 low and flying due north. They were under the clouds and disappeared into the night at six o'clock (due north).

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting an unidentified flying object sighting.

Dgt PICO AF ROTC Univ of Ga Subj: Report of Unidentified Flying Object 27 April 1954

(c) Facing due south, the formation disappeared at the cloud's trailing edge. They just flew into
(a) They held a straight and level path.
(b) Just flew out of sight.

(3) Manner of observations
(a) Ground-visual.
(b) None 
(c) N/A

(4) Time and date of sightings:
(a) 2700352
(b) 14.15

(5) Athens, Georgia

(6) Identifying information of all observers:
(a) No.  
Airman, Athens, Ga.
Operator of radio office (15 years)
Reported reliable, dependable, and a meticulous observer.

(8) Mrs.
Athens, Ga.
Considered reliable

16 years of age
Athens, Ga
Considered reliable

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report about an Unidentified Flying Object sighting.

Des #160 AF ROT UNO OF GA SUBJ: REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT 27 APRIL 1954

(7) See attached report.
(8) None
(9) None
(10) None
(11) See statement Colonel L. G. Duggar attached. 
(12) Capt. James Scott Sutton and Tactical Instructor of 1st Cav. Div.. GEORGIA. Senior pilot with approximately 4,000 hours military flying time. It is my belief that any lights seen below cloud level on the operation of this aircraft normally flown high above the cloud cover, and especially any jets to have been easily heard. The sounds are similarly quite and jets can be easily heard up to 30,000 to 40,000 feet altitude.

INCLS: 
1. Col. Duggar
Stat my part
Weather report

Copies of this report furnished:
Original: Dir of Intel, HQ USAF
Copies: Commander, ADC, Ent AFB, Colo
Commander, Air Tech Comd, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Commander, AF ROTC

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a statement dated 27 April 1954 from the Department of Air Science & Tactics at the AFROTC Detachment 160 at the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia.

The text of the statement is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF AIR SCIENCE & TACTICS
AT AFROTC DETACHMENT 160
The University of Georgia
Athens, Georgia

27 April 1954

STATEMENT

At the time of sighting, the Professor of Air Science and Tactics, University of Georgia (Detachment 160), witnessed a C-45 between Robbins Air Force Base, Georgia, and Dobbins Air Force Base, Georgia. Estimated time of sighting was approximately 2030 hours. At 2035 hours, the UHF of the reported sighting was at general clouds covering the area and seemed to be moving away and gaining altitude. The observer could hear it on Channel 5 calling Robbins, a distance of approximately 60 miles, and was comparatively low, at approximately 4,000 to 4,500 feet. It would have been observed by ground observers in or out of Athens, but no flight was scheduled at that time nor is there any airline on any airway scheduled at that time.

J.M. Duggan 
Col. USAF
P.A.S.&T.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

S-T-A-T-E-M-E-N-T
Athens, Georgia
27 April 1954

In addition to the information contained in the letter from the Assistant Director of Scientific University of Georgia, dated 27 April 1954, I would like to add that this was not an airplane or satellite. The trail seemed to disappear and reappear, and it seemed to emit a "haze" or "mist" which couldn't be estimated. The smoothness and the soundless effect was remarkable. A few seconds after it went directly overhead, coming directly from the trail, they had this object which appeared to be about the size of an object which appeared to be about the size of a basketball. It went through scattered clouds and disappeared into the southwest. It was at a tremendous height and was a brilliant white light.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document from the United States Weather Bureau, dated April 26, 1954, regarding a report or sighting that occurred in Athens, Georgia.

Text extracted from the document:

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
WEATHER BUREAU

Station: Athens, Georgia
Date: April 26, 1954

At the conclusion of the records of the U.S. Weather Bureau, I hereby certify that the attached is a true copy thereof.

E. KIMBROUGH CARTER
Meteorologist in Charge

- page 7 -

