There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2/6/54 2334
2. LOCATION Chicago, Illinois  
3. CONCLUSION INSUFFICIENT DATA
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 3 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
7. COURSE SE  
8. PHOTOS 0 Yes, 0 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 0 Yes, 0 No
FORM
FTD SEP 43 0-329 (TDE) Previous edition of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, with handwritten text that states "This case contains 2 3x5" photos."

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

This case contains 2
3x5" photos.

- page 2 -

The image contains two black and white photographs. The top photograph appears to show a blurry, indistinct object in the sky. The bottom photograph shows some trees or foliage in the foreground, with a large, indistinct object in the background.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (U.F.O.) 
INCIDENT

1. This report is made in accordance with Air Force Manual 200-2, Reporting of Unidentified Flying Objects.

2. Date and Time of Observation: 6 May 1954; 7:30 PM

3. Location: Chicago, Illinois

4. Description of Object:
The object was first noticed as a stationary light in the sky. After about 2 minutes it began to move. The object had an elongated shape and a bluish color. It seemed to be oscillating or rocking back and forth. The object was observed for approximately 4 minutes.

5. Course of Object:
The object moved from a stationary position to the northeast, then to the northwest, and finally disappeared from sight.

6. Manner of Observation:
The object was observed by the reporting officer through 7x50 binoculars.

7. Background:
The sky was clear with only a few scattered clouds. The object was observed against a dark background.

8. Opinion as to Cause:
The reporting officer is unable to identify the object. It does not appear to be an aircraft, balloon, or other known object.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

Extracted text:

24 NOG
Chicago, Ill.
Multi
the technical description writer
Wright-Patterson Field
... Other

Examination
The date is May 24, 1952. The witness is 7:00 o'clock. If was sighting us way, and several others, including a sales manager, saw an object fly out of the sky and hover for some time. Then it took off at tremendous speed, making a short turn and disappearing. I intend to give these further details later. The original sighting and motion were and shall remain the record. I have called the Air Force and they seem considerably interested in the matter and in investigating further. I may discuss it further as the situation determines. Here is the material that can be forwarded to you at this time. Kindly acknowledge receipt, so I will know you have received it. Thanks for your interest and assistance.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document, possibly a report or narrative.

Text transcription:

As the sighting continued, it seems the objects increased in size and showed more distinct form as they approached and seemed to pass over. The witness stated that he watched them for several minutes and was puzzled as to what they could be. He felt they were definitely not airplanes, nor anything he had ever seen before. The objects appeared to be circular in shape, with a dull metallic color, and as they passed overhead, they seemed to reflect some light. He noted that they made no sound and moved in a rather erratic fashion, changing direction and speed. After passing directly overhead, they continued on out of sight to the west. The witness stated that there seemed to be about 5-6 objects, although the exact number was difficult to determine as they appeared to merge and separate at times. The sighting lasted for about 3-4 minutes. The witness, who was an electronics technician, felt that the objects were not any type of conventional aircraft and left him puzzled as to their identity. He was convinced, however, that what he observed was definitely not of this world. South, Illinois, this sighting.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

A typewritten slip attached to my report of the previous evening, under date of April 16, 1954, states that a final report on this matter is enclosed. I regret that I was mistaken complete detail as to my exact recollections and what I actually saw and heard, which is of course diminished and certain matters in question.

As of 10:30 minutes next night, I would state with my problem son view was not obstructed noticing a rounds of the same objects seen previously evening, circling and maneuvering over the vicinity as though on patrol or inspection. I am satisfied I could identify the objects if seen again.

Sean Regenfeld
Contact Number: 555-555 station, Waukegan, Illinois
May Health, wife, and 3 children, aged 5, 8, and 10 years.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that includes several circular diagrams or illustrations, possibly representing observations or sightings related to unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

May 7, 1954
ACTUAL SIZE
ACTUAL SIZE

- page 7 -

The image appears to contain a series of oval shapes, potentially representing some kind of graphical representation or diagrams. There is no visible photograph in this image.

Project Blue Book was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969. The filename suggests this is a page from a report related to the Project Blue Book program.

Output of the text found in the document:

6.0 ecu 5.0 ecu 0.5 ecu 1.5 ecu
1.0 ecu 1.0 ecu 1.0 ecu 1.0 ecu

- page 8 -

