The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book, which was the official program of the United States Air Force to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

The text on the record card is as follows:

1. DATE: About 1955
2. LOCATION: Chicago, Illinois 
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: None
6. SOURCE: Xa Y..
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: n/a
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: none
9. COURSE: n/a
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Photo sent to ATIC for analysis in 1960. of picture taken in 1955.
11. COMMENTS: Negative requested, not received. Photo shows only light and no physical object. Motion or the print cut off part of the object seen. Insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph, but rather an old typed letter related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book. The text in the letter describes the writer's experience with sighting several UFOs in 1959 while driving near Chicago. The writer mentions taking pictures of the UFOs but losing the negatives. The letter requests the recipient, who appears to be from the Air Force's Technical Intelligence division, to provide more information on the writer's UFO sighting and offer any assistance in obtaining a print of the lost photograph.

Text from the Document:

Air Technical Intelligence
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs,

Back in 1959 I sighted several U.F.O.'s, along with my brother, while playing on the Northwestide of Chicago. We were driving in my car when I saw a flash in the sky to the northeast of the city.

After stopping the car, there I saw and grabbed my camera. When I opened the camera, however, the film broke and I then went to the top of a fire escape on a school to get a better look at them. I have a picture, but when I took it to the local photo shop to have it developed I was told that the negative was lost.

When I had the film developed a few days later, I was then told that the negative was lost.

If you are still interested in U.F.O reports, you may write to me and I will be happy to give you more information on this sighting, plus the print of the picture since I lost the negative.

Very truly yours,

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The text in the image reads:

"This Case Includes
One (4) 2" x 2 1/2" photo."

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, rather than a photograph. The sketch depicts an object labeled "Rear" with some additional annotations and markings around it.

Patrick J. Gannon
the fellors rg a ubrfair mfe.
Romai
Photo 1 sbeau 2 yrs

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, the United States Air Force's official program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

ATIC-H-22

UFO SIGHTING

SAPOF-34 (1944 Tactics)

Subject individual is forwarded a questionnaire for his completion, also requesting that he forward the print of a UFO which he has stated he has in his possession.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

ROBERT E. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

24 MAR 1950

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter.

SAJOI-3a/Capt Mack/amb/7221

29 March 1960

Dear Mr. [redacted],

We note your comments of 17 March 1960 regarding a photograph of a UFO which currently is in your possession.

It is suggested you forward the original photograph to this office for evaluation. This is necessary before any final determination can be made regarding this observation. Appropriate arrangements for return of the photograph will be made.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
MAJOR, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mundeline, Illinois

Comeback OI-34
Register OI-1

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on letterhead from the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, United States Air Force, to an unnamed recipient. The letter discusses sending a picture for evaluation, and the author suggests that it might be something interesting to look into further. The letter is dated April 5, 1960 and is signed at the bottom, with the signature redacted.

Here is the full text of the document:

Panhandle, Ill.
April 5, 1960

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

It was suggested to send this picture to you for evaluation. If you find it to be nothing at all don't think I'm nuts because I am not, it's just that I'm curious to find out what it is.

I think it might be something I will look for the negative. However, I'll be in touch please return the picture.

Thank you for your time and consideration in this matter.

Yours truly,
[Redacted]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document from the "Air Technical Intelligence Center, United States Air Force" regarding a "Request for Photo Negative".

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

AFGNI-1-52 	18 APR 1950
Request for Photo Negative

SAFOI-3d (Lt. Tacker)

1. The photographic print of an alleged UFO sent to this Center by Lt. Tacker is returned. We are asked to send the negative, plus a description of the camera and lens which was used. This should be forwarded for completion concerning the photograph.

2. It is further suggested that we are informed that we are not requesting the negative because we think there is something unusual on it, but that it is necessary to increase the probability of a positive identification being made by the Air Force.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

1 Atch:
Cover Ltr Dtd 5 Apr 50 *

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a project blue book document, specifically a letter from the USAF's Major LAWRENCE J. TACKER to an individual regarding the report of a possible unidentified flying object. The letter discusses the process of investigating the sighting and requests the individual to provide additional information to aid in the analysis.

The text of the document is as follows:

20 April 1960

Dear Mr. *****, 

This is to acknowledge your letter of 3 April 1960 which gave details of your sighting of a possible unidentified flying object.

The procedure we follow in such cases is to have a thorough analysis made of the sighting. This positive identification is so important that we will have to ask you to provide us with all the information you can on this particular sighting.

In addition, we will need more information with regard to the circumstances under which the sighting was made. We will need a description of the object, its size, shape, color, speed, direction of travel, duration of sighting, etc. The Air Force Questionnaire included herewith should be carefully completed with respect to this UFO sighting.

When this is accomplished, please send the questionnaire and the negative, if any, to the Air Force Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Chief, Information Division
Office of Information

Inclosure:
Mundelein, Illinois

- page 9 -

