The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, specifically form TD 54-0.329 (TDE).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
DATE - TIME GROUP: 55
LOCATION: Melbourne, Fla.
CONCLUSION: INFORMATION ONLY
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: This case was reported in March-April 1956. Since the actual sighting had occurred some time ago it is almost impossible to check it out. Also due to the time lag the pertinent data has probably become distorted. Therefore this case is considered INFORMATION ONLY.
PHOTOS: O No
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: O No

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a typed document with information about a case related to a "flaming object" that was seen beside a house. The document mentions that the object was sighted on August 11, 1955 in Lawrence, Massachusetts. It provides details about the sighting and the investigation that followed, but does not contain any photographs.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: CRIFO Newsletter, 3 Feb 56

FLAMING OBJECT RASHES HOLE IN SIDE OF HOUSE 
Case 139. Lawrence, Mass., Aug. 11, 1955 - Possibly related to the "meteor" mentioned above is an incident that occurred on the night of Aug. 11, 1955. A reddish, flaming object, apparently several feet in diameter, was observed to come down through the trees and strike the side of a house, making a hole, and leaving evidences of having burned or scorched the house at the point of impact. The object was not yet identified, struck the side of a house occupied by Mrs. Riza Descoteaux, shortly after 10 p.m. The impact was severe enough to shatter a window and create a hole several inches in diameter in the clapboards, before the object fell to the ground. Sergeant Philip Desautels at police headquarters was notified of the occurrence by Edmund Rickard, whose wife was awakened by the noise and saw smoke and embers coming from her neighbor's house. Mrs. Rickard stated that she was on her porch when she saw a flash of light followed by a loud noise as the object came through the trees and struck the house. Mrs. Rickard identified the object as a "fiery ball" which it had fallen into the yard. Mrs. Rickard identified the object as a fiery ball some 3 to 4 feet in diameter, with a tail of flame. The hole in the house, several inches in diameter, was examined and found to exhibit evidence of having been burned through, rather than merely a hole punched through the wall.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a report on a sighting of a low-hovering object by a woman in Chalmette, Louisiana on August 21, 1955.

Information only 
Source: CSI Bulletin # 26, 25 July 57

LOUISIANA WOMAN FRIGHTENED BY LENTICULAR DEVICE
August 21, 1955: At Chalmette, Louisiana, Mrs. chance d to look out of her window and saw much to her astonishment, a low-hovering object about the size of a plane, a black and a half away. Retaining slowly, it was a glowing white, as the full moon, and appeared to be a solid object. The slow moon-bright and eerie, and she stared mesmerized. As it looked like two suns, she put clearly detached. Her only she was uncertain, but the next day She had to pray the facts out of her nerves, and a there was great difficulty of the non-professional nature of the report, and the unwillingness of the observer to discuss the matter freely. Our correspondent suggested that this might be a saucerishpy.

An additional note of perhaps some significance concerning her report is that not only did the incident occur on the same date as the Hopkinsvillo, Kentucky "landing," but the object as described by Mrs. is almost identical to the object described by Mrs. Hopkins.(The two towns are approximately 500 miles apart in a straight line.)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with handwritten text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: CRIFO Newsletter 4 Nov 55

CASE 10r Melbourne, Pla. 10 s 32 pm EST 1955
A reported bright light of unusual brightness was seen high in the sky over Melbourne, Fla. on 10 Nov 55. The object was first seen at about 10:32 pm EST and lasted for about 3 minutes. The observer was Miss Mary Holt, a resident of Melbourne, Fla. The object appeared to be moving from west to east at a very high rate of speed.
Miss Holt stated that the object appeared to be extremely bright and looked larger than a star or planet. The object appeared to flicker or blink at irregular intervals. Miss Holt called the attention of her mother, Mrs. M. Holt, who also witnessed the object. 
Mrs. M. Holt stated that the object appeared solid, circular in shape and was a bright metallic color, perhaps white or silver in color. The object moved rapidly and appeared to stop momentarily, then moved on at a high rate of speed, then stopped again momentarily. This sequence was repeated several times during the 3 minute observation period.  
The observers reported the object had no tail or exhaust and made no sound. After about 3 minutes the object disappeared from sight, apparently moving out of the observerD field of vision at a very high rate of speed. Neither observer was able to estimate the altitude or distance of the observed object.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed page from a Project Blue Book report.

Transcribed text:
These figures are not accurate and the data on the sighting are far too inconclusive to be of any real value, except perhaps in the chance that someone in the same vicinity had the opportunity to observe the same object at the same time, in which case chances are that such an observer would fail to record the sighting which any authority.

One thing I have failed to do is to check with the weather bureau on the ceiling for that date. By doing so we could determine that the object was not below such-and-such an altitude. I have under advisement to do so, but one becomes so discouraged with this type of mystery that I hesitate to follow through....

Although my brother failed to see the object, he was convinced that I had seen some reflection of some flashing jet. I would be inclined to agree with him but for two points: a) the object would not stand still and very definitely appeared to be a solid body, and b) the motion was quite irregular, not at all in keeping with any known type of aircraft. Unless the winds were such as to eliminate the sound from my position. 

Outside of a few sightings of "nocturnal wandering Lights", this is the only time I have observed what might possibly have been an UFO. If the data on many of the other cases were no better than mine, I'm afraid we would be forced to label the sightings "DUDS", as does the astronomer Sproul, Sir Harold Spencer Jones.

But as in the former case mentioned above, I find myself extremely perplexed as to the limited witnesses involving sightings over the metropolitan area. Nevertheless one of two explanations must be considered: a) the observer(s) suffer(s) from a subjective hallucination or b) people just do not look at the sky in New York City. Your views on this would perhaps be most enlightening.

I want to thank you again for your interest. If you might be able to add any further information to the above mentioned cases, we would be greatly appreciative.

Yours very truly,
Redacted Section 
Civilian Saucer Intelligence of New York 
New York 28, N.Y.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Headquarters 4602d Air Intelligence Service Squadron (ADC) in Colorado Springs, Colorado. The document is regarding "Civilian Saucer Intelligence" and is addressed to the Commander of the Air Technical Intelligence Center in Dayton, Ohio. The key points in the text are:

1. A letter received from an individual in New York City is being forwarded for information and action.

2. This correspondence was forwarded by Headquarters, Eastern Air Defense Force, and apparently is one of many such inquiries received from this saucer "enthusiast" by EADF.

3. The directive is to have EADF forward all such correspondence directly to ATIC upon future receipt.

The document is signed by Richard B. Mandle, Major, USAF, Assistant Adjutant.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document describing a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

STRATFORD, CONNECTICUT
New York 23, N.Y.
Sept. 14, 1955

Col. W. Bernard Steele
Director, Public Information
Director, Air Defense Force hqrs.
Stewart Air Force Base
Newburgh, New York

Dear Col. Steele,

I would like to thank you for your kind reply of August 13 in answer to my letter to you of August 8.

The following report of an UFO over the city came to my attention last week: On July 24, sometime between 7:45 and 8:30 p.m., Mr. and Mrs. _____ of____ Riverside Drive, Stratford, Connecticut, while eating their evening meal, observed a bright light high in the sky above the Hudson River. It was moving quite slowly at first, then the speed of the object increased drastically. The apparent width was less than the full moon and the length was approximately 3 times its width. I questioned her as to its length. I had some trouble trying to determine definitely just how long it was since it was moving so rapidly and disappeared so quickly. They are certain and agreed that it was moving away and not toward them, and at a very steep angle. The apparent width was less than the full moon and the length was approximately 3 times its width. They are certain and agreed that it was moving away and not toward them, and at a very steep angle. 

The following report is of very little importance, but I include it simply for the record.

At approximately 7:15 p.m. on Sunday, August 14, 1955, I was sitting on the back porch of my brother's home at _____ Stratford, Connecticut. I noticed a small white round object moving in an approximately southeast heading at a steady rate of speed. The object was smaller and flatter white, as clearly as I could make out, and was about ten tenths the size of a full moon.

I watched the object for several seconds as it passed below the trees, and it disappeared momentarily from view. When I lost sight of it, it was about 40-50 degrees above the horizon in the general area of the southeast quadrant. I estimate I was able to follow it through about 30-40 degrees of arc in a period of about one minute.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO STATISTICS (Continued)

UFO Reports from Foreign Countries:
Balloon - - - - - - - - - - - 7 
Aircraft - - - - - - - - - - 4
Astronomical - - - - - - - - 3
Other - - - - - - - - - - - - 9
Insufficient Data - - - - - - 6
Unknown - - - - - - - - - - - 1
Total - - - - - - - - - - - - 30

Foreign UFO sightings are generally difficult or impossible to thoroughly investigate or evaluate due to firm conclusions. They should not, therefore, be considered in any statistical breakdown, which primarily concerns itself with sightings within the continental USA.

UFO Sightings Reported Directly to ATIC by General Correspondence: (BLUE BOOK STATISTICS CONTINUED FROM JUN 55 - 31 MAY 56)

MONTH      LOCATION OF SIGHTING             CONCLUSION OF EVALUATION
June 1955  South Bend, Indiana             Other Insufficient Data
           Cincinnati, Ohio                Balloon
           Wichita, Kansas                 Balloon
           Dayton, Ohio                    Probably Aircraft                                      
           Payton, Ohio                    Balloon
           Havertown, Pennsylvania         Balloon 
           Long Beach, California          Unknown
July 1955  Paris, Illinois                Astronomical
           Dayton, Ohio                    Dayton, Ohio
           Cincinnati, Ohio                Possibly Balloon
           Chillicothe, Georgia            Probably Balloon
Aug. 1955  Richardsville, Kentucky         Possibly Balloon
           Cincinnati, Ohio                Probably Astronomical
           Dayton, Ohio                    Balloon
           Socorro, New Mexico             Balloon
           Park Ridge, Illinois            Balloon
           Cimarron, New Mexico            Other Astronomical
           Dayton, Ohio                    Balloon
           Strendsberg, Illinois           Astronomical
           Chillicothe, Ohio               Balloon
           Bedford, Virginia               Aircraft
           Dayton, Ohio                    Balloon
           Temple, Texas                   Aircraft
           Lake Village, Indiana           Probably Aircraft

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document, produced by an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system:

C. UFO STATISTICS: (Continued)

4. UFO Reports From Foreign Countries
a. Balloon - - - - - - - - - - - 7 17.92
b. Aircraft - - - - - - - - - - - 7 17.92
c. Astronomical - - - - - - - - 3 7.69
d. Other - - - - - - - - - - - - 6 15.38
e. Insufficient Data - - - - - - 6 15.38
f. Unknown - - - - - - - - - - - 23 59.00
Total 39 100.00

Foreign UFO sightings are generally difficult or impossible to thoroughly investigate, evaluate or evaluate towards some firm conclusion. They should not, therefore, be considered in any statistical breakdown, which primarily concerns itself with sightings within the continental USA.

5. UFO Sightings Reported Directly to USAF by General Correspondence. (From USAF Sources, General Public - Category 56 Index)

MONTH     LOCATION OF SIGHTING CONCLUSION OF VALUATION
June 1955  South Bend, Indiana                  Other
          Cincinnati, Ohio                     Insufficient Data
          Wichita, Kansas                     Balloon
          Dayton, Ohio                         Balloon
          Havertown, Pennsylvania             Aircraft
          Dayton, Ohio                         Balloon
          Long Beach, California              Unknown

July 1955  Paris, Illinois                    Astronomical
           Dayton, Ohio                        Possibly Astronomical
           Glendale, Ohio                      Possibly Balloon
           Columbus, Georgia                   Balloon

Aug. 1955  Nicholasville, Kentucky             Aircraft
           Cincinnati, Ohio                    Possibly Balloon
           Dayton, Ohio                        Possibly Astronomical
           Sonora, New Mexico                  Balloon
           Park Ridge, Illinois                Balloon
           Dayton, Ohio                        Astronomical
           Cicinnati, Ohio                     Astronomical
           Rio, Illinois                       Unknown
           Bedford, Virginia                   Aircraft
           Dayton, Ohio                        Possibly Balloon
           Temple, Texas                       Aircraft
           Lake Village, Indiana               Astronomical

4.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a list of locations and dates related to UFO sightings.

AUG 1955 SIGHTINGS 
9 - 15

1 29 Hermosa Beach, California
2 27 Burbank, California  
3 26 Paisley, Oregon
4 26 Muscatine, Iowa
5 26 Portland, Missouri 
6 26 Chicago, Illinois
7 26 Pattitlon, Nebraska
8 25 Green Bay, Wisconsin
9 24 North Branch, New York
10 24 Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
11 23 Arlington, Virginia
12 23 Sacramento, California
13 22 Madrid, Spain
14 23 Cutlerville, Michigan
15 20 Ishpeming, Michigan
16 19 Seattle, Washington
17 18 Seattle, Washington
18 18 Alhambra, California
19 17 Las Vegas, Nevada
20 17 Roseville, California
21 17 Newport Beach, California
22 17 Hollywood, California

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing text related to UFO investigations and sightings.

CONFIDENTIAL
Hqs 4602d AISS AISOP Subj: Monthly UFO's Summary, Aug 55
Investigative Efforts (con't)
INVESTIGATIVE UNIT    LOCATION OF SIGHTING    CONCLUSION
(1) Flt 3-A      Beloit, Wisconsin     Was Astronomical(Meteorite?) 
(2) Flt 3-A      Green Bay, Wisconsin     Unknown
(3) Flt 3-4      Arlington, Virginia     Unknown
In addition to the above, two (2) limited follow-up investigations were conducted by Headquarters, 4602d AISS by means of ATIC Form 164 (U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet). After analysis of the above information, form was returned with observer's statements declared unreliable. ATIC Form 164 sent to the observer of a UFO's sighting at Niagara, Ohio has not been returned to Headquarters for analysis.

The four (4) investigations which were not concluded at the time of the JULY 1955 UFO Summary have been concluded with results as follows:

INVESTIGATIVE UNIT    LOCATION OF SIGHTING    CONCLUSION
(1) Flt 1-C      China Lake NAS, Calif.     Unknown   
(2) Det 3      Searcy Tark, New York     Searchlights
(3) Det 2 & Flt 2-A     Shelby, Iowa     Possibly Balloon-Witness Unreliable
(Hg Form 164)

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or survey about a reported UFO sighting.

Page 2
3. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
B.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke? 
e. Change color?
f. Change shape? 
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a table of information about various UFO sightings, including the date, location, and other details.

AUG 55 SIGHTINGS 
PROJECT 10, CARD 1 (Cont.)

NR. DATE   LOCATION
23  15   St. Paul, Minnesota 
24  15   Wadena, Minnesota
25  15   Klamath, Oregon
26  15   London, England

- page 13 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a table with a list of UFO sightings, including the date, location, and other details.

AUG 25 SIGHTINGS
FOLDER #2
SIGHTING NO	DATE	LOCATION
1	14	St. Paul, Minnesota
2	13	Beloit, Wisconsin 
3	13	Battle Creek, Nebraska
4	12	St. Edward, Nebraska
5	12	Near Pinecastle AFB, Florida
6	12	Beloit, Wisconsin
7	11	Iceland
8	11	Cornelius, Oregon
9	11	Glenwood, Iowa
10	10	Levelland, Texas
11	10	Albuquerque, New Mexico
12	9	San Diego, California
13	9	British Columbia, Canada
14	9	Akron, Ohio
15	9	Akron, Ohio
16	3	Saginaw, Michigan
17	3	Rochester, New York
18	4	McDonald, Pennsylvania
19	3	Malden, Massachusetts
20	3	Charlotte, North Carolina
21	2	Fresno, California
22	2	Danville, California
23	1	San Diego, California
24	1	Rialto, California

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various fields to be filled out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements that you make, unless you give us permission to do so. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? FALL 1955 YEAR
2. Time of day: 1 HOUR MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? MELBOURNE FLA City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) HOURS MINUTES SECONDS
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes NO
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: BRIGHT b. NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 35

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5000 ft altitude

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North e. East g. West
b. Northeast f. Southeast h. Northwest 
d. Southeast

24.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No c. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common 
object or objects with which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
It was an unnatural object with transparent sections, appearing larger in size than the normal aircraft and moving 
at a relatively high altitude.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a report form.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes      No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes      No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
"About a hundred people."

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:    (Last Name) Redacted      (First Name) Redacted      (Middle Name) Redacted
ADDRESS:    (Street) Redacted    (City) Hartford     (Zone) Redacted    (State) Fla.
TELEPHONE NUMBER:    Redacted
AGE:    31    SEX:    M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
"15 years service with U.S. marine."

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
9    Sept    1955

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know? IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None - no apparent propulsion
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, likely containing instructions or questions related to observing and reporting on unidentified flying objects.

TEXT OUTPUT:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the 1955 Fall 6973047 Melbourne, FL case.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 10 Day MAY Year 56
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I find it difficult to associate the characteristics and some significant details furnished by this witness with a typical A.F. Captain report.

I feel that his report was influenced by the UFO program he said he watched on TV.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed text description of a reported incident involving a "flaming object" that struck the side of a house. The text provides details about the incident, including the location, date, and witness accounts.

FLAMING OBJECT BASHES HOLE IN SIDE OF HOUSE
Case 129, Lawrence, Mass., Aug. 11, 1955--Possibly related to the meteorite cases mentioned above is an incident reported by the Lawrence (Mass.) Police Department, in which a flaming object, not yet identified, struck the side of a house occupied by Mrs. Ret Rennard, shortly after 10:30 p.m. The flaming object made a hole in the house, with a shattering of wood around it, before it fell to the ground. Sergeant Phillip DiAdamo at police headquarters was notified of the occurrence by Raymond Pickard, whose wife was a witness to the object striking the house, and cruising the outside area, came to the scene to investigate. She stated that the object was on her porch shaking out a mop when she saw the object come hurling through the sky and hit the back of the Rennard house. She said that after the loud crash of smoke and a resounding crash, after which it fell into the yard. Mrs. Pickard identified the object as being an big as half a basketball about eight inches in diameter, that struck the house about eight inches by a foot, with a shattering of wood all around the hole...

- page 21 -

