The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card from Bethesda, Maryland dated February 10, 1955.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 10 February 1955 
2. LOCATION: Bethesda, Maryland
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2203 hrs
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1-1/2 to 2 minutes
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Saucer shaped illuminous [sic] object traveling at high speed, making a sound described as "a mellow motor or engine sound and had a flat top, with a spherical bottom, emitting a light which changed from yellow to blue-green to amber to orange color," and had a formation of stationary "scintillating" luminous objects for 30 seconds, then the bottom portion appeared to descend to diminish in size.
11. COMMENTS: UNIDENTIFIED

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which is an unclassified U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

OCR Output:

UNCLASSIFIED

4th Distrust OSI-IO
Building Air Force Base
Washington 25, D.C.

24 FEB 1955

SUBJECT: (Unclassified) Unidentified Flying Object Observed in Vicinity of Bethesda, Maryland on 10 February 1955 

TO: Director, Special Investigations
Headquarters USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

1. Reference is made to telephone conversation between Lt. Colonel EUGENE Kearns, Chief, Reports and Cartoons Branch, Counter-Intelligence Division, Joint Directors of Intelligence, and Lt. Colonel LESTER M. MITCHELL, this office, regarding the above subject on 16 February 1955.

2. As the request of Lt. Colonel Kearns, Captain WILLIAM A. BROEKER, Jr., 9391st Technical Intelligence Squadron, Langley Air Force Base, Virginia and Colonel Basil l. McConnell, Director, Office of Scientific Investigations, Department of the Army, were interviewed on 10 February 1955. Captain BROEKER reported that he had seen an unidentified, silver-colored, elongated object maneuvering at a very high speed, less than 2200 hours the previous night. 

As accordingly, on this case date, a colonel employed as an aircraft observer for the Industrial Division, Diamond Ordnance Fuze Laboratories, Adelphi, Maryland, was interviewed at the above installation. He advised that on 10 February 1955, while driving his car near Chevy Chase, Maryland, he observed a silver-colored, winglike object maneuver across the sky going at a very high speed. He stated that it appeared to be about the size of a jet fighter and that it maintained an altitude of approximately one hundred and fifty (150) feet, veering to the right and left as it flew. He further advised that the object appeared to climb at a 45 degree angle and attained a velocity in excess of 700 mph. He stated that the object appeared to be controlled, changing direction and altitude abruptly, and a spherical bottom. He recalled that it remained

UNCLASSIFIED

FOR

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

In the above-described shape and position, apparently not moving, for approximately (33) seconds. It seemed to shine with a bright metallic glisten and to show no signs of blinking lights. The object then appeared to assume a conical type shape, and approximately half of its altitude at this instant, a bright glowing greenish bluelight was observed emanating from its base, narrowing as it proceeded to the object's top. This glowing light seemed to flash and diminish in size at the bottom, and the object moved to diminish in size. Upon the cessation of the greenish blue light, the object seemed to gently descend in an almost straight line, traveling at a descent angle of approximately 30 degrees to the ground, and remained in sight for approximately one and one-half (1-1/2) to two (2) minutes, and then disappeared from view.

A. It is also stated that he was an amateur "ufologist" for approximately one year until 1952, and that is the first time he had ever observed a UFO.

5. Censored name's home address is censored, Maryland.

6. No further pertinent information concerning this matter was furnished by either the Intelligence Operations Officer or the Captain BOCKETT. No further action is contemplated by this District Office.

FOR THE DISTRICT COMMANDER:

CHARLES A. SITTER
Chief
Counter Intelligence Division

Distribution:
CAD Comdr., Hq Comdt., USAF
Hq ARDC, Cw, ATIC, ATAA-20

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

