The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which is a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the record card is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 26 June 1955
2. LOCATION: Ft. Worth, Texas 
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2511152Z
4. PHOTO(S): None
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 8 min
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
8. COURSE: At Zenith
9. COMMENTS: "Balloon which exploded fits description. Satellite like object being the payload. Color, motion and flight conform with this analysis."

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which contains a handwritten summary of an observation.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a brief description of the event that you observed. You may re-enter past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: (Do Not Write in This Space)
SIGNATURE: 
DATE: Dec 2, 1955

The incident occurred on the morning of June 24, 1955. At approximately 5:00 A.M., my wife and I were awakened by a persistent noise and bright light shining through the bedroom window. Upon investigation, we saw a large, round, glowing object hovering close to the ground. Our first reaction was to M-13, a star cluster in Hercules. On closer inspection, we realized this was not the case. The object was approximately 50 feet in diameter and about 80-100 feet above the ground. We observed it for about 20 minutes, during which time, it was almost motionless, except for some slight up and down movements. At one point, it shot straight up at a very high speed and then stopped suddenly. The color was a brilliant greenish-white, and there appeared to be portholes or openings around the object. At the most, there was a slight humming sound, but no other noise was detected. After about 20 minutes, the object suddenly accelerated and shot off to the east at a fantastic speed, disappearing from sight in a matter of seconds. There was a brief flash of light as it departed. We have no idea what this object was, but it was definitely not an aircraft or any conventional man-made object. There were no aircraft in the area at the time, and no astronomical explanations seem to fit. We are at a loss to account for what we witnessed.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

"If a sudden color. We then realized that this meant the vehicle was actually. We all saw a bright blue glow surrounds the periphery, and it hovered some two minutes. over. 

The object was oval shaped, apprised the witness, and seemed to be at about an estimated altitude of 500 feet. After it just two minute, it zoomed out of sight vertically at a tremendous rate of speed, almost instantaneously. 

Mr. called this office on June 19, 1955 to report the above incident, and all 5 witneses fully concur in their description of what they saw. This incident is being forwarded for your information.

(80-741) 13 jno.

Consequently, this office considers this incident noteworthy in my astronomy files."

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified flying objects (UFOs) observed by witnesses.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusion, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2C June 1955 Year
2. Time of day: 5 Hour 15 Minutes
3. Time seen: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Ft. Worth, Texas State of County
Additional remarks: Between 5 and 5:15 p.m. on 2C June 1955, I observed an unidentified aerial object.
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 1 Minute Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One) a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Slight twilight d. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various multiple-choice questions about the observer's sighting of a UFO.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight 
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes  b. No  c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?  Yes  No  Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or rush away at any time?  Yes  No  Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?  Yes  No  Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?  Yes  No  Don't Know
e. Change brightness?  Yes  No  Don't Know
f. Pulsate or throb?  Yes  No  Don't Know
g. Hover, then accelerate?  Yes  No  Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid?  b. Transparent?  c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No
c. Windshield  Yes  No
d. Window glass  Yes  No
e. Binoculars  Yes  No
f. Telescope  Yes  No
g. Theodolite  Yes  No
h. Other

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with various questions and sections for the witness to fill out.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Completely silent
b. Color: Slightly metallic with a darker hue

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please do not elaborate on the drawing anymore.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
   b. Like a bright star
   c. Sharply outlined
   d. Other

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The small blotched line were circulating the main craft is attempting to show the direction the object or objects were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, featuring a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. Approximately 300-400 feet.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One): d. Nickel
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22): b. Fairly certain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Faded from view - became smaller and smaller until it disappeared.
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could continue the vision that you now have. Of what type material would you make it to be, and what shape would it have. Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky could give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
The object appeared to be of a flat surface, similar to a mirror or reflecting surface as it glimmered and glinted like a mirror, and more than one object was observed, though larger and smaller versions. It appeared to move without any audible sound or propulsion, but simply floated without any visible means of support.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing text and form fields to be filled out.

Transcribed text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One:)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other _________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side? 
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was driving a automobile and noticed the object high in the sky

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North  c. East  e. South  g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes  No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  c. East  e. South  g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) Straight up overhead.
a. North  c. East  e. South  g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 70 degrees.
b. From horizon 37 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 75 degrees. 
b. From horizon 35 degrees.

- page 8 -

The image contains three sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line and a point labeled "A" on the line, representing how high the object was above the horizon when the observer first saw it. The second sketch shows a larger view of the object's position, with points "A" and "B" marked to indicate the object's position when the observer first saw it and when they last saw it. The third sketch shows a person looking out at a landscape with a curved horizon in the distance.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete this larger sketch.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember
35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
June 1955
36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circles One) Yes
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circles One) Yes
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
(Redacted)
37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
(Redacted)
38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
(Redacted)

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No) I'd say it had an estimated speed of 5 - 10 minutes

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No) 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _______ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Fort Worth, Texas
TELEPHONE NUMBER 
What is your present job? Standing watch the area
Age 17 Sex Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had: 
c. College

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 October 1955

- page 11 -

