There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a Project 10073 record card with information about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 8 March 1955
2. LOCATION: Paris, Illinois
3. TIME: 3:20 PM
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: ONE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Source claims he observed a flying object about 4 to 5 ft wide, gray in color, which hovered for several seconds, swallowed the n/s, then hovered up and down, pulsated, spiraled, spewed vapor from its bottom portions, and disappeared to the NE. The UFO was reported as "very big, ball-shaped, and bright silver."
12. CONCLUSIONS: A Request for formal investigation was made to the AAF by this witness. Witness frequently sees this object. The observations attributed to this object, based on the information provided, are completely unreliable. Witness frequently sees this object according to the source of information.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a hand-drawn sketch. The sketch appears to depict an unidentified object in motion, with a trail or vapor trail behind it. The text in the image outlines instructions for the observer to draw a picture showing the shape of the object and any details about its movement or trail.

Output from OCR:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:

a. Sound _________________________
b. Color _________________________

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object as well as possible. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can, such as size, color, or any unusual traits or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Check one): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object moved, Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. If possible, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand:
(Circle One): a. Pencil, b. Pea, c. Silver dollar, d. Baseball, e. Dime, f. Nickel, g. Grapefruit, h. Basketball, i. Quarter, j. Half-dollar.
23. (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22): a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Uncertain. 
25. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe the physical characteristics in your own words as a layman and not as a scientist who would give technical terms.

The handwritten text has been extracted and provided below:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object moved, Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. If possible, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. FAIRLY LARGE
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand:
(Circle One): a. Pencil, b. Pea, c. Silver dollar, d. Baseball, e. Dime, f. Nickel, g. Grapefruit, h. Basketball, i. Quarter, j. Half-dollar.
23. (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22): a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Uncertain.
25. How did the object or objects disappear from view? SLOWLY CLIMBED OUT OF VIEW
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe the physical characteristics in your own words as a layman and not as a scientist who would give technical terms. AM CERTAIN IT WAS A GIANT METALLIC DISC, APPROX. 50 FT IN DIAMETER OR MORE. IT GLIDED SILENTLY, WITH NO APPARENT MEANS OF PROPULSION OR VISIBLE MARKINGS. I HAVE NO FURTHER DETAILS TO GIVE.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Standing on the ground?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Text response redacted]

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _____ degrees.
b. From horizon _____ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _____ degrees.
b. From horizon _____ degrees.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather illustrations and sketches related to a UFO sighting report. The first sketch depicts a curved line representing the horizon, with instructions to mark the position of the observed object using "A" and "B" on the curved line. The second set of sketches shows a larger sketch on the left, with instructions to place "A" at the position the object was first seen, and "B" at the position where it was last seen. The smaller sketch on the right provides an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Transcription of the text found in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One):
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Raining or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One):
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. WHEN DID YOU REPORT TO SOME OFFICIAL THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT?
10-13
Day   Month   Year

36. WAS ANYONE ELSE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
36.1 IF YOU ANSWERED YES, DID THEY SEE THE OBJECT TOO?
36.2 PLEASE LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES:
[Redacted]

37. WAS THIS THE FIRST TIME THAT YOU HAD SEEN AN OBJECT OR OBJECTS LIKE THIS?
37.1 IF YOU ANSWERED NO, THEN WHEN, WHERE, AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES DID YOU SEE OTHER ONES?
[Redacted]

38. IN YOUR OPINION, WHAT DO YOU THINK THE OBJECT WAS AND WHAT MIGHT HAVE CAUSED IT?
[Redacted]

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ___________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] Street, [REDACTED], [REDACTED] Zone [REDACTED] State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
What is your present job? [REDACTED]
Age: [REDACTED] Sex: [REDACTED]
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school: 5
b. High school: 
c. College:
d. Post graduate:
e. Technical school:
f. Other special training:

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13 3 1956

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may request information that you believe to be important, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size may be attached if they are needed.

At approximately 11:55 p.m. on March 13, 1956, a circular, silent, self-luminous object was observed by the witness. The object appeared to be stationary at first, then accelerated and proceeded to make a steep upward climb and disappear. The object was observed for approximately 2 minutes.

The witness is a retired U.S.P.O. employee from Paris, Illinois, and has excellent eyesight and hearing. He had no explanation for the object he observed, and stated that it was unlike anything he had ever seen before. He reported the incident to the local police, and they in turn reported it to the proper Air Force authorities.

- page 8 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text on a page.

Page 10

A somewhat formal to somewhat casual text describing an unidentified aerial object or phenomenon. The text mentions observations, descriptions, and speculations about the nature and characteristics of the observed object. There are no identifiable individuals mentioned in the text.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, which contains handwritten text.

The text in the document is as follows:

August 15, 1956

AMC 308890

Major Joseph H. Pyercik 
ATIC ALISO, ILLINOIS

Dear Sir:

Please find enclosed photograph as per instruction.

Respectfully yours,
[Redacted]

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but it does include a block of text that appears to be a UFO news report. I will proceed to transcribe the text found in the document.

EXCERPT FROM TETONS REPORT
It is possible so that our world could know we have powerful friends from the heavens above - - friends who are here and all men!
We were young men in a big city - the biggest in the world. We saw things that could not have been done by any differences to the thought power of man. Did they actually pick up our thoughts through the use of telepathy, or did they use highly developed remote controlled mechanisms? We didn't know the answer to that, but it was the most incredible thing! 
The UFO PATROL NETWORK will be very active this Fall when Mars comes close to Earth once again. You amateurs astronomers and radio operators get together and do all in your power to contact the giant visitors. This is the psychological time, so listen for your contact. 
No matter where you live - a big city, industrial area, small village, farming community, desert or mountain top - - the LIGHT WILL BE SEEN!
CAN HEAR YOU!
A. V. Dainard / August 25

UFO News Report
By THOMAS M. COMELLA

EXCLUSIVE-TWO STUDIES A MAGAZINE COLOR PHOTO OF UFO!
TRC is now examining one of the most conclusive UFO photographs ever taken! It is not photographic distortion or double exposure in these pictures, but the fact that the UFO involved is shown on a color Kodachrome slide.
The photographer was talking with his parents at an approximate time of 9:30 p.m. and about 50 feet from the camera. Model B, 35 mm. with him. Suddenly, approaching from the south, all saw a brilliant glowing object. It moved toward the north and followed a horizontal trajectory. At its nearest point to the observers, the photograph was taken but not too large in the frame. Since the object was observed to be relatively small, it was generally agreed that the film probably would show nothing. However, when the slide was returned from the processing laboratory, there was the image of a bluish-white dot when it was observed with the unaided eye. The dot was about the size of a clear beebee when seen through a magnifying glass. The shape of the object was definitely disc-shaped with a surrounding blue aura. The observers heard or saw nothing except the brilliant light in the sky. After studying the photo for a period of time, it is realized that the actual known object that could account for such a minute image is now on any meteorologically known records. However, meteors usually burn out in full view of the observer, but this object didn't. Also, meteors follow curved trajectories and this object was observed to fly a horizontal course.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document discussing a request made to investigate a "saucer" case that was reported by two UFO societies, although the original sighting is a year old.

Text from the document:

"The case has me puzzled--suspect a psychic hoax.

Case: Request made to 4004 to investigate this "saucer" case originally reported by two UFO societies, although the original sighting is a year old."

- page 12 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten document that discusses a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Toward the ground, but this object followed a horizontal trajectory.  Intense irregular motions were made that ordinary cameras will not show. Even astronomically perfect cameras failed to show a straight line on the film.  Photographs of previous events show a straight line on the film.  However, this object moved erratically and was not traveling at intense speed because the simple Kodak camera stopped its motion.

For a time, this peculiar object remained stationary and did not move, and photographers took photographs of it. It was such a length of time any meteor would be far gone, and, if seen, must indicate observe the observer did get a photograph of it.  The object then moved off in a strange zig-zag course.

Study of this unusual photograph is still underway.  A photograph expert has informed FRC that, in his opinion, the object is in an unusual position. The strange trail or tail could be due to oscillation of the atmosphere.

At any rate, the photographs obtained are most conclusive evidence of an extra-terrestrial visitation!

EXPERT FRC ANALYSIS: "THIS IS FACT" BY UCDI

Mr. Eugene Metcalf of Paris, Illinois, who took this UFO complete photographs on March 20, 1955, has stated that the phenomenon was "an unbelievable sight."  The following is Metcalf's own words: "On March 9, 1955, at approximately 3:30 P.M. I witnessed the phenomenon of a jet plane coming towards me from the southwest.  When it reached a spot just overhead, it suddenly stopped in midflight and remained stationary for a brief period.  Then it commenced to move away from me towards the northeast and was traveling in a zig-zag fashion, first toward one direction and then toward another.  The movements of this object were erratic, and at times it appeared to be tumbling or churned up and down, then it seemed to whirl and lift upwards.  The strange gyrations and maneuvers of this object were incredible.  The plane and UFO were in perfect view and stood out clearly against the sky.  The object was a bright silvery and I heard no noise.  The UFO was hovering at an altitude of about 3,000 feet and in a perfectly clear sky."  Mr. Metcalf's story is certainly an amazing one but there have been other amazing happenings in the last few years.

OTHER CONCLUSIONS - OTHER FLEET... This new book by George Hunt Williamson will be off the press any day now and is being published by Ray Palmer of Amherst Press ($4.00). It is a large book (over 400 pages) and illustrations, and is the result of four years of painstaking research into the possible existence of "space peoples." The book will be over 400 pages and it appears to make one "gasp" out of all UFO experiences.  The book will give you an entirely new look of space visitors. Order directly from FRC!

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document with handwritten text. The text states:

"Only snapshots
of "call bell" UFO
of Paris, Illinois
sightings"

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text on what appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text output:

Carl Bell - The witness city - Paris, Illinois
to 1/23/55 - 8:30 P.M.

The 6-7:0 p.m. tonight - observed a light which the observer Behen Bhea says was about a block away - went to B now.

300370

Here is a rough sketch of the object according to the witness's description. It was described as oval and about the size of a pie plate. It hovered at first, then moved slowly back and forth, then disappeared.
It could certainly not possibly been an aircraft, the witness stated, and there was no noise or trail of any kind.

- page 15 -

The image contains two photographs. The top photograph appears to be a landscape view of a rural or small town setting, with buildings and structures visible in the distance. The bottom photograph appears to be a blurry or out-of-focus image, possibly depicting something in the sky.

Text found in the document:

This is nota U.F.O, it is a case

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document page. The text in the document is as follows:

AFSCC
Hq 1402d Air Intelligence Service Squadron (ATC), Ft Air Force Base,
Colorado
TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: AFCIN 1st,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
1. As recommended, a complete investigation has been made
by Flight 3-4, 1402d ATS's.
2. Results of this investigation strongly indicate that source
is completely unreliable.
FOR THE COMMANDER:

Incls 1 & 2 w/4

JOHN D. PASTOR, JR
Police Sgt.
Assistant

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Air Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

SUBJECT: (U) Request for UFO Information

TO: (U) U.S.A.F. 4602D Air Intelligence Service Squadron (ADC) 
Box 712, 33rd Air Division  
Colorado Springs, Colorado

1. Attached herewith is a copy of USAF Technical Information Sheet containing data relating to a reported sighting.

2. In accordance with provisions of AFR 200-2, it is requested that the 4602D AISS consider a preliminary investigation of the alleged sightings, and the results made known to this headquarters.

3. Although there are no certain elements in the report to substantiate the existence of an interplanetary vehicle, the opinion of the Center that USAF UFO records indicate that some form of unidentified aerial activity was indeed present.

Mr. *** has claimed that he frequently sees the vehicle described in his report, although original sighting was over one year ago.

b. This sighting has been given prominence by the Aerial Research Center, a private UFO research organization, which seems to find this UFO in abundance.

c. Past experience has indicated organizations of this type often tend to the belief that the observation of the phenomenon was more significant than appears to be substantiated.

4. With reference to the evaluation of the observed UFO, a continuing assessment of the investigation should include the determination, if any, of "bomber-jet parallels" which tests were conducted in the vicinity of the sighted object.

WILLIAM B. SMITH, Jr. 
Captain, USAF

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Text output:

5. In any reply or correspondence to this sighting, reference be made to the "ATSCC".

2 Incls
1. USAF Tech Sheet for 22 Mar 55
2. Cy ATIC Rept Bull, p. th-15

ATSCC
HQ 4502d Air Intelligence Service Squadron (ADC), Ent Air Force Base,
Colorado

TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, ATTN: AGENT LOUIS,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. As you requested, a complete investigation has been made by Flight 3-24, 4502d AISS.

2. Results of this investigation strongly indicate that source is completely unreliable.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

Incls 1 & 2 2/4

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AFOIN-4 Request For UFO Information
AFOIN-4X25 Request For UFO Information 
AFOIN-4X22 Request For UFO Information
AFOIN-4X3 Request For UFO Information
AFOIN-4X3 Request For UFO Information
AFOIN-4A Request For UFO Information
AFOIN-4B Request For UFO Information
AFOIN-4C Request For UFO Information
AFOIN-4D Request For UFO Information
AFOIN-4E Request For UFO Information
AFOIN-4F Request For UFO Information
OTHERS

- page 20 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, a real-life historical US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is a "Routing and Coordination Sheet" with various AFOIN code numbers and instructions.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

TO ANY PARTY OR CORRESPONDENCE TO THIS STATION, REQUEST THAT REFERENCE BE MADE TO THE AFOIN-4. 

WALLACE W. ELWOOD
ASSISTANT AGENT
ASSISTANT AGENT

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena that were observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer each question as fully as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.

1. When did you see the object? 7-8 DAY 1953 YEAR
2. Time of day: 5:00 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other _________
4. Where were you when you saw the object? FARM CITY OR TOWN Paris STATE OR COUNTRY Illinois
Additional remarks: 5 MILES EAST OF PARIS, ILLINOIS, 1 MILE SOUTH OF ROUTE 16
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 5 Minutes Seconds
6. Which of the following is most indicative of your answer to Question 5: (Circle one) a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
7. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
8. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with questions and checkboxes related to the observation of an unidentified flying object.

Output of the text in the document:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? 
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?        Yes        No        Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes        No        Don't Know
c. Break into parts or explode?              Yes        No        Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?                           Yes        No        Don't Know
e. Change brightness?                        Yes        No        Don't Know
f. Change shape?                             Yes        No        Don't Know
g. Flutter, throb, or pulsate?                Yes        No        Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes        No
b. Sun glasses   Yes        No
c. Windshield    Yes        No
d. Window glass  Yes        No

e. Binoculars    Yes        No
f. Telescope     Yes        No
g. Theodolite    Yes        No
h. Other

- page 23 -

