The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a UFO index card with information about a sighting that occurred on 01/01/54 in Trenton, New Jersey.

The text in the document is as follows:

UFOB INDEX CARD ATS-UFOB-296-55
1. DATE: 01/01/54
2. LOCATION: Trenton, New Jersey
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D Ground-Visual, O Air-Visual
5. SOURCE: Civilian and Mil. (OCC)
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One (1)
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: PIC (15) Minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: One (1) round, amber colored object, the size of a basketball, held at arm's length seen for a period of 15 minutes. Faded out.
11. COMMENTS: Possibly a balloon. Duration of sighting, the color and the kind of erratic course substantiate the above theory.
(NO CASE IN FILE)
AISOP Form 5 (15 Oct 54)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or record card from Project 10073, which is part of Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 31 Aug 55
3. DATA FROM GROUP: Less
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 MINS
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: One bright light, shape of a basketball, size of basketball at arms length seen for 15 mins. Faded out
11. COMMENTS: Possible balloon and almost stationary course indicates above theory.

- page 2 -

There is a photograph included in this page of a UFO News Report document. The photograph appears to show a bright object in the sky that was observed by an individual who had his camera ready at the time. The report discusses the details of this observation, including the object's trajectory, appearance, and the photographer's conclusions.

UFO News Report
By THOMAS M. COMELLA

EXCLUSIVE - TRC STUDIES AMAZING COLOR PHOTO
UFO: TRC is now examining one of the most amazing color photo graphs ever taken! It is not photographic detail which, makes this UFO involved is shown on a color Kodak Ektachrome slide.

The photographer was talking with his parents here, and he had his Kodak Model II, 35 mm. camera mounted, and ready, as the UFO came into view in late August, 1955 at approximately 10:30 P.M. As the object moved toward the observer, he followed a horizontal trajectory. At the nearest point to the observer, the photographer took the picture.

Since the object was not at all obscured by background, it agreed that the film probably would show the true shape from the image distortion not produced merely in processing laboratory.

Just a blue-white dot when it was observed, it took on a deep blue color with a surrounding rounded blue glow!

The film involved is certainly not a light from the observers. Also, meteors follow curved trajectories, but this object did not follow a curved path. However, meteors usually burn out in full view of the observers. Also, meteors follow curved trajectories.

Toward the ground, but this object followed a horizontal trajectory. Meteors merely seem to be so fast that ordinary cameras will not stop their motion!

Photographs of meteors merely show a straight line in the sky, the object in question was obviously not traveling so fast as a meteoric!

Also, the observer states that all witnesses watched the object for a long time in order to get a good look at it and photograph it.

In some fantastic chance the observer did not somehow get a photograph of it, the meteors would only appear as a thin, white line and could not have shown the unusual colors and shape of this UFO.

At the present time, this photographic evidence has informed TRC that it is still underway. A tele-photo lens is an authentic photograph of some kind of an incredible speed moving through the Earth's upper atmosphere as incredible speeds. Physicists tell us that ionization of the atmosphere, strange trail or tail could be due to ionization of the atmosphere, at any rate, the photograph remains one of the most conclusive pieces of evidence of extra-terrestrial visitation!

- page 3 -

