The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which appears to be a form used to document UFO sightings and observations.

The text from the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 27 February 1955
2. LOCATION: Kings Landing, Calif.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 1330 EST
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
G Ground - Radar
O Air Visual
G Air Radar
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4 or 5 minutes
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Jet a/c in area observed wat object 1330 - Attracted by aluminum reflection. Object resembled disc -with serrated edge illumination appeared therein.
9. CONCLUSIONS: Possible Exp. Aircraft

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

Transcription of the text:

"Pissa, as witness statement or interrogation of a witness' statement of a communication reported from Otis Air Force Base.

The witness stated that on February 16, 1955 while on duty on the radar scope at Kings Landing, California, he observed an unidentified flying object on the radar screen. The object was traveling at a speed of approximately 2,000 miles per hour and was traveling in a northeasterly direction. The object was approximately 15 miles off the coast and was observed for approximately 1 minute and 15 seconds. The object was observed to make a 90 degree turn and travel in a southwesterly direction at the same speed. The object then made another 90 degree turn and traveled in a northeasterly direction at the same high rate of speed. The object then disappeared from the radar scope. The weather at the time was clear and visibility was good. There was no known aircraft in the area at the time which could have accounted for the object observed.

On February 17, 1955 the witness was interviewed by an Intelligence Officer of the U.S. Air Force and a written statement was obtained. The witness was considered to be a reliable and competent observer. The object was estimated to be approximately the size of a small aircraft. There was no sound or trail associated with the object. The observer stated that the object made three 90 degree turns which he considered unusual for a normal aircraft. He further stated that the object's speed was far in excess of any known aircraft at that time."

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten report or document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) between 1952 and 1969.

The text in the document reads as follows:

The event at Kings Landing, Calif. would probably have been the sighting of the 2nd type of unidentified object reported in this particular case. That is, a dark object first seen at about 6:00 P.M. which was observed to travel at a high rate of speed, passing from a point near the horizon to a point high in the sky and then disappearing. A larger, lighted object was reported to have appeared shortly thereafter, maneuvering in the sky and then disappearing. This account seems to be quite consistent with many other sightings of this nature. Some investigators have speculated that the initial sighting was probably of a conventional aircraft, and the later appearance of the lighted object was perhaps an unidentified aircraft. Under the circumstances described, however, I am not certain that either of these explanations can be accepted with a high degree of confidence.

No more has contacted me concerning this matter. I shall be writing to the observers asking that they provide additional details which might assist in the evaluation of this report. It is hoped that the full facts can be determined, since this case is of more than usual interest.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

OCR Output:

(A) With respect to the whole problem of talking to the public, I think the truth to be said is that we are not really equipped to handle this situation properly. We are a technical organization, not a public relations organization, and our experience in talking to the public has been sadly lacking. However, I do feel that in the interest of the public and of official policy, we should make some attempt to give out the truth to the people.

(B) I say that a first hand account by a technically competent observer, even though it may lean toward the sensational, is certainly preferable to the wildly exaggerated rumors that go 
circulating around the country. The public deserves to get as accurate and objective a story as possible, and I believe that we should make some effort, even at the risk of occasional sensationalism, to give them the facts as we know them.

(C) There is no foolproof way of preventing the general public from obtaining some information on this subject. The UFO sightings are being reported more and more frequently, and the public interest is mounting. Newspaper and radio coverage is increasing, and the general demand for more information is becoming insistent. Under these circumstances, I feel that it would be in the best interests of the Air Force and the government to initiate an official program of limited public information, handled in such a way as to avoid the creation of mass hysteria, but at the same time satisfying the legitimate and healthy public curiosity.

I am 35 years old, a officer, and graduated with distinction in Physics from the University of California in 1944. I have had 10 years experience in the field of scientific and technical intelligence, including the interpretation of photographs for intelligence purposes. I feel that I am qualified to discuss this problem from a technical point of view.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a handwritten document or report. 

I have processed the text in the document and provided the full output below:

I have been sitting up all night - can't get a wink of sleep. My nerves are absolutely ragged to pieces. I was Soooooooo excited about the sighting I had last night about 10:30 in my back yard. I was reading the paper and suddenly looked up and my God I There in the sky was a huge bright light that seemed to change in shape and color and dart all over the place - it just seemed to defy all the laws of gravity. I have never been so excited in my life. I have called the police and they have been out but say they can't do anything. I have called the newspaper and they have been out but can't find any trace of it. I am more than just a little jittery over this. What, I was greatly impressed to see a huge ship or whatever it was hovering in the sky, changing shape and color and darting all over the place. It surely did not seem to be of this earth. Sharkey Fuller

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing handwritten text.

I will now act as an Optical Character Recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

I would really have no way of knowing - certainly no more than you - as to the exact nature of this phenomena. I take your word it was sighted here one evening and described as a light. From this report, it appears to have been moving rapidly in an irregular path not customary of any conventional aerial device. The lack of noise and ability to maintain a directed course are also quite unusual in relation to conventional aircraft.

While I cannot say definitively what this sighting may have been, I would suggest it falls into the category of unexplained phenomena which, as you know, we have a number of reports on in our files. We have no conclusive evidence of the nature or origin of these types of sightings. They remain unexplained and unidentified. I hope this further report may be of some interest and value to you in accumulating data on these matters. Please let me know if I can be of any additional assistance.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature redacted]

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or diagram. The sketch shows a triangular or pyramidal shape, with additional lines and markings around it. There is no photographic image present in this document page.

Clear-cut Views

- page 7 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch, but no photograph. The sketch appears to depict a type of aircraft or UFO. The text in the image reads "Close - up vision" and there are some additional handwritten notes and annotations.

As an OCR system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

Close - up vision
2100'
T. Banta

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten note or sketch. The note describes a "Bright metallic aluminum" object and mentions "No markings".

Transcribing the text in the image:

Elecro-servo-drive
Design of bright metallic aluminum
No markings

- page 9 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with the text "Clarence Varian" and "Barron appearing white object with experience to indicate". The text seems to be written in cursive handwriting.

Clarence Varian
Barron appearing white object with experience to indicate

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text on a blank page. The text reads:

"Chasing up Diving"

"Estimated that a glowing bright object was very swiftly descending from west to east very abruptly disappearing. Very startling behavior."

(Explaining more detailed transcript)

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text that reads:

AUDIO TAPES
February 7, 1955
Kings Landing, CALIFORNIA
06-20239
File # 100314, 100319, 100320
In Custody of Audio-Visual Division

1955

- page 12 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

Place - Reedley, Heights, Calif.
Date - 
Time - 9:25 PM, lasting 5 minutes
Observer - [Redacted]
Observation - [Redacted] saw a round bright object in the sky that moved slowly and silently, then disappeared. The object emitted an orange glow.
Atmospheric - Clear, calm, no cloud cover. Unusual behavior according to the observer.

- page 13 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or diagram rather than a photograph. The sketch depicts various lines, shapes, and annotations, including the text "OBSERVER HERE" at the bottom.

OBSERVER HERE

- page 14 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on official letterhead from the Congress of the United States House of Representatives, addressed to Major General John A. Samford, Director of Intelligence, Department of the Air Force, Washington, D.C. The letter is signed by John G. Watts and discusses the enclosure of a letter with pertinent information concerning an observation on the third of February 1955, and recommends that the information be carefully considered.

The text of the document is as follows:

JOHN G. WATTS 
31st District, Kentucky

CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
WASHINGTON, D. C.

August 2, 1955

Major General John A. Samford
Director of Intelligence
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

My dear General Samford:

I enclose a letter together with pertinent data compiled by Mr. John C. Watts, Grayson, Kentucky, which, I think, self-explanatory. As you will note, his observations are supplying very detailed information concerning his observation on the third of February, 1955, of an unidentified current.

I think Mr. Watts' information is to be commended for the careful manner in which he has given his information to us. I know that you will give it very careful evaluation.

Very sincerely yours,

(Signed) John G. Watts

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing handwritten and typed text.

SECTION 1 - MEMORANDUM FOR THE CHIEF OF LEGISLATIVE, LIAISON, OFFICE, SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE SUBJECT: INVESTIGATION OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS BY THE AIR FORCE

The text describes the investigation of unidentified flying objects by the Air Force, and mentions that the letter to General Cabell concerning the observation of an unidentified flying object has been turned over to the appropriate authorities. It also states that the Air Force has a major responsibility in this area and that a voluntary basis is preferred in the handling of such reports.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE DIVISION
INCOMING UNCLASSIFIED MESSAGE

STID A15
HOAXEZ TDA134 YTESG YMAS2ENAI63
PP RJEDEM RJEDCU RJEPHO RJEPNB
DE RJEDEN/255 
P 282135Z
FM COMDR ADC ENT AFB COLO
TO RJEPEN/COMDR 5TH ADW DEP BELLEVILLE MICH
INFO RJEPHO/COMDR HO USAF WASH DC
RJEPNB/COMDR EADF STEWART AFB NEWBURGH NY
RJEDCU/COMDR DET S 46715T GND OBSR SS 218 CHURCH ST LEXINGTON KY
AF GRNC

BT
JINCL/ ADHIS 35918, UFMSG DY 5245, SINCE THIS HAS NOT RECEIVED REPT
OF MR.
S UFO SIGHTING, SUGGEST THAT AN AF REPRESENTATIVE
FR DET S 46715T GOS, VISIT OR CALL MR.
, TRY TO ALLAY HIS FEELINGS
OF RESENTMENT TOWARD THE AF, ENCOURAGE HIM TO WRITE THE COMDR, EDWARDS
AFB CAL, FOR AN ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF HIS REPT AND FOR INFO ON ANY ACTION
TAKEN.

BT
28/21352 SEP RJEDEN
NOTE : 5240 IS AP IN 1245 (1 Sep 55)
INFO : ORIG COPY, ODC

AP IN : 6559 (9 Sep 55)

S/HL

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter addressed to the "Director of Intelligence, United States Air Force, Washington, D.C."

The text of the letter is as follows:

Dear Sir:

Enclosed is a clipping from the local newspaper.

On February 13, 1955 at 7:45 P.M. a bright light was seen by Mr. and Mrs. Jack Riley of Kings Landing, California. The light was not an exceptional one as the Air Force might well have had one in area at the time.

I had to go thru the Congressman John White and get an acknowledgment from the air force before I could even make an inquiry about this matter as it is in restricted area.

I have a letter from the Congressman John White stating that the Air Force has no comment to make on this incident. Would you please ever have someone talk with Mr. and Mrs. Jack Riley as their story may be worth while and I am sure they would be glad to give you any information you may desire. As a result of the way you handled this case I am sure it will cause the good people of Kings Landing to feel less enthusiastic about reporting any unusual occurrences in the area in the future.

Yours truly,

P.S. Many apologies for bothering with your good correspondence, but I thought you might be interested in this as it seems to be a rather interesting case.

- page 18 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. Instead, it appears to be a page from an old newspaper or magazine called "THE LEX" with an article discussing Russia's alleged development of a nuclear-powered bomber.

Performing OCR on the text in the image, the output is as follows:

Magazine Says Russia Has A-Powered Bomber
The Russian nuclear-powered bomber, which reportedly is capable of a range of 20,000 miles, has interested the United States Government. According to the report from Moscow, the Russians have developed a bomber that can stay aloft for indefinite periods through atomic power.
The magazine said a number of other details of the bomber's construction and capabilities were given by the report. These include:
The bomber is powered by two atomic engines which the Russians have been testing and improving for some time. Its over-all length is believed to be less than 100 feet and its wingspan is about 140 feet.
The fuel tanks are fitted one behind the other, giving it a long, slim fuselage. The engines are placed directly behind the cockpit.
An air-to-air refueling system, radio-controlled remotely from its base, is said to permit the bomber to remain aloft constantly and refuel in the air.
The Air Force and Defense Establishment are known to be intensely interested in the Russian bomber and are endeavoring to learn all possible details about it.
While the report on the new bomber has not been officially confirmed, the magazine said it came from usually reliable Russian sources and had been widely reported and discussed.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a cover sheet or routing slip from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

COVER SHEET
ORIGIN OF BASIC
DATE
SUBJECT TYPE 
Unidentified Flying Object
ROUTING
IN OFFICE OUT OFFICE IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT
DATE 19 December 1955
FROM: SAFTS-3, Attn: Maj. L. J. Tucker 
COMMENTS (for further distribution if necessary)
1. Mr. report was received in early August 1955, through representatives. This report was analyzed as an experimental (aircraft) in spite of the apparent it was claimed that it was 15,000 feet long and 100 feet wide - all answers to representative facts. 
2. The tone of Mr. Wabba' latest letter seems to indicate that this man is a frustrated ex-BA, and will be satisfied only by having this frustration satisfied.
The ATIC has no intention of sending anyone to talk with Mr. concerning a case under four years old. It is felt that the first answer to this man through representative Wabba was more than adequate.
INITIALS:
1. Rp
2. V/Incl
2. Hq did 15 Aug 55
Handliner

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a newspaper called "The Lexington Herald" dated December 1, 1958.

Here is the text from the document:

THE LEXINGTON HERALD
Lexington, Ky., Monday Morning, December 1, 1958 Price 5c Vol. 88 No. 286

Magazine Says Russia Has A-Powered Bomber
By Vera Hanygan
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29 - ("The Russian nuclear-powered U.S. Air Force Deputy chief of bomber is not a flying jet bell, but staff for nuclear weapons developed
merely a "flying idea" as of the Canada will monitor air missile for the atomic alert system,"
the moment, according to U.S. sites in Canada, according to an We were told, revealed new
Air Force spokesmen. article in the current issue of U.S. details of a "secret" nuclear
The U.S. magazine Aviation Week, which propelled bomber program developing in the
said the latest classified reports says such a plane "is in Soviet Union.
of the U.S. Air Force indicate the experimental development." Based on information from
Russians have not yet successfully The U.S. Air Force Deputy official unnamed sources, the
tested a nuclear-powered jet chief said the United States magazine article stated the
bomber, as has been reported in some has received no intelligence Soviets have taken a "radical
publications. about such a plane, and that departure from conventional
The magazine said a number of there is no evidence it has been jet bomber design" in developing
previous reports that the Russians flown. a nuclear-powered bomber.
had developed a nuclear-powered The article added, however, the The new bomber, the article
bomber were extremely premature, United States is closely watching said, is being designed to carry
and that the Russians have observed the Soviet atomic energy program for conventional and nuclear
the fact that the U.S. officials and any evidence of such a weapons and to remain airborne
have withheld much of the secret development. indefinitely. 
details of the U.S. nuclear bomber The article also said the While no details were given
project. Russians have reportedly as to the type of nuclear power
U.S. Air Force spokesmen developed a "intercontinental plant that would be installed
said the current classified reports ballistic missile" (ICBM) which in the bomber, the magazine
indicate the Russians are working "almost certainly" would be said the Soviet aircraft was
on the development of a nuclear- capable of carrying nuclear expected to have "radiations
powered bomber, but "it is still in weapons, and are engaged control" devices built into it,
the experimental stage' and has in missile alert warning systems and that it was "not necessarily
not been successfully flown. similar to those in the U.S. a liquid metal cooled reactor."
The magazine Aviation Week, It said the U.S. Air Force Speculation was that the
in an article by its Washington had developed operational plans nuclear reactor on the Soviet
editor, Vera Hanygan, said the for meeting the threat of a bomber would be a solid uranium
Soviets are concentrating on nuclear-armed ICBM or bombar dment reactor, with means of
developing a nuclear-powered than those already available. remote-control and automatic 
bomber with the primary purpose These plans called for a vast shut-down systems in the event
of extending the time a bomber air alert system, and for of mechanical failure.
could remain airborne. intercepting missile launchings The article said both U.S.
The article said the Soviet within minutes and before crews and the Soviets are studying
nuclear-powered bomber is similer they could reach their targets. the feasibility of nuclear-powered
to the U.S. Air Force's B-47 Stratojet combat aircraft. The U.S. Air
medium jet bomber, which is not Force has experimented with
nuclear-powered. nuclear-powered jets, the magaThe magazine said the Soviet zine said, but its research has 
nuclear bomber would enable the been "far less advanced" than
Russians to keep such aircraft that of the Soviets.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the U.S. Department of the Air Force, Headquarters United States Air Force, regarding a letter dated 26 October 1959.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO AFCSI-GA 
ATTN OF: 

DOD: 26 October 1959

TO: AROIN

1. Reference is made to your letter, subject: Transmittal of Tapes, dated 27 January 1959.

2. The tapes which were forwarded by your referenced letter were prepared by the above subject. It appears that the subject's purpose in making the tapes was to complain concerning inaction by the Air Force in his alleged sighting of a UFO on 27 December 1952. The tapes included allegations that his report was being mishandled by the Air Force.

3. With regard to the subject's alleged sighting of a UFO, the files of this Headquarters reveal that on 8 January 1953 the subject called at the OSI Detachment Office, Edwards Air Force Base, to report that he had observed a UFO. Information furnished by the subject was forwarded by letter, dated 22 March 1953, to the Commander, Air Force Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. A copy of this letter is attached for your information.

4. The attached tapes were reviewed by the FBI and Headquarters ARDC, and the information disclosed has been provided to the Intelligence Center for analysis and appropriate action. Since the tapes do not contain any information of interest to this Directorate at this time, they are being returned to you. Should the office having cognizance in UFO matters desire to take such action and disposition as you deem appropriate.

5. This letter is classified CONFIDENTIAL. An attached classification notice will be stamped FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY.

- page 22 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image solely contains handwritten text describing the contents of a document, which appears to be related to a "Kings Landing, CA" report from 1955 with 3 models of tape in a "Separate Folder".

Kings landing, ca
7 feb 55
3 models of tape
in separate folder

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

REFERRAL NOTICE
FROM: (U) Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)
ASSISTANT CHIEF OF STAFF, INTELLIGENCE: ATIN-ISB
TYPE OF ACTION:
APPROPRIATE ACTION
INFORMATION, FILE
INVESTIGATION AND/OR FILE
INFORMATION COPIES FORWARDED TO:
SUBJECT REPLY (With copy to)
Attached letter from AFSCI, with attachments, is forwarded for your disposition.
J. Abch
Pers Spec-Sm
Hq, USAF, D.C.
23 Feb 55, 3:45 p.m.
CONFIDENTIAL

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

Optical character recognition output:

AFTCR-iZ-2

Tape Recording

AFD-IN-1311 (Capt Coeac)

1. The tape recording forwarded to Assistant Chief of Staff, intelligence, on 6 February 1955, was reviewed and discussed with information which would prove beneficial to the Air Force. The fact is that since the record is the result of an attempt in life to harrass by the government as a result of past accessIle life issue to have received attention 7 February 1955.

2. The sighting by Mr (REDACTED) 1955, was reported to towards APD as having taken place in Kingsland, California. (The sighting is carried in the files of AFSC as resulting from an official statement). There is little information available nor any reason for changing the original evaluation.

3. The sighting reported by (REDACTED) gives no indication of rational threat. In view of the five years age of this case, AFSC does not intend any further investigation.

4. Information has been forwarded to OFCIR-2d concerning the recent similar sighting of this case by (REDACTED) with a suggestion that we be informed.

PHILIP D. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

- page 25 -

The image contains no photographs, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

APRIL-1-55
Topic: Sightings

AFR 200-2-1 (Capt Odna)
1. The sighting was reported to Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, by Lt Colonel John Dillon, 4279 Santa Ana, California. This became the subject of this report. The sighting lasted approximately 45 seconds.
2. The sighting by Lt Colonel Dillon was reported to Edwards AFB as having occurred on 7 January 1955. At that time it was considered of sufficient importance to be reported to the Director of Intelligence, USAF.
3. The sighting reported by Lt Colonel Dillon gave no indication of the case having any further investigation.
4. Information has been obtained by ATIC concerning the case but no additional evidence has been reported in addition to the original information contained in 7 February 1955.

MILLER O. EVANS
Colonel, USAF 
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, dated 18 APR 1950, regarding a UFO sighting on 7 February 1955 in Kings Landing, California.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 7 February 1955
TO: SAFOI-34 (Maj. Tucker)

1. The attached report probably forwarded three tape recordings to this office by the Air Force Control Group. These tapes have been reviewed and generally reveal no information which would be beneficial to the air force in their analysis of the activities toward the air force by the UFO sightings.

2. The pertinent facts in this case indicate that the United States Government, and specifically the Air Force, is responsible for the lack of information which the individual had complained about in November 1954. The Air Force is further obligated to give out this information as disclosed November 1954 and July 1955. There is no interest in this case and the ATIC has no further ideas or activities required in this matter.

3. The case reported to the Air Force on 7 February 1955, at the field in the ATIC files as possibly an experimental aircraft. Mr. has divulged any additional information concerning this sighting, and this case is more than two years old. Any significant information ATIC has learned from this case and is willing to share with the individual has been provided.

4. The sighting of 1955 gave no evidence of national threat and in view of the Air Force's inability to establish anything of importance per the original evaluation, in view of no new evidence, holds firm.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Director, USAF Science and Components

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

19 April 1950

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is to acknowledge the large tape recordings you forwarded to the Air Force.

The unidentified flying object sighting reported to the Air Force on 7 February 1950 was evaluated as an experimental aircraft. This case has again been reviewed by the Air Technical Intelligence Center and in view of the fact that no new evidence has been submitted, the original evaluation remains unchanged.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a handwritten letter addressed to Mr. Dwight Eisenhower, the President of the United States, describing an incident of aircraft penetration of the territorial air space of the Continental United States of America, which occurred in early February of 1955. The letter provides personal observations and a detailed account of the incident, and mentions that this report is a "detailed and careful report" from the Department of the Air Force.

Text from the document:

Mr. Dwight Eisenhower
President of the United States
The White House
Washington, D.C.

Dear Mr. President,

I am writing to you about an aircraft penetration of the territorial air space of the Continental United States of America. This incident occurred in early February of 1955. I personally observed several minutes of this particular penetration.

This sighting was near Kingley Landing, California - which is near Sacramento, California. The years of almost futile efforts on my part has brought almost zero cooperation from the air force. After our five years the first effective interest and action was taken in December 1954, and a degree by which I have reproduced this one page 26. This Department of the Air Force letter is a detailed and careful report. A file included, on AF 1-C, a sheet of the legal under discussion follows.

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Your office can obtain any necessary background on this case from the Air Force. The typewritten text says to "The Air Force: even about 75% of the notifications of my information dealings with the Air Force and the sightings..."

I firmly believe that the object seen was an outer space. However, in view of the fantastic missile and aircraft progress by the Russians, it is possible that aircraft X was a prototype of a Russian nuclear-powered super plane. The fact that there is a slight possibility is the primary reason why I feel compelled to inform you on the time of your office.

Aircraft X was definitely feeling out the air space. The aircraft Z was in the area for several minutes - once it was so close to me I could observe its structure. It made a sharp turn and then proceeded to climb rapidly. This craft went from the clock-wise to straight up, and very close to me.

This craft went from the clock-wise to straight up, and very close to me. I studied it around and then almost immediately climbed back.

- page 31 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text that appears to be part of a report or document.

The text reads:

upstairs and overllook the site. The site were flying full blast with after burning off the power and slowing of the craft. The distance South was 200. and the angle of sight permitted was approx 13, so an opening rate of a little over 3 to 1 or approximately 10,000 ft per hour until it was several miles ahead of the jet. then slowed down to their normal speed again gradually taking off.

I have been a civilian pilot myself and have a fair knowledge of aircraft. I spent on this manmade first object for approximately three years and no less than 20 hours electronic watch.

I am competent to evaluate what I saw.

There are thousands of American who have beyond a shadow of doubt that space craft have visited this planet and this country me. For the U.S. to be so secretely adminiLed and to hold this knowledge from the public would be criminal neglect. In a position to get Mr. President, you are possition to educato the to public on the truth as I know it.

- page 32 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing a UFO sighting.

Transcription of the text in the document:

To Whom it may concern: 
The incident and flying object reported to me must be a genuine occurrence, since I am able to vouch for the things which have happened, since the detail furnished would render it a pretty good case for current consideration, and would merit a reply from me on this matter.

I came up by sighting that the "Aircraft 2" had no markings, and was not the property of the United States of America. This makes it belong to Intelligence or the Russians. Mr. President, with my sense of mind, good health, and continued contact with your endearing child.

Thanking you for your time and interest in the subject matter discussed herein.

Yours truly,
[Redacted]

- page 33 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

APRIL - May 1955, 'Friend' /\are' 589716' Signed 11 APR 60
UFO Sightings, 7 February 1955 
SAFOR-34 (Major Packard)
1. The assistant Chief of staff, intelligence, recently forwarded these two reports to the Air Force. However, they do not reveal an attitude which would be of value to the Air Force. 
2. Throughout the tape, it indicates that the United States Government, and specifically the Air Force, is responsible for the lack of seriousness with which UFO sightings are regarded. It suggests that some action is taken by the Air Force for a "look see" in an UFO sighting which he reported 7 February 1955, in California. December 1955, it * reported a request for a visit from an Air Force team to make a physical survey to verify the information. 
3. The case reported to the Air Force on 7 February 1955, it was apparently an experimental aircraft. The physical characteristics found in the AFC case files. Considerable time was spent in investigation, and in view of a lack of additional information, and in view of a lack of additional information, AFO has no reason to change this original evaluation, in view of no new evidence. Holds firm.

COORDINATION:
/s/ Robert K. White, Major, USAF
Deputy Chief, Evaluation Division 
Intelligence, USAF

- page 34 -

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram and accompanying text. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

Aircraft 1
Delta wing
Air intake
350 ft to 500 ft. Rear Top Side

Domelight (?)
Can bring shaped (?)

Compression (?) seems past (?)

This is a poor sketch. I'm not even a very good artist. However, this sketch must convey that a B-52

- page 35 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Department of the Air Force, likely related to a Project Blue Book report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

SUBJECT: REPORT

CASE: KING'S LANDING, CALIF.

DATE: 7 JUNE 55

The appropriate boxes have been marked to indicate routine required on the case.

INFORMATION UPON WHICH A REPLY IN DETAIL MAY BE BASED:
INFORMATION UPON WHICH A REPLY IN DETAIL MAY BE BASED:
INCIDENT REPORTED WITH ADDITIONAL DETAILS.

RADIO: TELEPHONE: PERSONAL: (See not
tc-so, Paragraph 3) X

THIS CASE IS PROCESSED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CURRENT DIRECTIVES AND WILL BE RETAINED ON FILE FOR A REASONABLE PERIOD OF TIME IN THE EVENT ADDITIONAL PERTINENT INFORMATION IS RECEIVED. NO FURTHER ACTION BY THIS OFFICE IS CONTEMPLATED AT THIS TIME.

FOR THE SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE:

- page 36 -

There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a typed document containing a memo for the record regarding a telephone conversation.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD 
Subj: Telephone conversation with [REDACTED]
On 2 August 1968 at approximately 1505 hours, Sgt. Harold T. Jones received a telephone call from a Mr. [REDACTED] who said he was an instructor (S-F) and wanted to know how long it would take him to get to the UFO office at Wright-Patterson AFB, what time we quit work, because he wanted to come to our office and give us some information on an old sighting he had. Sgt. Jones informed Mr. [REDACTED] it would take about 15 - 20 minutes to get to the base but Colonel Quintanilla was gone for the rest of the afternoon and that Lt. Marano (Col Quintanilla's assistant) was here and could give him the information. He stated he didn't care who he talked to, that he wouldn't take up too much of anybody's time.

In between portions of the conversation there appeared to be trouble in the telephone lines, such as a poor connection, so every time there was an interruption he used foul language (damn, shit). The trouble in the line was somewhere between the office phone and the phone from where Mr. [REDACTED] was calling.

Mr. [REDACTED] then spoke with Lt. Marano. Mr. [REDACTED] was very upset and said the Air Force is always evasive. Lt Marano asked Mr. [REDACTED] if he wanted to make a report on a 1959 - 1955 case, said yes it was an old report and this is about the ninth time I have called over the past years and you always have telephone trouble. "I don't think anybody could really report anything if they had to." Mr. [REDACTED] said his report was in 1955. Lt Marano informed Mr. [REDACTED] if he wanted to visit the UFO office at Wright-Patterson in regards to his old sighting.

- page 37 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing a conversation between an unidentified person and an investigator from Project Blue Book regarding a UFO sighting. The text describes how the unidentified person tried to obtain permission from the office in Washington, D.C. to report the sighting, and that there was a UFO investigator at each base who investigated reports from local areas. The text also mentions that the unidentified person used abusive language and was demanding throughout the conversation.

sighting he could obtain permission from the office in Washington, D.C. USAF(SAFDICC) and that we had an UFO investigator at each base who 
investigates reports from the local areas. Mr. XXXXX said this is 
what he really wanted to know. He knows he couldn't report a sighting 
if he wanted to, Mr. XXXXX said he had tried to make contact with 
this office and that he was going to write his congressman and inform 
him that we always have telephone trouble. Mr XXXXX then said 
good bye. Mr. XXXXX used abusive language, was curt and demanding 
throughout the whole conversation.

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with some markings near the bottom, likely a stamp or notation.

OCR Text:
There is no visible text in the image to be extracted.

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document, possibly from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

This tape is addressed to the Director of Intelligence U.S. Air Force, Washington, D.C. The document discusses the sender's sighting of a U.F.O. in northern California on February 3, 1955, near Knights Landing, California. The sender discusses their history with the Air Force and their subsequent employment elsewhere. The text of the document is as follows:

This tape is addressed to the Director of Intelligence U.S. Air Force, Washington, D.C. My name is [redacted], my residence [redacted], Lexington, Kentucky. Incidentally, this piece of tape was purchased by me and came from government sources and was not stolen from the Air Force. 

My name, I dare say, is particularly familiar to some of your people in the rusty part of their memory, but my memory of you people and some of the shenanigans you have pulled is burning freshly in my mind. Going back a long time, nearly five years to be exact, on February 3, 1955, that is about the date, I sighted a U.F.O. in northern California, down near Knights landing, California.

Since that day, so many things have happened that a hundred tapes at this particular speed of recording would not begin to encompass them. However, the things, rest assured, can be on this tape.

In May of 1958 I left R.C.A. for very good reasons and upon applying for a job elsewhere, in the Cape Canaveral area, it seemed that electronic technician positions were all closed. Very good. I wonder why? Well, eventually, I secured a job with Convair Astronautics. I hired in as an electronics technician and they tried to put me on as an electrician. I am pretty good at obeying hunches; several times I have done so.

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the following text contained in the document:

JANUARY 1959 SIGHTINGS (Cont'd)
CASE DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
34 11 Bering Sea, Alaska Mil VisKrad A/C
My life was saved during World War II by obeying instantaneously hunches. A particular assignment had I would have resulted in the death of an employee and a couple more badly maimed in an elevator accident. After trying to shuttle me on an electrician job I balked. I was assigned to the guidance laboratory at Convair Astronautics at Cape Canaveral. Here I worked for several weeks and again I left this job for very good reasons. The reasons weren't different from the same ones which caused me to leave R.C.A. In September 1958, with virtually no funds, having some of my equipment left over from a previous business I opened a television repair shop here in Lexington, Kentucky. Well, it seems that my troubles still weren't over. Now that I have given you a brief run down of some of the jobs that I have held while working for Company's who were working for on Air Force contracts, I will try to get down to business and be as brief as I possibly can. First of all, I would like to say that in WW2 I was a First Sergeant the last 19 months I was in the service. I went and in the service October 1939 and one month later

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

was rated and turned to duty as a radio operator battalion technician.

Subsequently, I was a Corporal and a radio Chief of Section. Radio Chief of Section ft through the Guadalcanal campaign. Spent 105 days in action there, and I do mean action. In the American! Division, particular Field Artillery Battalion was attached to the First Lave Division. Subsequently, I suffered five years of malaria.

And in 1942 I made arrangements to transfer to the Air Force, the Army Air Force it was at that time, and install the radio gear in P-38 fighters and see that all their equipment in the electrical line was ship-shape. But General Patch, who was my division commander at the time, later led the 7th army in Europe, beat the transfer down, and generally I was out maneuvered until I was on a boat, so that is about as close as I xxxx ever came to being a member of the Air Force.

My experience as a pilot has been limited. I have about 245 hours log time. Most of that time we spend at flying and not joy riding. Flying was something I always wanted to learn and I eventually learned it on my own. In handling a light aircraft, I can do pretty well. I have landed mud flaps, chopped out 3 propellers, made a number of emergency landings and a few things like this. But getting back, this is just all a little background getting back to the starting of this is just all a little background.

- page 42 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing a written report of a UFO sighting.

JANUARY 1958 SIGHTINGS (cont'd)
CASE DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
34 11 Bering Sea
a lot of trouble and why I am contacting you. First of all a thing that has burned in my craw for many years is the sighting of this UFO near KINGS LANDING, CALIF. I have had a few years to it ends together, to talk to people, and gentlemen, I know the story.
You know the story. Just how things are handled up at top level, I don't know.
The trim-framing that goes on is something fantastic. Now the craft that I sighted over KNIGHTS IS. did not belong to the U.S. government. It did not belong to Russians, since no other nations were advanced enough to have aircraft of this size and category. 
Then, if it did not belong to the Russians, and it did not belong to we Americans, who did it belong to? It is very simple, it was a space craft from outer space. Now whether you like this or whether you don't, like it, the facts stack up. I don't care what your reports show, I could write 500 pages, presently built up from that initial observation. Now I'm not trying to make you tell the American people more than they should know, but gentlemen, there does seem to be something fantastic going on.

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

people that there are space craft. Anyone with an ounce of intelligence knows that the whole American public, that is all these people what have reported these UFO's, can'tall of them be crazy! When you people are pressed, you will dig around and if there is any evidence in an emergency way that you could beat a man's brains out and make him look super ridiculous. Now there is no point in me sitting here on a tape in a one way conversation and trying to argue with you about U.F.O.'s. Since that time five years ago, the American public has had some rude awakenings and I fear they shall have many more. Now any American with a little common horse sense, knows just about how far advanced we really are and all this sweet talk and pretty talk and what have you doesn't alter the facts of the case. Now, I did my duty as a citizen. I reported this incident. I was not even shown enough consideration to be called a liar, a fool, a crackpot, or what have you. Privately I have probably been called everything in the book. I always like to close quarters (7) with people who particularly like to smear me. I like to just verbally beat their brains out. And your haven't got a thing on General on him, you haven't got anybody with the voice, the psychic power or anything else, who can annoy me or alarm me.

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF 
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 45 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report.

I have talked to various people and asked them, would someone send someone to talk to me? I don't care how many photos you got at the time, how much data you got at the time, you had an eye witness on the ground, and a man that saw that aircraft in positions of maneuverability. It was an eye witness, not looking out of another airplane or what have you. Trained skilled people could have asked me questions that might not have been readily apparent to me, that I might have observed at the time. Now, when I went to work for R.C.A., incidentally I broke in a television business in Cal. in 1954, and I went down to Edwards AFB and tried to get a job but I never had any luck down there. But as fate would have it, this was 1955, this thing had to occur prior to that time. While I was down there looking for a job, I went to the intelligence and at Edwards and made a report of this. However at the time, getting this thing organized in my mind and what have you and if I could have talked to someone trained in handling these things, I could have gotten a better report at the time. But subsequently, I did send in a detailed report. I might add I never did get any offers at Edwards AFB and I strongly suspect that you people had something to do with that. Now I am a...

- page 46 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

veteran xr, a hard worker, and a damn good electronics man, just about as good as they come.

I don't know everything but I do have a capacity to solve

When I was hired at R.C.A. in 1956 I needed a job; I needed it badly, and I went to work for these people. I went to after my secret clearance came through. I performed my duties and - uh - while on my tour of duty, one of the first inklings that I had that you people were, had, more or less sort of put the Indian sign on me, was when a security chief had had a few to drink. And, incidentally, you all remember the embarrassing situation when the Snark missile ran away to South America. We were forbidden to discuss the thing on the base eventhough we were not involved in the test. However, it was on the news and in the news papers. So after it was in the news papers and on the news, well, there was a little conversation around. And the conversation came up some way or another, I believe that the R.C.A. manager Mr. Bozer was sitting there at the time and perhaps someone else and the security chief, - Mr. Wilson, at that time, who perhaps had had a couple, made the remark that if a Snark missile finds it necessary to land here at Kings Landing, California

- page 47 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten text document from the Project Blue Book archives, likely a witness testimony or report.

sometime or another, or to be landed here, better not catch you down on the run way. And I said, "Well, I don't know. why anyone would want to be down on the runway. Do you mean me or do you mean anybody?"
He said, "I mean you." Well here was one of the first tip offs.
Instead of starting an argument(y/o)u see, sometimes it is wiser to listen and sometimes it is not always wiser to listen - we always know when it is wise to listen or press an issue.
Now about February of 1957 I came home, to have some surgery done.
And the Veterans Administration, when you mess around with the government you get the business, but some of us people, I guess, are a little soft in the head when we have been raised up to be loyal Americans we always come back for more punishment.
And clearly beg to death within a hat breadth. They did a good butcher job on me and I nearly bled to death within a hat breadth.
I had to be operated on a second time to stop the bleeding. As I say, I came within a hair breadth.
Due to improper post operative care, I had to get myself out of the hospital and go out to a civilian hospital and have this surgery all done over again. This is three operations for the same thing when it 's nothing but a piece of butchery typical of service from the government.

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that describes a personal account of an experience related to unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

unfortunately, when I reported back to Patrick AFB, I went back to the[?]
Unfortunately I just went 2k about a week too soon.
I got down there [illegible] the Medizoni duty would not give me
any assistance and after having gone through the
ordeal of having been operated on three times in about 30 days, I
could'nt risk being stuck on an island so I came back to the
mainland for treatment. So I took off for a few weeks and
back.

- page 49 -

There is no photograph present in this document page from the Project Blue Book UFO report. The page appears to be a typed text with no visual images.

Here is the text output from the document:

How the Pan American knot head, Mr - uh - Doctor was in the middle of a controversy when the man laid on the pad cut there for 40 minutes before an appliance picked him up. Incidentally, a Republican, mind you, would just as soon tell me to go back down range where I had become certified from a recognized expert in the field of proctology. And so I had to stay out my time, a 90 day waiting period and I went to school in the mean time, but when I applied for a passport a month went by and I got no action. Here again is some more the old delaying tactics I've already become familiar with. My contact, my Senator, my father's neighbor and Unofficial Congressman, that is Congressman Watts, and asked him to expedite my passport, which he promptly did. I was bawled out by some of the Pan American people when I suggested the idea and exercised my prerogatives as a free citizen, of a free country. I have a right to contact my Congressman about a passport any damn time I get ready. Of course this puts an Indian sign on me again. Here's a man who calls a Congressman, well I'm not vouching the Air Force business concerns a Congressman John Watts as a matter of fact if you will ask him I have never done you people any harm. How when I went to Ascension Island the conditions were absolutely terrible, the morale was absolutely some of the worst I have ever seen in my life. Everybody was just living until the next plane could get in with some beer. There was nothing to work with, the supply was something that would have made any Congressman that's air stand straight up. So working under severe handicap there, believe this or not, I took a big along a couple of big cigar boxes of resistors and with me and my own tools and didn't even have tools in its bin that's another story. Without going into the waste and inefficiency and absolute falsification of reports by the radio corporation of America. Now the way these people have treated me in the incident I don't care anything.

- page 50 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO report.

OCR output:

about their hide anymore. All I can say is this, that I put you people in 
business as far as telementary . I was the chief telementary technician there and 
for the first 6 months of operation test. I went down and in Aug of 1957 you 
can say one thing for the 6 months that I was down there you people had nothing
but perfect telementary data. Not only did you have someone whom 
put it there, kept the performance of that equipment exceeding specifications 
being a radar in many cases even though they had decided to in many cases reign at 
a disadvantage but you had someone there who was a watchdog better than if you had 
a personal agent of your own only in the place to maintain security. When it 
came time to make my vacation I had not given my children for three years
who live on the West Coast. This thing had been planned, the time promised to me, 
RCA goofed off, had not arranged for relief personnel to be there on 
schedule and so I waited over about 20 days. My sister that of mine that had planned 
to take here vacation had this all worked out this all got messed up in the deal.
How you back in October I believe it was late October a sister of mine comitted 
suicide at the Down Blue due there to a damn psychotic Naval Petty Officer living 
on a crummy naval base. The poor girl had more than she could take. Of course 
at the time I did not know what had happened. I simply knew that she died.
Inasmuch as it was impossible to have gotten home in time. Inasmuch as 
the conditions there were important I didn't leave even though I recognised 
that it would have been a comfort to my mother and my family to have some on 
home here anyway, but I felt since I couldn't make the funeral and 
probably would have declined anyway because I felt the importance
of staying on the job at that particular time since the Russians had surprized
the world with Sputnick I. It was important that I stay there now.

- page 51 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report.

I think when it comes time for a man's vacation and he waits for over 20 days whenever he has a legitimate excuse to leave, death in the family and he stays on the job terminate about going home he has a perfect right to be. Certainly 6 months plus on a hundred square miles island living on some of the early conditions under which we lived also is a very excellent reason for getting off the rock. As a matter of fact I'm not so old I don't go like the women. Of course we have a few characters around in some of the companies I don't know what they do like. I see that it a portion of another tape is going to be required so I will briefly try to cover some highlights and elaborate on them on the following tapes. While on Ascension Island I was insulted a number of times in a of ways which were of such a nature that they would have been lasted with security people. We didn't never/any security people on the island. We simply had a Pan American Chief, A Fire Chief, you might say a guard. Some of these were just about more than a man could take. Some few people working for BGA and the Air Force, one or two Pan American people said some mighty insulting things to me. I have been called dirty son of a bitch, traitors and everything else. Now for a man who has served his country a man who has never been arrested or a man who has never been in trouble with the law these are some pretty rough.

- page 52 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, containing written text.

Text extracted from the document:

You may rest assured that I did nothing to provoke the incidents. In addition to this my mail was opened and tampered with. I have conclusive proof of this as a matter of fact I have several exhibits of this, tape one in particular. As a matter of fact I have a number of physical exhibits. 

Now I went on my vacation and returned to Ascension Island, the conditions there were absolutely intolerable. No man could have stood up and took the things I took. And believe me it would take 10 or 15 tapes to cover some of them. The company simply had a rule If you strike someone no matter what they have done to you, you are to be fired. Well can you image an old soldier, well not so old that an excusinesman a - technician, an ex First Sgt having to take insults from a bunch of you punks particularly when I did nothing to incur them. Now it is needless to say that a big portion was of the result of activities on the part of the Air Force. Now this I can prove. Now subsequently I went to work for Convair Electronics I went to work in the Gyro Lab guidance While I was no expert at or why the guidance I was able to pick up fast and was able to due to due duties assigned to me 12 particular turn tables and precision systems controlled mechanicism as a part of those particular units with out going into nausea. If they all become inoperational which means an engineer came in from the west coast and the subsequent.

- page 53 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, containing only text.

decision was the equipment should either have to be rebuilt or better

when emergency would have to be designed and a crash program to have new equipment delivered. The next tape I have tells you how I saved the government $3,000,000.00 on this one incident alone and what my reward was for it.

END OF TAPE I

- page 54 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with a stamp or stamp-like marking at the bottom.

KINGS LANDING, CALIF.
55

- page 55 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

TOP SECRET DECLASSIFIED 
THROUGH: AG-37, AFCIN-3C, SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects, Informant,
DATE: 21 APR 21 1955
HEADQUARTERS: 57th DISTRICT OF CIC (10), INTELLIGENCE DIVISION, APO 755, 21 APRIL 1955. 
TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Attention: ATIC-30, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO.

GEORGE J. JOHNSON, JR.
DISTRICT COMMANDER

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 56 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing handwritten text.

TEXT OUTPUT:

This is number two tape of two tapes being made by
and addressed to the Director of Intelligence, U.S. Air Force, Washington, D.C.

At the end of the previous tape I stated that I saved the government
about three million dollars while working R in the Guidance Law for Convair
Astronautics. I had mentioned some machines. For some two to three weeks
while this engineer was in from the West Coast, R the same night that
I was unable to get to work on these specific machines and exr every little
detail that could be dug up would get me shunned to exarcx one side so as
to speak I was thought of or arranged. Finally there was nothing else to be done
including sweeping the floor,and my leader couldn't very well refuse to take R

a crack inasmuch as he undoubtedly knew I couldn't find the trouble particularly
since a hkxx big genius engineer was there and he had already written it off as a
lost cause. Well having filled the capacity for a number of years to look at a system
and figure out the gyst and uh really ugh to uh keep uh oneself in a position uh
to see things in a fairly good perspective. In other words uh a man who is off on
a mountain or up in a plane can see the scenc pretty well. He is not engulfed
by the trees. So this is part of my philosophy in shooting trouble. Well having uh
uh familiarized myself with uh the particular machine uh I more than knew the guyat
of hxxx it and I might in less than two hours the trouble had been solved.

- page 57 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page of text from a document.

A NOTHER FELLOW asked if it was all right to help me and I said certainly I would be glad to have you. I need to have someone help me pass equipment,holdwires out of the way and what have you. Now the trouble here was simply a tube believes it or not and immediately upon installing another tube a proper tube the machine began to work once it was readjusted. As a matter of fact it worked to perfection.
The statement x was made 'You mean to tell me this could be wrong with all those mxxxx machines?' .If this is the symptoms of on those other machines then this is true. Well some of the machines were in various stages of being torn down and up but it so happen'd that this was the trouble. Now whether this was sabotage or I can't say this if it was,it was a very cleverly planned thing see. But since the military and the military don't believe in decent x x tube checkers and old-timers have found out through the years that four or five hundred dollars can be saved xx by simply using some relatively inexperienced man with a real good tube checker to check tubes. Here's a case when an expensive engineer would not have had to be flown in from the West Coast h with a special assistant, his own..
When I first went to work in this department as soon after that this man was long and he was criticizing the design of certain things I was working on if of course nobody had told me who the person was. He hadn't bothered to tell me himself so when he asked for a few little batas,I criticized.

- page 58 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows text from what looks like a scanned document or report.

the design of a few little things and he wanted to know how I would design it
so I like I say,after I opened my big mouth I found out who I have
been talking to. Well mind it for you the outcome of this whole thing was everyone
in this department was included in a letter of commendation which meant a pay raise
to them. My name was conspicuously absent. After I had embarrassed a big engineer, 
one of course the idea behind it was to do my job the very best I know how.
And certainly in the interest of the country. His sympathy in the interest of
the Air Force, now my reward for this was to be embarrassed in a number of ways.
A little things that happened to me was that other people in the department were getting
plenty of over time, I was given no overtime and not being an inexperienced
technician I, as a matter of fact all my adult years have been spent in the electronics
industry even when I was a first sergeant in the service. A number of times I was
on communication assignments or other types of things. and not uh here's a case
where I am not given overtime I find out that the people were going out to take 
coffee breaks at the time instead of going home and
simply going out for coffee breaks and going back on the shift. Some of these people
were making three or four hundred dollars and I might here that I saved the
government enough money to pay the whole damn department for a number of years. See 
this is my reward. Well when I moved over to Conair astronautics I had a special

- page 59 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

employee clock number over there like I had did at RCA. This is a rather strange thing, well I seem seen lots of clock numbers but I never heard of a man for as a matter of fact there one of the wheels commented "We cannot let you go, you have a clock number with four faces in it".see, when I was at RCA I had a clock number with 0110 and at Convair astronautics I can't recall without looking it up but I do remember it had four ones in it and those were the only numbers in my employee clock number. You might say I had a very special clock number. These things are reserved for people of importance, however, I certainly don't want to be important in the light that I assume myself to be. How I would like to add that the Convair x-showed me every courtesy and the people gave me a job. A very good friend of mine is employed by that company. They have been nice to him and I certainly do not bear toward any good/is Convair or Convair astronautics as a matter of i think they are a very fine bunch of people but many of these things are on a local level and there is little a man can do to fight back against it. Uh everybody knows I have petty politics working in and who be for the man who embarrasases to a position to hinder or help some body to get some somewhere. Anyway I was trying was have a job as a means of making a living and uh it uh it is a

- page 60 -

The provided image does not contain any photographic elements. It appears to be a scanned page of text from a document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects.

bit unfortunate for me sometimes that I can see so much but un under the
circumstances uh uh it may have been very fortunate for the part.
then this Gyro lab and guidance lab now there could have
been serious delay further details of the Atlas and I feel personally that this
may have been the case. I feel even personally that the uh uh this whole thing
may have been played as a prize piece of sabotage.
These things uh over a period of time can grind big projects to a
halt.
Now, when I worked for RCA some of the things that happened to me
when I was on Ascension, I received calls trying to get me to take uh test
leads and other things from the G Pan American Supply that have been turned
in uh which I refused uh. these people were quite insistant in wanting these
things thrown away. This was some old bait in getting a man to take some
salvaged government property and of course you are not going to catch an
older soldier on a gag like that. These are some of the gags and tricks xxx
that were tried on me and it seems like some xxxxxxx way or another or another in uh
times like this that there always been some little inner thought or something

- page 61 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

"that tells us what to do to side step these things.mxxinxsxa And try after try was made on my last trip to Ascension to engulf or meas me up in somethinq. Now it was only after quite a number of these things happened that I decided in my own best interest to get off that place. For example, a gun was stolen from an airplane. Now I know about this even though it was kept quiet at the time because after all you give the old soldier credit for being able to do a little checking around when he is being shall we say gouged so mercilessly. Now uh uh people on a rock that would go to the trouble of stealing a gun from a United States military aircraft wouldn't hesitate one minute to use it on people and I'm sure you will agree that this is true and of course uh a gun like that uh there is no telling who it will be used on.

But the place got to be so stinking rotten there. We had personnel on that base that/wouldn't have had in my back supply room unguarded for a single minute.

How in gxxxx the world people like this got through security and was hired by companies like RCA I will never know. Some of these people were technically cut and out psychopaths.

Now one statement was made, I believe this was somewhere around Dec or perhaps Jan, of Dec 1957 or Jan 1953 uh uh uh or somewhere along about that time uh."

- page 62 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. However, the image contains a page from what appears to be an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

when uh is member uf of the RCA uh people there uh came up to me and said something about uh say hey & you listen to the radio and I said no I don't listen to the radio, uh he says well uh he says uh he says that something I said, well uh I says, no uh why uh I don't even know Senator Morris. He says well he seems to be a friend of yours and I said what in the world are you talking about what uh what uh are you getting at. Well you mean you don't know Senator Morris. Well the only thing I know about Senator Morris is he is a very active Senator from the state of Washington. He's been known as a Maverick because he really digs into things and slaps back on them once in a while. I don't have anything against the man and on the other hand I don't know the him. Well he shrugged his shoulders and walked away. He said perhaps maybe you don't. Well this is some more fo this stuff well I thought this might be some more of this crap, see. What's the world this man digging driving at. It was 1952 before I ever knew what the story was behind it. Now his is a man who is presently manager of the Lexington Herald Hactor Company used to be the general manager of the Lexington Herald publishing company and I might add a very good republican and a friend of Mr Eisenhower's uh I went to him and told him some of my problem in a sighting of this UFO. I was born here in Fayettville,Kentucky and Mr Watts here is in Lexington, Kentucky, Fayettville, County, Kentucky. Mr Watts told me that he would permanently look into this thing as see what could be done about it. Something wasn't right about it and I called Mr Watts and he asked me to call him in a couple of weeks when he got back from a Washington trip and so I don't recall whether at that trip he saw somebody or whether it was a later trip but about uh along about the time we were talking now he told me well somebody is going to call you and you will be called in a couple of weeks.

- page 63 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or transcript discussing various topics related to unidentified flying objects and the U.S. Air Force.

TEXT CONTENT:

DEPARTMENT-GOVETRIHIM 
press picx:-.rely surprised and I'd just rather not say who is going to call
you, let them tell you at the time* and I dad didn't know who he was talking
About I assumed mayor be was talking about the uh secretary the undersecretary
of the Air Force or perhaps somebody from Charlie Wilson's office uh something
like this. I didn't know that he had talked to Mr Wayne Morris, I understand they used to be on pretty good terms and I understand that he also was unable
to get anything on the report that I gave him and of course no newspaper man knows 
that when you get no comment at all theres really something to dig into
their nose over the .years has told them this. Now apparently uh maybe senator
Wayne Morris would eventually get around to taking a little dig into this and
perhaps this is where that says bunch of remarks for Ascension came from.
In any case I'd say that that man had been in the Air Force, may have still been in the Air Force for all I know but on the XXXXX surface
he was an employee from RCA. Now I brought up a few little cases here just to 
give you an idea. There is so many of them that I would suppose it would take 
many tapes to include them all and I feel this way uh about it uh you people
put the"Indian sign on me along time a go you have smeared at me every way in the
book you uh have you might say cost me my employment uh you've dug back and

- page 64 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

and tried to find out if you can find anything in my past history with
which you really smear me about the most you could find is that when I was
discharged from the service that on my records and I have them, it says
one thing and on the military records it says that I was discharged for malaria
Psychopalhiostlietic. But since when has any man ever been judged of havirg
any mental disorder without having gone before a ygaychiatr c board a or been
in a pgyehiatric ward for observation. I can assure you there is not one damn
thing to it. If anyone cares to go through the records they will find absolutely no clinical record, in any way. The only thing I know is
there was a Jewish Major and from what I can find out probably a Communist, 
and further checking if I find out he is a Communist I may will hound him to
the day he hits the grave. There's an argument that developed between him and
I and MI just told him what was what. As a matter of fact I told him about
a big fat bellied, doctor getting up and telling me that is
what.

- page 65 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of typed text from an old document.

Text from the document:

When XXXX I've been in the service through the war and he sk get back back here stateside.So apparently this is where some of the hatchet work was done.

But it has been my experience in life back every time a man XXXX tries to stand up for what's right and uh tries to stand up for uh his own rights. 

There's always somebody who wants to beat him XXXX down. But uh it's been my findings that damn few and far between are the men or the agency of the government body or anyone else has got the courage or the guts to stand up to a man's face and tell him the truth. All try with the XXXX strokes of the pen, indelibly or something XXXXX underhanded way or hidden XXXX back of some office or behind XXXXX military forces some where you would think with the stroke of a pen that this shows great bravery. It shows nothing but cowardness nothing more or less. Now, uhm, there was one other uh instance uh I wanted to get on here. Now as I XXXX have said previously I have been smeared by the experts and when an amateur tried it tries it, it's makes a particularly makes me angry. One instance that I can think of presently is a fast buck artist and a big republican who supposedly owns a village in Venezuela perhaps where he is a maybe a neighbor of Rockefeller and.

- page 66 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

ARC NO.: 34-33
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects
TO: Director, Special Investigations
AFOSI, Washington 25, D.C.

DETAILS:
Capt. xxxxxxxx, xxxxxxxxxx California, observed an instance of a flying object.
DETAILS: Capt. xxxxxxxx, xxxxxxxxxx, California, reported that on 7 February 1955, while it was approximately 1830 hours, he observed a luminous object hovering over the runway at Mather AFB at an altitude of approximately 2500 feet. The object remained stationary for about 5 minutes and then disappeared. Capt. xxxxxxxx stated that the object was oval in shape, emitting a fluorescent glow, and that it was not an aircraft or known type of meteorological balloon. No sound was heard. The Air Force special investigations regional office in San Francisco, California, has been advised and investigation will be instituted.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 67 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a blank page from an old document.

and uh Nixon's th Villa's down there.

- page 68 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of text from a UFO report document.

Nixon villa's down there. Don't know about that. But this fast bulk artist was operating in California and it so happened that in a his trying to pull a fast ? on a TV station that uh because of uh my position in the television field at the time I stood in his way. He needed me. And he needed my support to raise some loot. And he didn't get it. So I might add that he went to great lengths to try to smear and certainly helped in my financial downfall. Uh, this man limped away from that community minus two or three hundred thousand dollars and I suspect as time goes on that the uh treasury people uh will leave him hurting a lot more. Of course he made the remark one time that he kept that place down there in case he got to make a big haul he would have a place to go until ? limitations ran out. Another over the wire to speak.

This is a short tape and it appears that I will have to start recording on a third tape in order to get a little more pertinent information on this topic of general discussion.

- page 69 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a blank page with a stamp or seal in the bottom right corner.

EPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT 
PROJECT 'BLUE BOOK'
REPORT NO. 6967694
DATE OF SIGHTING: 27 DECEMBER 1947
LOCATION: KINGS LANDING, CALIFORNIA 
WEATHER: SKY OVERCAST, NO WIND, TEMPERATURE APPROXIMATELY 45 DEGREES F.
TIME OF OBSERVATION: 7:30 PM
OBJECT: ROUND, BRIGHT LIGHT, APPROXIMATELY 30 FEET IN DIAMETER, OBSERVED FOR APPROX. 10 MINUTES.
WITNESSES: ONE, MR. WILLIAM JONES.
CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA TO DETERMINE NATURE OF OBJECT.

- page 70 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text only.

TEXT OUTPUT:

This is number three tape of three tapes being made by addressed to the Director of Intelligence, United States Air Force, Washington, D.C. This is number three of a series of tapes.

The large military organizations, uhm, are zzzing like large corporations. They get into a position where they can control all of the surroundings about them including opposition and competition. And there in errors become part of the general overhead of the system. The inefficiency along with it. And in our particular case the American taxpayer the American citizen is the fall guy. He is the man that makes up the federal deficit.

The way of adding a little commentary on the Air Force people have shown yourself to be as un a hhh bit unreliable to say the least. But the modern A r Force officers has a position that makes himself to be much uj-to-be-much-uh as the knights of old instead of riding a great fast white horse he is rr is uh riding a h horse in the sky, an airplane. Now these particular these individuals fancy themselves as the great crusaders cut to space. When in reality they are but an instrument of lobbyism, uh a great aircraft corporation, to say your brother you take care of uzr or you won't have anything to fly. You'll be out looking for a job.

- page 71 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Well, uhunk. In this great land of ours there is plenty for everybody. 
Everyman, someway will find something to eat. And if he can't do any better he can go about developing the spiritual integrity of his soul and really acquire something in a lifetime. I'm not comparing myself to any great general or anything like that; but people who have never tasted defeat, have never been beat down to rise again to beat down again to rise again can never understand the wisdom that is gained from battle, whether it be physical or mental.
In my 40 years I have had enough experiences and some of them are quite hair raising. I suppose there is a good story in everyman's life but I assure you there are a number of good stories in mine.
Getting back to this uh particular Army thing that I was speaking about a few minutes ago, I remember when we first came back from overseas. We had malaria and malaria is one of the damnest things a man can ever be plagued with and I shall suffer some of the effects of malaria for the rest of my days.

- page 72 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Needless to say, damage to the liver, spleen and other organs of the body. 
Our own medical people knew nothing, they were very ignorant about malaria 
one man's food is another man's poison and one man's poison is another man's 
food. So the medical people, so everyone fits into the system. You take, 
if they say take medicine A you take medicine A no matter if your system and 
mentally demands medicine B. So in the past I have become an expert on malaria 
and I think I know a hell lot of more about it than most doctors. And where 
did I get my information? From a collection of books uh, from a great an
uncle of mine who was very skilled and well known surgeon who was on the staff
doctor at Mayo Clinic, The particular book was written by the British surgeon
general in India. Some 50 to 60 years prior to 1953 when I was first severely
affected by malaria, and I remember a group of Overseas uh uh veteran's ah uh
veteran's all NCO's and officers uh we uh were uh uh went up to a certain
yard in the hospital, ward 26 xxx because I member this. A Capt Goodenough,
Good enouu, was a German who managed to beat it out of xxxxxxx Hitler's
army somehow came over here and uh uh was put into uh our own medical facilities 
stateside. This Dr Goodenogg uh went over uh like a ton of uh manure.
with American troops who had been overseas fighting. I can assure you that 
to anybody who is sick that it is some kind of mental thing.

- page 73 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten and typewritten text.

Here is the text output from the document:

Well now if we want to get argumentive or real technical we want to go into pure
metaphysics all things of the corporeal senses have a mental origin.
Enough said there.

I am a bit convinced today that the incident out in Northern California
of sighting a UFO or uh I would uh sometimes appreciate uh the fact that
I had never witnessed this incident. But sometimes we have little to do 
with controlling the events of our lives. Perhaps I was there to be a witness
in the same way as ___ four hours before saw the Prancisco Earth Quake
of 1906 when as a____ message was received with no origin. No correct filling
system none the less stating that supplies and so forth is to be delivered to 
San Francisco. I believe this particular program is coming up on the Alcom hour
uh next week, or on this event of physic phenomena. In 1957 while I was waiting
90 days prior to a reexamination/exam the Fan American uh medical director Mr
uh Dr ___ __'s office . I rented a room from Mrs ______.

- page 74 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of text from what seems to be a Project Blue Book document.

On Riverside Drive in Cocoa, Florida. I don't recall the exact address it is down here in some of my books somewhere Anyway the house was directly in front of uh the hotel uh there, the one down on the river the main one in Cocoa. 
The name of that hotel is the Bobard. My home was directly in front of this.
Mrs --------- was the wife of a sergeant in the United States Air Force.
Mr ------, I believe his name was -------, was in IX overseas. I happened to meet him at a later date. While there some people moved into the home uh a man and woman I believe their name was ------ They had two children, two small boys, . Here again are these hunches. Something didn't look right here
Those children's faces looked vaguely familiar. Somehow they did not fit together as parent and children. Well I started spinning little wheels in my brain and thought thinking pretty soon I would get a clue and these children uh they uh belong to the executed spys uh communist spys Julius and Ethel Rosenberg.
I could remember Well from fitting everything/something from newspaper accounts and what have you everything started jabbing. I told Mrs ------ that I suspected that this was the sister of Ethel Rosenberg and her uh end the brother-in-law of Ethel who had adopted these children. A number of things checked uh for example

- page 75 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

I remember reading a particular newspaper account which this woman had bid a child somewhere up in the New England area somewhere and there was litigated up in progress in connection with it and uh it so happened that this woman had hid a child and there well in any x case I went the RCA security gate at Patrick AFB and reported this incident. And he told me that this was a bit outside of his jurisdiction and that this uh kind of uh thing would have to be handled by the FBI and uh I would come back in about four days uh he would tell me something. Well uh I went back in about four days and I got absolutely nothing. Uh I went back at least once or twice more. And I got absolutely no information. Well uh it is safe to assume that this type of thing that when you don't get a negative or nothing is said it is a positive. In other words I believe that it was positive identification that I had the right people pegged. uh as a matter of fact after this I did a little investigation on my own. Now, I asked the RCA security chief what I should do. Shall I move? Uh no particular reason for you doing anything. Stay where you are at. At the particular time x I was slated to go back down range a missile range but uh to Magurana and so uh several days after this I left for Magurana again. I uh absolutely got no where. I have discussed this with the FBI.

- page 76 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

the ub resident agent here is uh in Lexington  and uh I have never gotten anywhere
on this thing so I am can safely assume that it was the brother-in-law and
uh sister of Ethel Rosenburg and the two children. Uh moving into the home of
an X-4te Air Force master sergeants wife and a defense worker uh at Patrick AFB

This is a nice situation. The people may have been alright but then on the 
other hand they may have been directed to 
gave there on the pressure of something to sort of contaminate me
a little bit so the security forces would be looking down my shirt.
Or if I haven't got enough trouble here is some more . I never saw these people
before in my life and I'll probably never see them again. These are the kind
of events that keep popping up. I saw things down in Trinidad didn't look good
to me at all personally I think the hotel stopover point down there was 
nothing but a collection of uninformation collection point. Personally I don't think
much of your security on the range. But since Mr Eisenhower's brothers
son has a wheel in Pan American I see the connection. I mentioned inthe first
tape that a after I came back here to Lexington Kentucky and opened up this little
television hx shop that troubles didn't cease. Well, one day I called up the resident
FBI agent the man in charge of the Lexington office xxxx which is from the Louisville

- page 77 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED

Report Intelligence Agency - ATIC Project Blue Book, information dated 23 March 1955, report subject: Sighting of Unidentified Flying Object, Kings Landing, California, 22 February 1955.

The report describes a sighting of an unidentified flying object on February 22, 1955 in Kings Landing, California. It provides details about the object's movements, size, shape, and observations made by the witness(es). The report mentions that the object was under visual surveillance for approximately 3 minutes and that it exhibited unusual flight characteristics.

The report is signed by ARTHUR C. CAMERON, District Commander.

The text is marked as "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top and bottom of the page.

- page 78 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a typed document page from Project Blue Book, an investigation of UFO reports by the United States Air Force. The text on the page appears to be a first-hand account or report of some kind of incident or contact, but does not mention or describe any visual evidence such as photographs or sightings.

Office office maintained in the Federal building here in Lexington, a Mr Douglas Rotary. And I uh was uh reporting on the incident that I felt uh should be reported on uh it was nothing urgent and since I had not done it I decided I would ka call on Mr Rotory and havemementioned this little incident to the FBI which uh concerning something uh with Cape Canaveral and the missile range, etc. and uh in the conversation I mentioned up to the point of uh the phone uh ? conversation to pieces.
Simply by uh someone beating on the book or another telephone. Well inasmuch as/uh someone else is uh something that could have been said out on the open street uh without uh any harm being done in anyway. uh I uh just backed up and kept talking until I had it said. uh These people worked this conversation over real good. Doing a lot of work on this I've got a clue as to where this could have come from. Now I have been annoyed here in the business. I have had the phone XX cracked and popped in my ear. I have had voltage sent down my lines, uh fuses burnt out on the phone I have had dirty low down messages left X on my electronic secretary uh I have suffered a fantastic amount of misanse and even some threats over the telephone. Now, in addition to that, after I came back up here I was

- page 79 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, which seems to be part of a report about a UFO incident.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have produced the following text from the document:

it uh seems like there was more people grating wm adarfirxaxnhhdua around to have
For awhile I couldn't even go out to the tavern/ (a peer without
and from what was going on I couldn't tell whether some of our own security
forces were giving me a good shadow job. Whether they were communist agents
or whether it was a combination of the two. I am inclined to think at this
time that it was some forces from both sides. Now uh this particularly annoying
since I don't feel that I am important enough to rate this kind of thing. There's
uh was definitely was one/ / bait trap/ here uh I did not take the bait.
XXXXX uh this uh situation was reported to the FBI and of course uh as is typical
of dealing with security people they tell one very little, and are very little
comfort to someone. However, sometimes a person has no other place to turn.
I have been followed at times by cars, not recently, uh I have even uh
uh been uh more or less uh scientifically frisked to see if I was carrying a gun.
This this uh this there are so many things that happened. and I can't uh cannot
XXXXX separate them from things that ex were building up while I was working for
RCA. There was one particular person here that uh managed one New Year's eve to try to engage
XXXXX me into a conversation I played them along and then the uh conversation got
a xhixxxmxxax bit philosophical and it got around to a certain point and apparently
there was a key in my personal philosophy XXXXX that they wanted to know about.

- page 80 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document page from a Project Blue Book report.

I still do not know who's agent this x man was. However, thinking back a long long time I can remember this particular person. In 1944 circulating at Port Herd, California in that particular area. Incidentally, on there was a lot of activity out there. Commercial says it all over the place. 

I believe up to this point I have given a pretty good idea about what has happened, the happenings events, and I would like to use the remainder the remainder of the portion of this tape to add a little of my personal philosophy a little of that data about myself and give the line that I will follow from here on in connection with the smearing tactics up and shenanigans. First of all it seems that more than due times people have been interested in my personal philosophy. 

Let me say that my people have been in this country since before the revolutionary war. A matter of fact the early came to Kentucky to take up a land grant as payment for services inthe revolutionary war. I hate communism with a passion. As a matter of fact very recently I completed the book by J Edgar Hoover 1958 edition, the title which is Masters of Deceit. The book is very good and certainly gives a lot of pointers to someone up in evaluating things some of the things that have happened in their life. I rest assured that no communist has approached me openly.

- page 81 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document.

OCR output:

On one occasion in a liquor dispensary one man approached me and told me he was a communist and his name was reported to the local FBI. Now, let me say first of all is that I've already said that I hate communism with a passion. These people have one motive in dealing with us and that is to subject us as if not by direct contact by subversion.

I am a free thinker, I permit no one to use meddle my thoughts. So communism doesn't permit anything such as this. I am a Christian, I adhere to no particular church. I attend occasionally some Protestant Church. Sometimes its a Christian Science Church, sometimes its a Christian Church, when I have attended.

Baptists Churches as long as it a Protestant Church. I even studied metaphysics from Christian scientists a great deal because I like to understand the science of religion. I think that in this day and age man needs to know a great deal more about himself and his origin, the origin of his beliefs and to me you show me the philosophy of the individual and I'll show you the key to the man.

I think that an excellent security check on people or to be engaged them in a conversation for a couple of a hours and I think that in 50% doing gets the key the.

- page 82 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely part of Project Blue Book, which contains handwritten text.

Personal of their/philosophy and here's the key to the individual - Now, getting back to this space business, and the and the seemingly start of some of these things uh and one correction here uh I said in maceric in 1953 previously for listening excexpcxxx back over this particular tape it was 1943 I'll correct that date.

Speaking of this space situation some of the religious leaders, particularly the Catholics, uh positively do not want to concede the fact that people exist on other planets and other planes until they are forced to do so! A pope will have to come up with some new answers. Now Catholicism or any ism or religion should have no place in considering the military aspects of trips into outer space or space craft of various types coming here to reckon order the ex earth. And I think that these sky jockeys besides all the other training they need they need training in the metaphysical field and even beyond.

So that the situations/s sksk they might find themselves they will have the mentality the personal philosophy the understanding of man's true nature, his reason for being here, and this would sustain these people in moments of confusion and xxx fear.

It is something to have a man's wool philosophy of life, the very thing which upon which he has built his entire life shaken out from under him.

- page 83 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing various topics related to the American people and their ability to deal with security issues and information.

Put again I say time has grown short.
And these considerations must enter into any evaluation. The American people have a right to be posted so that they will not be scared to death. An Army security man once remarked to me in the early phases of this thing "What was I trying to do, scare the American people to death." Well I wonder what Sputnik I did and all these other things. The American people are intelligent and they can take what comes, what has to be handed out to them straight cold.
I hope that somehow or another that some of this difficulty can be resolved. And that my ability to make a living to be a good American is no longer interfered with, in any way if this does not happen. With much more information than what is on these tapes will be kicked into the political arena. And well let it come out where ever it will.
I thank you for your time in listening. I hope that you will see fit to send someone to talk to me. I thank you. Voluntary licensing program in/Kentucky.

- page 84 -

The image appears to be a blank page, as it does not contain any visible photographs or text.

TRANSCRIPT:

There is no text present in the image. The image appears to be a blank page from a Project Blue Book report document.

- page 85 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter or document.

Text from the document:

Mr. John Weitz
24-A Remington Rd.
Washington, D.C.

Dear Congressman Weitz,

On July 24, 1955, a civilian aircraft reported that it had seen an unidentified flying object near Kings Landing, California. It appears that you were informed that I have given some detailed information regarding this sighting to the Air Force.

However, in this correspondence, I shall refer only to the similarity of X" to similar reports that you have certainly received. On July 24, 1955, near Knights Landing, California, a private aircraft "X" was being flown at about 5000 feet when the pilot and two passengers observed a strange aircraft "X" which approached rather rapidly and then took a position off the starboard wing of the private aircraft at a distance of about 3000 feet. The pilot estimated the speed of the strange aircraft "X" to be between 500-800 mph. The strange aircraft appeared to be disc-shaped and about 30 to 40 feet in diameter. After observing the strange aircraft "X" for several minutes, it suddenly accelerated and disappeared from sight. The pilot and two passengers were extremely concerned about this incident and felt that they had encountered a genuine unidentified flying object.

I have forwarded all the details of this sighting to the Air Force and understand that they are thoroughly investigating this matter. I shall be pleased to provide you with any additional information that may be available.

Sincerely yours,

- page 86 -

