The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a document from a historical U.S. Air Force project that investigated UFO sightings.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. DATE: 8 OCT 55
2. LOCATION: Loogootee, Indiana
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2330Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Unknown
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTS: Appeared round and solid, silver or white in color, speed of over 1000 mph. No sound.

9. CONCLUSIONS: Daylight sighting, difficult to establish. Insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 1 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a typed report from the U.S. Naval Ammunition Depot in Crane, Indiana, regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

U.S. NAVAL AMMUNITION DEPOT
Crane, Indiana

ORIGINAL

From: Commanding Officer, U.S. Naval Ammunition Depot, Crane, Indiana
To: Director of Intelligence, Headquarters, USAF, Washington 25, D.C.
Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
ATTN: ATIAA-2C
Commander, Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, Colorado Springs,
Colorado
Commander, Eastern Air Defense Force, Stewart AFB, Newburgh,
N.Y.

Subj: Unidentified flying objects; report on

Ref: (a) 2ND INSTRUCTION 3820.1 of 28 July 1954
(b) HEADQUARTERS INSTRUCTION 3820.2 of 26 July 1954

Encl: (1) Copy of Mr. Report dtd 10 Oct 1955

1. Enclosure (1) is a report on the sighting of an unidentified flying
object contained in the report of Mr. (U.S. Navy Quartermaster),
and Mr. while installing a television antenna on 8 October 1955.
It is forwarded in accordance with references (a) and (b).

2. In addition to Mr. report, the following supplemental informa-
tion has contained in his report:

a. Mailing Address - Loogootee, Indiana

b. Age - 27

c. Maneuver Pattern - unaltering straight and level flight

d. Composition - solid

e. Size - approximately that of a medium to large transport or bomber

f. Temperature - maximum 60, minimum 42

g. Humidity - 44%

h. Barometer - 29.56

i. Wind - SW 2 miles per hour

j. Air Traffic - there was no known air traffic in the air at the time
of sighting.

k. There was no known activity or condition, meteorological or otherwise,
which might account for the sighting.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AB (B) - OHP: vma 
Set 1521
12 October 1955

Subj: Unidentified flying objects; report on 

3. During a telephone conversation Mr. volunteered that in a dis-
cussion relating to the evening at his lodge he observed another man, six miles east of
him at the time of viewing, observed a comparable object at approximately
the same time.

4. The observer is a reliable Depot employee, and it is believed that his
report is a true statement of his observation.

R. C. TURNER, JR.
Acting

Copy to:
Director of Naval Intelligence, Wash., D. C. 
Commander, EASTSEAFRON, 90 Church St., N. Y., N. Y.
Commander, Naval Air Bases, 9ND, Great Lakes, Ill.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

Enclosure (1)

COPY

10 October 1955

From: Executive Officer, Supply Department
To: Executive Officer, U. S. Naval Ammunition Depot, Crane, Ind.

Subj: Unidentified flying object report of 

1. At approximately 1638 on the afternoon of 3 October 1955, from a point of observation approximately one mile north of Loogootee, Indiana, I observed an unidentified flying object, apparently round in design, and silver in color, passing eastward.

2. This object was traveling in an east-south-easterly direction at an estimated speed of 7000 miles per hour. It left no visible trail and made no sound. This object which left no visible trail crossed the sky in approximately 4-5 seconds.

3. The day was extremely clear, the sun shining brightly, the sky 100% cloudless, visibility and ceiling unlimited. There was no surface wind.

4. I have observed, during my time in service, both piston engine and jet aircraft under normal and combat conditions. This object was definitely not an airplane of any type that I have ever seen.

- page 4 -

