The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a Project Blue Book record card that describes an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: Aug 55
2. LOCATION: Platte County, Missouri
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Less than 1 hour after dark 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: C Ground-Radar, C Air-Visual, G Ground-Radar
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Over 2 hours
10. SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Strange light moving up and down like rotary, went forward and back, a seemed stationary at times and then would move with tremendous bursts of speed. Strange light came on and off at bottom. Fluorescent blue color, had lights on sides which appeared to be windows giving off. Rattling or humming noise could be felt more than heard.
11. CONCLUSIONS: Overexcited imagination, probably Venus sighted Jupiter and Mars below the horizon one hour after sunset through hazy atmosphere. Carried as Unidentifiable report.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document. There is no photograph present on this page, only handwritten text describing a UFO sighting.

The text reads:
"This object was sighted Aug #3'55 - About 11-15 pm. It was seen for about 15 min. like a factory type object, moved very slow & at a great speed at times. It would hardly seem to move then all of a sudden it would move very fast. The light on it would shine and seem to flicker on and off & could be turned off for a minute or so at a time. It seemed to be wheeling or doing barrel rolls at a great speed. The light on it seemed to illuminate the sky and ground at different times."

The text goes on to describe the appearance of the UFO and how it moved, including that it seemed to "turn off" the light for periods of time. The last part mentions that this incident occurred in Platte County, Missouri.

- page 2 -

The image appears to show a black redacted section covering the majority of the frame, with some handwritten text below it. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image.

Transcribed text from the document:

Chris kind of curious
I do not know who it saw but if was very strange
bedside

- page 3 -

