The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which documents a reported UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 18 June 1956
2. LOCATION: Bandera, Texas
3. LATITUDE & LONGITUDE: 29.45 CST
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 min
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 7
9. COURSE: NE to SW
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Objects described as ball of fire at first believed to be meteors but as they seemed to go into formation, this idea was discounted. They disappeared behind a hill and soon seemed to be doing stunts at speeds of 2000-3000 mph. Last very high.
11. COMMENTS: Various Search lights

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm 
d. Hot
e. Don't remember
35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
__ __ Day __ __ Month __ __ Year
16. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: [REDACTED]
37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[REDACTED]
38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[REDACTED]

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire.

Content of the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2,000 to 3,000 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5,000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS Street, City, Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job? Ranchers & Go
Age 33 Sex Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College University of Texas
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 Day 6 Month 1956 Year

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, with a form for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may record statements, descriptions, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED] 
DATE: 20 JUNE 1956

The text in the form describes information and instructions for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects. It does not contain any other text beyond what is visually present in the image.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that is heavily redacted, with most of the text blacked out.

USAPTIS
Page 2
UNCLASSIFIED
T-56-15952B

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Producing the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
DDI, 23D AIR DIV (DEF), TINKER AFB, OKLA, 25 JUN 56, SUBJ: ATSCP
AISCP
HQ 4602D AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON (ADC), ENT AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO
TO: COMMANDER, AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER, ATTN: AFOIN-H2, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, DAYTON, OHIO

1. Forwarded for your information and action deemed necessary.

2. A check with ADC Weather revealed the following information concerning cloud cover and visibility in the area of the sighting at the time of the sighting:
a. Scattered clouds (less than 5/10 coverage) at 3,000 feet.
b. Scattered clouds (less than 5/10 coverage) at 10,000 feet. 
c. Broken clouds (more than 5/10 coverage) at 30,000 feet.
d. Cumulus cloud build up to the east.
e. Fifteen mile visibility.

3. In the opinion of this headquarters that this sighting was possibly caused by searchlights in the San Antonio, Texas area (thirty-five miles southeast of Bandera, Texas). Note that the object appeared to be low and southeast of the observers. The colors, speeds and revolving motion would substantiate this hypothesis.

4. No further action is contemplated by this organization.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
RAY P. JONES
Major, USAF
Adjutant

UNCLASSIFIED
4602D AISS Classified
Part Noo. 1595-2

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

HEADQUARTERS
330TH AIR DIVISION (DEFENSE)
TINKER AIR FORCE BASE, OKLAHOMA

DOI 25 JUN 1956
SUBJECT: UFOB Report

TO: Commander
Headquarters Air Defense Command
Ent Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado 

1. The attached report received today by Headquarters 330th Air Division from the 741st AC&W Squadron, Lackland AFB, Texas, is forwarded for normal processing.

2. Commander, 741st AC&W Squadron, has been advised of non-concurrence with ICADF Interim Change #1 to CONADM 55-1, dated 15 February 1956.

3. If required, subject report will be re-submitted in accordance with current directives.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

F. G. RILEY
Captain, USAF
Adjutant

UNCLASSIFIED
Document Log # 56 06 41

T-38-08259-56
330 08 29-56

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet. I will now perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the document and provide the text output:

UNCLASSIFIED
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. However, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
13        DAY MONTH    YEAR
1956

2. Time of day:
1:26  HOUR MINUTES
A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country 

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.
HOURS MINUTES SECONDS

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Hazy daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. Night, no moon f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Overhead f. Don't remember

UNCLASSIFIED
T-56-7595

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, consisting of a questionnaire or form with various questions about the sighting of a UFO or unidentified object.

UNCLASSIFIED
8. IF you saw the subject at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight — pitch dark d. Don't remember
9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember
10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?: (Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other
11. Did the object: a. Appear to stand still at any time? b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? c. Drift in an irregular path or zig-zag? d. Give off sparks? e. Change brightness? f. Change shape? g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
12. Did the object appear to be doing something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved (or did)
13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of
14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't know.
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?: a. Eyeglasses b. Sun glasses c. Windshield d. Window glass e. Telescope f. Binoculars g. Microscope h. Other

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a hand-drawn sketch or diagram. The sketch shows an arrow and an elongated object.

Text extracted from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound
b. Color De to pink or whitish
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle (one): or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its largest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.): Certain, Fairly certain, Uncertain.
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. How would what you saw compare with an object suspended in the sky which you could identify? What type of material would you guess it was made of? How large would it be, and what shape would it have?

UNCLASSIFIED T-56-159524

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will output the text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Was just when looking out of window saw this object, then another, until no more could be seen.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving?
About 30 per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 70 degrees.
b. From horizon 10 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared: 
a. From true North 30 degrees.
b. From horizon 10 degrees.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 12 -

The image contains two sketches, but no photographs. The first sketch shows a curved line with an "A" and "B" marked on it, along with a curved object above the horizon line. The second sketch shows a larger landscape scene with a person standing on a road, as well as a smaller inset sketch of a landscape.

UNCLASSIFIED T-56-15952a

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 13 -

