The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 7 April 1956
2. LOCATION: NY - sighting between Schenectady and Oswego, NY
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: GMT 09/03152
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D Ground-Radar 
   E Other
5. DURATION: forty-five minutes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: one
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: The object, shape unknown but estimated on the ground, is viewed from 6000 feet. Object appeared to fly parallel to the aircraft and disappear over Lake Ontario.
11. COMMENTS: This sighting was generated by the planet Venus, setting in the West.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Natural Phenomena, Was Planet, Possibly Balloon, Was Aircraft, Possibly Aircraft, Was Astronomical, Possibly Astronomical, Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation Unknown.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a typed report or document. I will proceed to extract the text from the document:

With reference to the location, there is definitely an inner core and several other objects that were not seen on my first pass, which was too narrow. As a result, I would say there were approximately 15 to 20 objects, and probably two or three times that may have been present. They were extremely bright and metallic in appearance, much brighter than 500 watts. They seemed to stop suddenly and then make a series of sharp angular turns, much more sharply than any manmade object. They hovered rather than flew in a straight line, and their motions were erratic compared to any airplane or conventional aircraft. In some cases, they appeared to be elongated or circular in shape, and in others they seemed to change shape in a manner which suggests they were not solid, physical objects. The color was a brilliant luminescent white, so bright at one point that it was almost painful to look at. This phenomenon was observed for about 10 to 15 minutes. I have been in the Air Force for some time and have never seen anything remotely similar to this before.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a transcript of an interview or conversation related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

TRANSCRIPT

Miller: Seated next to Mildred (Mrs. Miller) is Mr. Bruce Foster of the Bell Aircraft. Next to Mr. Foster is First Officer Neff of American Airlines. Now you fellows tell us the real experience. What date was this?
This was a week ago last night, on April 8th.
Miller: Was that a regular flight of American Airlines?
Yes it was.
Miller: From Buffalo to New York?
This flight comes out of New York and lands at Albany, Syracuse, Rochester, and terminates in Buffalo.
Miller: What was your first idea that anything was happening--that you were seeing something?
Neff: This very brilliant white light--like an approaching aircraft with its blinding lights on suddenly seems to move away from it, thinking that's what it was. Then we noticed it was standing still at the same time we got curious.
Miller: Just about what location was this?
This was just about over Schenectady. We were coming out of Albany. We took off north and we noticed this light over Schenectady. It seemed to be standing still.
Miller: A light? Now when you say a light, do you mean a light like a light bulb?
Oh yes, very fluorescent--a very bright light...
Mrs. Miller: A big what?
A large light. It looked more like a light coming into Albany airport.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a transcript of a conversation or interview regarding a UFO sighting.

WBEN-TV......2
Mrs. Miller: And both of you saw it? At the same time?
Miller: How close were you to it do you think?
We turned a little bit to pass to the south of it, and we were probably 2 to 3 miles from it.
And the thing was just astanding there?
Just about standing; it was off our wing-tip.
Was there anyone else on the flight with you?
Oh, we had Miss Reynolds, our stewardess was with us.
Did she happen to notice it too?
She came up. We called her and she came up and looked at it later on after this had taken off at this terrific speed...
How long was it stationary there?
We couldn't say that it was actually stationary...
(several talking at once)
... from the time we were off the ground at Albany, until we were about 15 miles by air Schenectady and it was off on our wing-tip, and we watched it, just go through a ninety degree change in position, so strange to our eyes that it took to go through a ninety degree change in position.
Miller: Bruce?
Foster: How fast would you say it appeared to be going? Did it speed very rapidly during the time that you saw it?
The initial speed I would say probably was 800 to 1000 miles an hour. How fast can it... it's hard to say, just to compare the speed.
Neff: Certainly much faster than another airplane would.
Mrs. Miller: Faster than a jet?
Neff: Couldn't be a jet, not at that altitude because their speed is so critical...
Miller: Bruce... (garbled)...?

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains handwritten and typed text.

WHEN-TV..........3
Foster: Well, I doubt if it could....did it appear to change color at all?
Yes it did. It changed color after it got to the west of us, probably to a lighter color, and the light went out. And we knew there was something up there, and now here we are with a load of passengers with something on our course up ahead, and what are we going to do; so we watched this where the light went out and this change color came on-
Miller: Did you think back at it?
No we didn't...
Miller: Just what did you do Captain?
We looked at one another a little bit amazed, so we decided we'd call Griffin Air Force base, and I thought they had the radar on. Course on a Saturday night I guess not very many people are calling at an air force base. And they didn't seem to be much interested.
Foster: Do they not usually have those on?
I assumed they did; I thought they did...
Miller: Maybe we'd better not get into that discussion...
Oh probably not. We'd get a little bit off the track on that.
Neff: They asked us to keep it sighted and we did, and we keep calling our radio station, and as we could see them where we were and they could see us, and we turn them off and they could see us, and they asked if this object you see....
Miller: This is after it turned on I understand.
Yes. They said we have a definite silhouette in sight south of the field. Now those fellows are in the tower. They said that they could see a silhouette.
Miller: How would they be looking with the eye?
I imagine so, yes.
Miller: What kind of a silhouette did they see, a silhouette of light?
Well, usually on a radar screen they're referred to as a large or a blip. On a radar screen, a silhouette usually refers to something that you see, like a silhouette of...something black.
Neff:

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a transcript of a conversation or interview regarding a UFO sighting.

WEEN-TV...............4

Foster: But this was on a screen?
Neff: Well actually we don't know if the silhouette they referred to was a regular silhouette or a visual. But Watertown could see it and they're quite a ways north of Griffiss, and Albany saw it and they're quite a ways to the east somewhere on Lake Ontario and it asked them man and they all saw it and noticed....and they looked over to the west and saw it right away.

Mrs. Miller: And when they saw it was it moving?
Neff: Well we didn't get to talk with them...
Mrs. Miller: But to you it was moving?
Neff: Oh yes.
Mrs. Miller: Real fast?
****: It stayed just that far ahead of us and they asked us what our point of next intended landing was, and we told them Syracuse and they wanted to be identified.
****: Sure that would, but we can abandon that plan now, and take up the course and your altitude; we cripple "scramble" is jets that they send up to, I suppose to go up and intercept these unidentified objects. 

Miller: Is that...do you know about those Bruce?
Foster: Well there's one of these bases right up next to the Bell plant here, and we see these fellows taking off most any time of the day or night up there on various training missions.
Miller: In other words they're alerted at all times?
Foster: Yes they are. They usually have a couple of planes alerted or on near take off the runway. On every report any indication of any unidentified object, they scramble in up to some interception point. 
Miller: You say in a very short time. How long would it take them to get airborne?
Foster: Well probably in about five minutes. I don't know just exactly how quick they can do it.
Mrs. Miller: When you said * * * (garbled) was it low, or was it low for a jet?
Neff: Well it was low and it was also low for a jet. There happened

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed transcript or transcript excerpt of a conversation related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

WBEN-TV...................5
(Neff, continued): to be an overcast that evening which eliminated the possibility of the stars being out, and several times the ball was three or four times the amount of fuel at low altitude than it does at high altitude. I didn't think a jet could stay down that long without using up a considerable amount of gas.

Miller: I didn't know that about jets. You knew that of course before?

Foster: It's also true of rockets. That's one reason I wouldn't think it would be a rocket. If they have a rocket for half an hour, this is quite a long time to operate a rocket engine.

Mrs. Miller: Well now I'd like to ask you a question: How fast were you going?

Mrs. Miller: * * * (garbled) then did they slow down or why didn't * * * (garbled)?

They must have slowed down. "They" or "it" must have slowed down.

Mrs. Miller: Yes, granted.

Miller: The unidentified object must have slowed down, flying as it was.

Neff: We trailed out as far as Oswego, which is right on the south shore of Lake Ontario and we passed up our point of landing at Syracuse, and we weren't sure we should hold the listeners up any longer, and of course we did the best we could.

Mrs. Miller: ...that would have been wonderful.

[Brief gap in tape, presumably caused by original recorder changing reels]

We were calling Griffiss and asked if we could change over to emergency frequency which is 121.5, and we came down rather low and the GHF (or VHF) is a line-of-sight operation. And we did we changed over figuring.

Miller: Go right ahead. I don't even know what you're talking about, but that's all right, go right ahead.

But we figured the uncooperative were going to operate on a frequency that's a little different than the line-of-sight.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

WEEN-TV-6

cont.): That frequency and talk to us, and then came alongside us and took off from where we were on our heading. But we
called them and they said they were 'about off' - and that was about 6 minutes and we couldn't work them any longer. 
Then just after 10 to 12 minutes and they're still and what we giving... relaying the messages back and forth. And it was
then about 10 or 12 minutes and they're still and they're still going.
And we can't... I don't know, we'd probably still be flying if just don't know where this bay where we were why didn't they

Miller: Well what happened to the object?
It went off, it just went to the northwest and it went
out of sight.

Foster: 
Was it more rapid? All of a sudden did it accelerate its
speed?

Neff:
It did appear to...after it got over the water it appeared
to really get out of sight very fast.

Miller: 
Did you people in Toronto see an orange light?

Mrs. Miller: * * * (garbled) well now, tell us, what do you think it is?

Foster:
This sounds very much like some of the investigations of
Mr. XXXX XXXXXXX on unidentified flying objects. But it seems most of the good cases he talks about
had these short timed events either the airplane didn't get a good look at one or else there was some reason
why they just didn't have a good look at some of these unidentified flying objects. Probably the
same thing that has been reported many times in the past five years. In relation to this subject I notice that you
people hesitate to refer to them as 'flying saucers.' So
does it happen to unfolded that those cases that we investigated flying objects that might have been
saucer-shaped or not?

Miller:
Oh I don't know. I couldn't say.

Neff: There was no definite shape to it, it was just a brilliant light.

Foster: 
He (Possibly) talks about three different general types:
is a point of light, much as what you appear to have as
streetlights or airplanes, and the third is a sort of

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely related to a UFO sighting.

WBEN-TV.............7
Miller: Did this at any time appear to be green?
No. At no time was it green.
Miller: Mr. Ryan, have you had any phone calls about this?
A good number of them, yes, and letters also.
Miller: Didn't someone call you and talk, that *** (garbled) in the Air Force or whatever, and say that your experience and this object that you saw corresponds very definitely to other reports?
That's right. That's what they said.
Mrs. Miller: And you don't think it can be a jet; and you don't think it can be anything else, and you don't think it's an airplane. What do you think?
Neff: I don't know.
I wish somebody would come up with the answer.
I think they ought to take an all-out effort to find out what these things are. If this is a government project, I think everybody's for 100 per cent security, but if it's not a government project or something of our own, I think that possibly they should find out what they are if it's possible.
(Mrs. & Mrs. Miller thank their guests)
END

- page 9 -

The image appears to contain a newspaper headline and article. The headline reads "Airline Pilot Pursues 'Fantastic Thing' in Sky" and the article discusses an incident where a veteran airline pilot reported seeing a bright object in the sky. The article mentions that the pilot, Captain Raymond E. Ryan, said the object was "something fantastic" and that "the light was so bright you wouldn't want to look at it." There is no photograph present in this image.

BUFFALO, April 10 - A veteran airlines pilot today 
recounted the tale of something fantastic he said he 
saw in the sky while flying his regular run between 
Buffalo and Schenectady, N.Y.
  Capt. Raymond E. Ryan, 43, of suburban Snyder, a pilot 
for Caro. York airlines, said he followed a bright light from 
Schenectady to Buffalo, but never could quite catch up with 
it.
  "The light was so bright you wouldn't want to look at 
it," Capt. Ryan said. "I'm the type of fellow that - well, you've 
got to show me. But I'm convinced there was something 
fantastic up there."

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document related to a UFO sighting incident.

THE REPORT ON THE UFO SIGHTED AND PURSUED, AT THE
REQUEST OF GRIFFIS AIR FORCE BASE, BY CAPT. RAYMOND RYAN,
AMERICAN AIRLINES, ON APRIL 8, 1956. GRIFFIS AFB WAS
RADIO CONTACT WITH CAPT. RYAN, STATED THEY COULD SEE THE
UFO, AS A ROUND, FLOWING OBJECT, PRECEDING THE AIRLINER,
THEY ALSO ASKED CAPT. RYAN TO LEAVE HIS ASSIGNED COURSE,
THOUGH HE WAS CARRYING PASSENGERS, AND TO PURSUE THE UFO,
REPORTING ALL POSSIBLE DETAILS.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a typed document describing a UFO sighting.

UFO SIGHTING
ROME, SCHENECTADY, ROCHESTER, N.Y.
9 - 10 APRIL 1956

On 9 April 1956, at 03152, Capt. [redacted], and the first officer of an American Airlines aircraft sighted an unidentified flying object while on a scheduled flight from Rochester, N.Y. to Oswego, N.Y. The object appeared the size of an aircraft on the ground from 5500 feet, was a bright orange and slightly larger than the aircraft, and appeared at equal speed. (Aircraft heading 270° at 5000'.) The weather was reported as clear.

This object was also reported by the crews of four other flights who thought it was probably a star or planet. Other planes reported at 03152 and were on the same heading in the area. No instructions were given to the airliner to deviate from course.

The object was observed by the shift supervisor in the tower at Griffiss Air Force Base. The minute movement captured the object was found to be about the size of a pea held at arm's length, was white with an orange tint, and after about 10 minutes appeared orange with a red tint. The object was reported as larger than any other. The object was observed from the Griffiss Tower and appeared to be at three to four thousand feet. The object was observed to depart the horizon about 3:05 p.m. (probably in error) when it disappeared.

Conclusion:
At 03202 on 9 - 10 April 1956, the planet Venus was just on the horizon and at an altitude of approximately 300 - 305°. Venus was very prominent and bright during the time of the sighting. Since the object was identified as a star or planet by the interest a/c (scrambled for identification) and 4 other a/c in the area it is believed Venus was definitely the cause of these sightings.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. Instead, the image appears to be a topographical map of a region between Schenectady and Oswego, New York.

The text found in the document is as follows:

ONC 310
LEGEND
RELIEF PORTRAYAL
Shaded areas in this legend indicate TERRAIN CHARACTERISTICS of the area. Land forms are shown by contours. The legend below shows CHARACTERISTIC TINTS which are devoted to terrain:

CONTOUR INTERVAL
1000 feet with intermediate contours at 500 feet

SPOT ELEVATIONS
Elevations and positions accurate within 50-100 feet. Approximate or doubtful features are indicated by emission marks.

MAXIMUM ELEVATION FIGURES, scattered in area, indicate HIGHEST TERRAIN ELEVATION in thousands of feet. MAXIMUM ELEVATION FIGURES are derived in this area from vertical CONTOUR construction and should be considered only as approximations.

- page 13 -

The provided image appears to be a map rather than a photograph. It is a detailed map showing the geographical area between Schenectady and Oswego, New York.

The text in the document is as follows:

"A SIGHTING BETWEEN SCHENECTADY AND OSWEGO, NEW YORK

On 4/6/56, a CAA employee, Mr. J. K. GILMAN (a regular CAA employee), was driving his car between Schenectady and Oswego, New York, on Route 5. At approximately 9:55 p.m. EDT, he observed a bright light in the sky which appeared to be traveling in a north-easterly direction. The light was observed for approximately 15 minutes."

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a black and white topographic map showing various geographical features and locations in the northeastern United States.

Some of the key text and place names visible in the image include:

BOSTON
WASHINGTON
SPRINGFIELD 
WORCESTER
PROVIDENCE
NASHUA
CLINTON
LAWRENCE
CONCORD
MANCHESTER
MONTPELIER
SCHENECTADY
OSWEGO

The map seems to cover a broad region spanning from the coast of Massachusetts and Rhode Island inland to western New York state.

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a geographical map or chart, but does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

W-103
W-104
FN
GN 42 8

- page 16 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a geographical map with various annotations related to aviation and construction data. However, there is no photograph or image visible on this particular page.

OCR text:
CULTURE
Actual city outline 
Towns and villages
Landmark features
Dual highway numbering system Pennsylvani a number ing system 
Dual lane road Toll road 
Trails or trails 
Railroad  
Pipe line
Power transmission line 
Aeronautical 
INFORMATION

Major aeronautical symbols 
Airport: Airports or landing fields designated. Each symbol indicates the center of the field represented. true position 
o uncontrolled
minor aerodromes. Seaplanes base

Vertical obstructions - unlighted, uncharted
Vertical obstructions - lighted, charted 
Altitudes given are in feet above mean sea level (elevation)
Numbers adjacent to obstruction indicates height above ground

CONSTRUCTION DATA
Position indicated by vertical symbols on vertical scale represents true vertical position of obstruction as surveyed

Typical Military Climb Corridor
Altitudes shown are the existing 2500 ASL 
clear area usable for military training flights
with approval of proper authorities. 
Corridor extends 5 miles either side of centerline 
shown on sheet.

ONC 310

- page 17 -

The image appears to be a map from a document on a UFO sighting report from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

USAF OPERATIONAL
AERONAUTICAL CHART
WORLD GEOGRAPHIC REFERENCE SYSTEM AREA
COMPILED BY AERONAUTICAL CHART AND INFORMATION CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE

GJ HJ

75°40' 75° 74°30' 74°

1 0 1 0 1 0

ELEVATIONS IN FEET

NAUTICAL MILES

STATUTE MILES
KILOMETERS

- page 18 -

The image appears to be a navigation chart from the Project Blue Book UFO report. There is no obvious photograph present in this particular page of the document.

Extracting the text from the document:

WARNING: This navigation chart is related to the flight of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) and is part of the Project Blue Book records. Elevations are shown in feet. Key information includes the map coordinates W-106 and W-105, and the notation "ATLANTIC (COASTAL) ADIZ", which likely refers to the Airborne Defense Identification Zone in the Atlantic coastal region. The chart also includes various geographic features and location labels.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a navigation chart or map of the Hudson River area, showing nautical mile scales, geographic coordinates, and various navigational information.

CAUTION: Air information shown in this chart is subject to constant change. Consult current information for flight planning.
HUDSON RIVER
CANADA - UNITED STATES
ONC 310
SCALE 1:1,000,000
7TH EDITION
CORRECTED TO MAY 19, 1950
PUBLISHED BY THE AERONAUTICAL CHART AND INFORMATION SERVICE, UNITED STATES AIR FORCE

- page 20 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with various categories listed, such as "INITIAL TELEX", "MISSILE ANALYSIS", "CORRESPONDENCE WITH RICHARD HALL (SEC. OF NICAP)", "MISC. REPORTS", and "WEATHER DATA".

TAB
A INITIAL TELEX
B MISSILE ANALYSIS 
C CORRESPONDENCE WITH RICHARD HALL (SEC. OF NICAP)
D MISC. REPORTS
E WEATHER DATA

- page 21 -

The image contains a handwritten note that appears to be part of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The note mentions "Note, Pilot states (very aircraft) from while flying from Schenectady to Oswego 6:17 17 Apr 55" and includes some additional details and calculations.

MPA921 YDC021 YDD030 TMA123 TID033 SNA042 SND003
EE RJEDEN RJEPNE RJEPSN RJEPWE RJEPKG
DE RJEPSNR CC
LF 891545Z
EE COMDR 0325TH ACLD SQ WATERTOWN AFB STA WATERTOWN NY
TG RJEDEN/COMDR ADC ENT ARE COLORADO SPRINGS COLO
RJEPENS/COMDR ADC ENT ARE PITTSBURGH PENNA
RJEPN/COMDR 32D AIC DIV SYRACUSE NY 
RJEDDV/COMDR AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER WRIGHT-PATTERSONABE 
RJEPHO/DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE HQ USAE WASHINGTON 25 D C
UNCLASSIFIED/G-OPS 04222 ED FLYOBSPT CPN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
CHR AFR 290 2' ED
A. UNKNOWN*
B. THE SIZE OF AN AIRCRAFT ON THE GROUND FROM 600-1000 FT.
C. BRIGHT ORANGE LIGHT
D. ONE
E. N/A
F. NONE
G. NONE
H. NONE
I. NONE

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text data related to a UFO sighting between Schenectady and Oswego, New York.

A. WHEN TAKING OFF FROM SCHENECTADY, CME IT WAS TO THE WEST
B. 50 DEGREES STARBOARD
C. FLIED PARALLEL TO HIM FROM SCHENECTADY TO OSWEGO
D. DISAPPEARED OVER LAKE ONTARIO
E. 4S MINUTES
F. AIR-VISUAL
G. NONE
H. 600 FT. 330 DEGREES EAST TO WEST 182 KNOTS
I. APRIL 26, 0315Z
J. NIGHT
K. FROM SCHENECTADY TO OSWEGO
L. CAPT (AMERICAN AIRLINES) GOOD
M. NK/E4
N. R. CLEAR
O. NOT AVAILABLE
P. 3500 FT
Q. CLEAR
R. THIN OVERCAST AT SCHENECTADY, REST CLEAR

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PAGE THREE KIEPSIN GD
1. NONE
2. NONE
3. NONE
4. SCRAMBLE D JUMPING JACE ABLE ONE NEC RESULTS
5. NONE
6. UNKNOWN OBJECT VAS ALSO OBSERVED. FOR CO-PILOT AND STEWARDESS
APR 15 1952 KIEPSIN

- page 24 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document that describes the details of a sighting of an unidentified flying object on the night of April 5, 1956 near Schenectady, New York. 

Text from the document:

FINAL GALLEY PROOF

Galley 59--THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS

The Ryan Case

An American Airlines plane had just taken off on a flight from Albany to Syracuse, New York, on the night of April 5, 1956. The sky was clear with a very thin overcast. At 10:15 E.S.T., while at about 6,000 feet over Schenectady, Captain Ryan and his first officer sighted an unidentified flying object and reported it to Griffiss Air Force Base. Bright orange in color, it glowed clearly in the northwestern sky, seemed to travel at exactly the same speed as and parallel with the aircraft, and maintained this steady course during the entire flight. The tower operators at the Albany and Watertown airports also saw the object, as did the crews of four other plane flights, who decided it was probably a star or a planet. The shift supervisor in the tower at Griffiss Air Force Base, alerted by Captain Ryan, was able to observe the unknown through binoculars. He described it as apparently round, larger than any star, at an estimated altitude of 5000 or 6000 feet, when first sighted. It looked white with an orange tint but after about ten minutes changed to orange with a red tint. During the twenty-three minutes, it descended slowly over the horizon. Interceptors from Griffiss Air Force Base were scrambled but could not intercept the object (their mission being to take off and pursue as quickly as possible) at 10:43 and 10:55, but returned to base without finding anything. Captain Ryan, having watched the object during the entire flight, landed his plane at Syracuse and made his customary report.

The newspaper accounts that followed caused a short-lived flying-saucer scene. But when officials from ATIC investigated they had determined the object was the planet Venus. The observing plane had been flying northwest on a heading of 230 degrees; the object was directly ahead of them all the way. The ground observers from the Griffiss tower, when they first picked up the object at 10:20 p.m., had estimated its position at azimuth 330 degrees. It had descended slowly over the horizon about 15 degrees to the left of the spot where first sighted. A plot of the planet's position showed that at 10:20 p.m. on this particular night Venus was on or just below the western horizon at an azimuth of approximately 335 degrees. Thus the unknown and Venus appeared at the same position, remaining so the entire time the object was observed. Refraction of the light through the earth's atmosphere had projected the image slightly upward, and the associated dispersion of colors had produced the brilliant red glow [1].

There the matter should have ended. The puzzle was solved, and forgotten by all but a few saucer addicts. Some twelve months later, however, Major Donald Keyhoe reopened the case. As the new Director of the National Investigations Committee for Aerial Phenomena, commonly known as NICAP (see Chapter XIII), he charged the Air Force with misinforming the public as to the true facts of the incident.

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in the provided document. 

and himself tried to get in touch with Captain Ryan to obtain information to support the charge. Receiving no answer to letters or telephone calls, Major Keyhoe then gave his story to certain government agencies. Using as "evidence" a newspaper account [1] and extrapolations of Captain Ryan's remarks in a TV interview, this civilian investigator had constructed a version of the incident so fantastic that it is scarcely recognizable as the same event. It is scarcely necessary to point out that the captain, on orders from Griffiss Air Force Base, had abandoned his scheduled route to chase the unknown craft, and had lost it somewhere over Lake Ontario, had then turned back and landed at Syracuse far behind his scheduled arrival and, finally, that his flight log had been falsified to conceal the facts of this pursuit [S. pp. 107-84].
The original question, the identity of an unknown object, was all that the letters, telephone and telegraph calls to various and sundry officials of American Airlines, Congress, the Air Force, the Civil Aeronautics Board, and the Civil Aviation Authority, NICAP requested an official investigation of the "cover-up." The first requests evoked no response but repeated prodding finally paid off. After hints of publicity and of possible senatorial interest, the beleaguered agencies at last yielded to NICAP pressure and reopened the case.
Captain Ryan, a reliable officer with twenty-three years' experience as a pilot, was subjected to official interrogation. Busy government bureaus were forced to invest further time, money, and energy to confirm facts that had never been in doubt.
"To the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA)," the captain stated, with the concurrence of his first officer: "I did not deviate from course at any time. I did sight an object and it was witnessed." 
The Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB) reported: "Captain Ryan stated most emphatically that he did not deviate from his prescribed course, nor was he requested to do so. Scheduled time for American Airlines Flight 275 (the one involved in this incident) between Albany and Syracuse is 48 minutes; elapsed log time for that flight on April 8, 1956, was 49 minutes. Since it is obvious that this scheduled running time would not have permitted any substantial deviation from course, as reported by the Buffalo Evening News on April 20, 1956, and since safety does not appear to have [been] derogated, further investigation into the matter by the Board is not considered warranted."
A vice-president of American Airlines stated that "... Captain Ryan states unequivocally that he did sight an object. He also states unequivocally that he did not chase it. His flight time between Syracuse and Albany confirms that statement."
No statements could be more explicit. Saucer lobbyists, however, merely seized them as material for constructing a more elaborate fantasy. They then tried to persuade the public that these "admissions" were worthless. They merely proved that Captain Ryan had given false answers to his government agencies involved. They claimed the answers were false; and that a gigantic conspiracy existed to suppress the truth and support an "elaborate deception." [S. p. 185]
Among those supposed to be joined in the conspiracy were the American Airlines Company, the Civil Aeronautics Board, the Civil Aviation Agency, the United States Air Force, and possibly even the Central Intelligence agency and the National Security Council. Saucer publications still list this sighting of Venus as an "Unknown."

- page 26 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter addressed to Lieutenant Colonel Lawrence J. Tacker of the Air Force Office of Public Information at the Pentagon. The letter is from Richard Hall, the Secretary of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), and it mentions the transcript of a tape recording made by an American Airlines pilot who sighted an unidentified flying object over Schenectady, New York on April 8, 1956. The letter states that the actual tape recording is in NICAP's possession and they would be happy to arrange for Colonel Tacker to hear it.

OCR output:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE 
ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
WASHINGTON 5, D. C.

January 26, 1961

Lieutenant Colonel Lawrence J. Tacker
Dept. of the Air Force
Office of Public Information
Pentagon, Wash. 25, D.C.

Dear Colonel Tacker:

I am inclosing the transcript of a tape recording made of the interview of Capt. - American Airlines pilot who on April 8, 1956 sighted an unidentified flying object over Schenectady, N.Y. Since you stated on the recent Garry way show that you were "unfamiliar with the existing Captain I though this account of his experience.

The actual tape recording is in our possession and we would be happy to arrange for you to hear it at your convenience. 

Sincerely yours,

(signed)
Richard Hall
Secretary of NICAP

- page 27 -

