There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains text information rather than a photograph.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
18 July 1956
2. LOCATION
Homerville, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
LAST  EST
GMT  17/05002
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
X-S Ground-Radar
Air Visual
Air Intercept Radar
5. SOURCE
Yes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 minutes
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Two objects similar to illuminated solid bodies or lights appeared and maneuvered in a zigzag manner. Size of object between 6 to 8 degrees. Disappeared over trees. Observed constantly.
11. COMMENTS
Aircraft

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The page contains a questionnaire that asks the respondent various questions about their sighting of an unidentified flying object, including estimates of the speed and distance of the object, as well as personal information about the respondent.

Here is the text output from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? __________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? __________________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] Homerville, OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
What is your present job? [REDACTED]
Age: 23 Sex: female
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school 
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 July 56

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, or indicate differences that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they needed.

The handwritten text on the form describes the observed event in a cursive script, but I will not attempt to identify or name any individuals mentioned. The text includes observations about an unidentified object in the sky, described as having "white lights" and additional details about the observed event.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memo routing slip from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribed text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
NEVER USE FOR APPROVALS, DISAPPROVALS, CONCURRENCES, OR SIMILAR ACTIONS

1. NAME OR TITLE  PHIL

2. ACTION

3. 

4. REMARKS Received org. 1 copy of message (undecipherable) sent to Air Force Security Serv. Has (redacted) who reports the UFO incident to the Air Force Intelligences (redacted) a Miss (redacted) and states that something odd and light-like in nature was seen for (redacted) minutes on (redacted). Recommend that this incident be explained in the report being prepared.

FROM NAME OR TITLE  DD Form 95

ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION  DATE  TELEPHONE

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be an Air Force Technical Information Sheet containing a questionnaire related to an unidentified aerial phenomenon sighting.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as such, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 16 July 1956
2. Time of day: 2:00 Hours Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M. 
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Homerville, Ohio
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 3 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the lighting? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Full daylight c. Bright full light d. No trace of daylight e. Don't remember
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and response fields.

S. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight -- pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?: (Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car), b. Several blocks away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know, c. Break into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know, d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know, e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know, f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know, g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid? b. Transparent?

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?: a. Eyeglasses Yes No, b. Binoculars Yes No, c. Telescope Yes No, d. Windshield Yes No, e. Window glass Yes No, f. Theodolite Yes No, g. Other

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: Soft grating noise, came climbing across
b. Color: 

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

2 BRIGHT, CLIMBING IN SUCCESSIVE JUMPS
3 WHITE, NO QUIVERING OR CONSISTENCY, ABOUT 1/2 TO 1 DEGREE

18. The edges of the object were:
a. (Circle One) b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Didn't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with various questions and prompts for the respondent.

Text in the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. If POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Silver dollar
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? 

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could continue the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a form with various questions and responses.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane, e. At sea, f. Other.
26. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In the open country?, d. Flying near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other.
27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? *Handwritten response*
28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest. 28.2 How fast were you moving? *Handwritten response* miles per hour. 28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes, No.
29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest.
30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest.
31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was above the horizon (elevation). 31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North *Handwritten response* degrees, b. From horizon *Handwritten response* degrees. 31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North *Handwritten response* degrees, b. From horizon *Handwritten response* degrees.

- page 9 -

The image contains two sketches, but no photographs. The first sketch shows a curved line with a point marked "A" on it, and another point marked "B" on the same curved line. The second sketch shows a larger view, with a person standing on a road and a mountain range in the background. A smaller inset sketch shows a curved horizon line with a point marked "A".

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you first see the object?
Day Month Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Un signatur

- page 11 -

