The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 4 June 1956
2. LOCATION: Banning, California
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 06/13302
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 2GGround-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 8-10 seconds
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: See preliminary report.
11. COMMENTS: UNIDENTIFIED.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon, Was Aircraft, Was Astronomical, Was Unknown.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. The text in the document is as follows:

REPORT on the OBJECT
Description of the object:
On or about 9 October 1956, the object was observed to slow down, hover, and to move at varying speeds. The object appeared to bank left and present the flat side to the observer. 
Observations:
1. The object was observed to be silvery in appearance. This was when the object was side on. 
2. The object appeared to be about the size of a present day jet fighter. 
3. The object could not be heard. There was no sound associated with it at any time.
4. One object was sighted.
Conclusion:
From the report, the description of the observed object indicates it possessed the following characteristics:
A. It could hover, slow down, and move at varying speeds.
B. It could bank or turn and present its flat side to the observer. 
C. It was silvery in appearance when side on.
D. It was approximately the size of a present day jet fighter.
E. It made no sound.
F. Only one object was sighted.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a Project Blue Book report, containing typed text.

OUTPUT:

The object was silvery or light gray in color and was about 200 yards away from him. It appeared to be a circular object with a dome on top and was about 40 to 50 feet in diameter. It was hovering approximately 150 feet above the ground and was observed for about 2 to 3 minutes. The object suddenly accelerated and moved away at high speed. According to the observer, it made no sound and there were no visible means of propulsion.

2. Ground-visual. 

He states that the photograph and the description of the object are essentially the same as that observed. He adds that the object was about 200 yards from him as he first observed it.

3. Drawing - Sketch.

4. Lapse of Memory.

5. Attention or Observer.

- page 3 -

The image contains no photograph, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

"Trareler report from Banning, California:
On June 6, 1956 at approximately 11:30 p.m. I was driving north on Highway 60 about 5 miles south of Banning, California when I saw a bright light in the southern sky. At first I thought it might be a meteor, but as I watched it, it seemed to be hovering and changing color from a bright blue-white to a deep red color. The light then started to move in a northerly direction, went behind some trees, and then reappeared further north traveling at a high rate of speed. I watched the light for approximately 5 minutes before it disappeared over the mountains to the north. The object appeared to be round or oval in shape and much larger than a normal aircraft light. I am a pilot and have observed many types of aircraft in flight, but this was unlike anything I have ever seen before."

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

That any interruption of nor was to the all the ground only
It is hovered It to the ground
 
The witness Mrs. D. W. Henderson, 52 Yucca Drier, Banning, California, states as follows:
On July 25, 1956, at approximately 8:30 PM, she and her husband observed a strange object in the sky. Mrs. Henderson describes the object as being round and bright, with lights that appeared to be flashing. She states that at one point the object appeared to hover over their house. Mrs. Henderson indicates that the object was making no sound, and that it hovered at an altitude of approximately 1500 feet. She reports that the object then moved off in a rapid, straight-line motion.
From her written statement, Mrs. Henderson appears to be a credible and reliable witness. No further physical evidence or corroborating witnesses could be reached to establish this sighting. However, the witness appears sincere in her report of the strange aerial phenomenon observed.

- page 5 -

