The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 18 November 1956
2. LOCATION: Xenia, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 19/0145Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Two
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Approx 5 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Two objects, oval in size smaller than a basketball, were observed traveling east to west at an estimated speed of 300-400 mph.
11. COMMENTS: WADC running radiosonde tests with green lights attached to balloon.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 220 - 440 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 - 3 miles at most

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] Street, XENIA, Ohio, [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
What is your present job? No
Age 16
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school JUNIOR
c. College
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 16 May 59

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a "DISPOSITION FORM" containing text information.

TEXT OUTPUT:
FILE NO 25203 - 0315
SUBJECT Extract from SDO Report, 18 Nov 56
TO APOIN-14L1
FROM APOIN-1X2s
DATE 19 Nov 56
COMMENT NO. 1
Report contains: M 5911/P265/F437
Information and necessary action:
Sighting of UFO by questione d obser ver at 2005 in vicinity of XENIA, OHIO, 45 mi SE of DAYTON. Questionable observer as per DUC- 1080 and considered reliable, sighted red discs with white discs alternating, flew at about 2000 to 2030 local s ighting: Winds aloft to 20,000 local called up but Vy indistinctly 'due to radio s tatic'. Winds aloft 025 at 25 knots, 055 at 35 knots.
J.J. CONNAIR, JR.
Major, USAF
Adjutant

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, without your permission.

1. When did you see the object? 18 MAR 1956
2. Time of day: 2:45 P.M. (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Xenia, Ohio
Additional remarks: Reporting officer: Capt. W. E. Minge, Asst. S-2
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. Hours 1 Minutes - Seconds -
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? clear, moonlight
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight
d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observer's sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several blocks away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Wind-shield Yes No
d. Window-glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, likely an observer's report or questionnaire.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand? (Circle One) Giant basketball, Cigar, Dime, Nickel, Quarter, Silver dollar, Other.
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.) Certain, Fairly certain, Uncertain.
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? (Describe in detail).
24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you would construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would you give it? How large would it have to be, and what shape would you give to the object which you saw?

Common object in sky waned be aluminum foil appear metal or wood shape elongating hit in middle and tapering off

The provided text appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, likely an observer's report or questionnaire. It contains questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object in the sky, such as:
- Describing the motion and path of the object
- Estimating the size of the object
- Comparing the object's size to common objects
- Describing how the object disappeared from view
- Imagining how the observed object could be constructed

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, with a form for the witness to fill out details about the observed object.

Transcribed text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound of object: Buzzing, humming, whistling, whirring, blowing sounds. High pitched mechanical sounds, not like a jet engine.
b. Color of object: Bright orange-red glow, much brighter than a star, illuminating the ground.

17. Draw a picture to show the shape of the object if you can. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow to show the direction of motion.
A glowing, reddish-orange oval-shaped object, estimated to be 30-40 feet in diameter, drifting or hovering at an estimated 300-400 mph. Object 2-3 minutes in view and appeared to change altitude and shape slightly.

18. The shape of the object was:
a. Circle (oval)

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Two
The two objects were flying side by side at an estimated 300-400 mph, appeared to be disc-shaped, and maneuvered in a zig-zag pattern higher than 5,000 feet in altitude. The objects drifted out of sight.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In an airplane
d. At sea
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? We were driving along a busy highway and the object came into view. They seemed to move in an unusual manner, slowly rotating and displaying various colored lights.

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? 50 miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 20 degrees. 
b. From true North 20 degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 130-140 degrees.
b. From horizon 25-30 degrees.

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the document provided. The image shows a page from what seems to be an old Project Blue Book report, containing various questions and checkboxes related to a reported UFO sighting.

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Thick or heavy clouds
d. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day: --, Month: --, Year: 70

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes, No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses: 4 additional RE3 about 1 mi from xenia.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) No

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Certain weather conditions. The object appeared to make similar movements to our airplanes but it glided & light appeared to extend & retract eon its surface.

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a handwritten description of an incident involving a "flying object".

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may restate information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, clarifications, or details that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME (Please Print) (Do Not Write In This Space)
CODE:

SIGNATURE
DATE

SECURITY OFFICER CALLED CAPTAIN GREGORY - HE EXPLAINED WHAT IS KNOWN THIS INDICATES MORE WIDESPREAD TESTS AND TO MAKE VISUAL IDENTIFICATIONS EASIER, HAVE PLACED RED LIGHTS ON BALLOONS. BALLOONS WERE RELEASED AT 2030 IN 1ST OF 2 FLIGHTS THIS EVENING - A TOTAL OF 10 BALLOONS WERE RELEASED, WITH EACH ONE SEPARATED BY 100 YARDS. TESTS SUPPORT, WHILE LEFT TO REPORT, THOSE SIGHTINGS OF STRANGE OBJECTS BETWEEN WHICH ARE NOT BALLOONS RELEASED AND TESTED UNDER THIS PROGRAM.

- page 10 -

