The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card that provides details about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 13 August 1956
3. DATE/TIME OF OBSERVATION: 26/0045Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground and Visual
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: One object, dull color like polished brass, object had long trail of smoke and sparks, object moved with about the same speed as an airliner, no sound, object disappeared, but tail of smoke still visible after object had disappeared.
11. COMMENTS: Probable A/C.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? I would say it was going at the cruising speed of a commercial airliner. 
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? No.
41. Please give the following information about yourself: [Redacted personal information]
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2- 5-56.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, specifically a "SUMMARY DATA" sheet.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

If you are in early, starting to a clear warm day, as report of mine sitting in our frequency, on path of the tree, three objects out, toward the middle and stop. Hovered then, flying some distance, low in part of the road apparently slightly, bullet shaped, gat to traveling, and moved, seem was just someone was sitting to high bright light but he followed in a bright light to became more solid ware this thing had no pollution, the thing had no end and a steady bright lit off me. [sic]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, possibly part of a Project Blue Book UFO report.

The text in the document is as follows:

"The object was long and narrow. Rather like a cigar wider in center 
It was in very sight. New were a flat destruct shape and this object passed in front of moon.
Very was or bright shining and very long. It was if I could [have] that any moment it disappear and reappear. No noise whatso ever was connected or made in more of any kind. It materiel would to parsh it swift and or what shone clear. As f you after looked to what it left behind and it matter it never gave any more guard nor nothing.  Continued to go under some trees and went get up and nearly get it as as far as possible. Only see more of any which it not of it. When it disappeared and I looked until it found into the tree. As I after watch it continuous(ly) I could identify that it left the same come from to pass. I could tell for sure no more then some three or four minute.  I did no stop watch it on just stay for near, could it see any light or more than what it by shape shines shown to passed. shutter arrived 7:30PM E.S.T. 6th. 1956. Apparent very bright - like a N.F? direction. Again-comparing to ordinance piston's H. judge 28 august to scene."

- page 4 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a typed letter.

6 September 1956

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

This is in reply to your letter of August 28, 1956, concerning your sighting of an unidentified flying object. We are still interested in these sightings. Enclosed is a USAF Technical Information Sheet for you to complete regarding the phenomenon you have observed.

Any aerial objects, so long as it remains unidentified, are of great concern to the Air Defense Command which is charged with the air defense of the United States. It has, for some time now, been the joint responsibility of the Air Defense Command and the Air Technical Intelligence Center to investigate unidentified flying objects and to correlate developments outside our own scientific knowledge.

It is requested that you forward the completed form directly to:

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Attention: AFOIN-4B4
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio 

Your interest is greatly appreciated.

Sincerely,

TIMOTHY R. JOHNSON
Lt Colonel, USAF
Directorate of Intelligence

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an Air Force Technical Information Sheet.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2 August 1956

2. Time of day: 7:45 Hour Minute (Circle One): A.M. P.M.

3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? South Salem, N.Y. sitting on the driveway looking at the garden

5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 5 Minutes Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Full daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. Behind you b. In front of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? 
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? 
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away? 
e. Other

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and slow down at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Combine, Smoke, Sparks, Exhaust Yes No Don't Know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
f. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what: Out of sight for a few seconds behind a thin cloud formation

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what: Thin cloud formation

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No 
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescopes Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Exhaust-Vapor trail

The vapor trail stretched clear across the sky and was real bright for the first 1/2 way.

16. The shape of the object were:
(Circle One): 1. Round or balloon
2. Like a light or star 
3. Sharply outlined
4. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
(No image is provided for this question)

- page 8 -

The image contains a drawing of an object or objects on a path, but there is no photograph present in this particular document.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain 
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Slowly, gradually, suddenly, straight, or did it no longer visible?

24. In order that you may give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, would you please imagine that you could recreate a model of what you observed? Describe in your own words what that model would be like, and what characteristics it would have of the object or objects which when viewed up in the sky would give the same appearance that you observed.

The best I can do is to say that it would be a real bright, highly polished brass, somewhat in the shape of a bullet but tapered at both ends. As for the size I'd have no idea - it did not appear to be as large as the average airliner. More perhaps like a jet- or DC-4.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

THE TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): 
a. In a building
b. In a car building
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? 
I was shooting the sky. Suddenly from behind the trees appeared this bright object with a long trail of white smoke. At first I thought it was a jet, but it was making no noise and was much slower than a jet plane.

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees if was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North 135 degrees.
b. From horizon 45-50 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 92 degrees.
b. From horizon 45-50 degrees.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing sketches and illustrations rather than photographs.

TEXT OUTPUT:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. All text found in the document is as follows:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds - very sparse
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind 
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
5 day - August 1954

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) YES NO

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) YES NO

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
My husband - [redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) YES NO

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I have no idea --just cannot accounts for this ordinary aircraft as we live in an area where commercial planes, jets, and Army planes pass daily regularly, day and night, and none has ever appeared like this. Furthermore, all of those have on accompanying noise which this did not have at all. This was absolutely silent, and it also moved steadily from end to end.

- page 12 -

