The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

12 December 1956
7 MI W of Cedar Falls, Iowa
Object: Balloon found. Remains sent 788th ACW, Waverly, Iowa for positive identification, then forwarded to ATIC.
CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon

No evidence of any special or unusual characteristics.
No aircraft, missile, or astronomical bodies involved.

COMMENTS: Although positively identified as some type of balloon, an extensive check of applicable facilities through U.S. agencies disclosed that it was not an experimental or training balloon of any type. Action being taken by ATIC to determine origin, type, purpose, etc. Made a matter of UFO record in event sightings later reported in same general area which could provide additional information.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be text from a report from the 788th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron, Waterloo Air Force Station in Iowa, dated December 19, 1956.

The text reads as follows:

788th AIRCRAFT CONTROL AND WARNING SQUADRON 
Waterloo Air Force Station
Iowa
19 December 1956

SUBJECT: Unidentified Balloon

TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. Subject balloon was found by Mr. in a roadside ditch about 12 miles north 7 miles east of Cedar Falls, Iowa. Mr. found the balloon 12 December 1956. He stated that the balloon was not in the ditch previous to that date.

2. The balloon envelope indicated that the balloon may have been of cellular construction. The remains of the envelope were in shreds which were 10-15 feet in length. The shreds were examined minutely and it was concluded that the shreds were not from the base assembly.

3. Futile attempts were made to identify the remains of the balloon by the Operations and/or Intelligence section of:
a. 20th Air Division
b. Central Air Defense Force
c. Western Air Defense Force
d. Air Defense Command

4. Mr. stated that he had found a balloon similar to this one in 1949 but that it was not as large as this one and it bore General Mills markings. He further stated that he had disassembled the metal portion in hopes of finding indications of a reward such as he had received in the case of the 1949 finding. The subject balloon did not contain any such markings or indications.

5. The finding was at first suspected to be one of the balloons launched from the Vanrelle California Launching Site; however, WADF investigation eliminated the possibility.

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in the image. The text in the document is as follows:

799th ACAW SQDN., USAF, 19 Dec 56, Subj: Unidentified Balloon

1. (Conf'd) Identification of the balloon, Air Defense Command, acting upon advisement by Intelligence Service, directed that the remains of the balloon be forwarded to your headquarters.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

DONALD E. STEPP 
2nd Lt., USAF
Adjutant

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document titled "MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD" dated 3 January 1957, discussing the identification of a balloon and recommendations related to it. The text of the document is as follows:

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD
SUBJECT: (U) Balloon Identification - Recommendations 

1. Subject item was identified as an ATTIC star device. Efforts were made by pertinent agencies to identify if possible a balloon, as similar devices have been used in the past. It appears that it is identified as a device, such as it possesses a potential for intelligence information.

2. Inasmuch as it has been identified as a known object, it falls out of the UFO category and should be placed in the hands of pertinent specialists for further intelligence exploitation, if any.

3. Accordingly, to assist you in this matter the following are offered:

a. Have made arrangements with Mr. Arnold, 4E2 Equipment Specialists, to work with you in this respect.

b. Mr. ___ and this officer, previously worked on a balloon equipment project and you will find him very cooperative.  

c. Some of the intelligence requirements for information that may be considered in this matter would include origin, purpose, track of the balloon, possibly as a stream, or upper atmospheric data that may relate to the subject, etc.

GEORGE T. GREGORY
Captain, USAF

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

AFOIN-4 788th ACWV Sqdn., 19 Dec 1956. Subj: Unidentified Balloon
AFOIN-4X2 Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AF Base, Ohio
TO: Commander, 788th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron, Waverly
Air Force Station, Iowa
1. Receipt of subject balloon is herewith acknowledged.
2. An examination of the components and the type of plastic
materials indicates that the balloon is undoubtedly a constant-altitude type manufactured by General Mills, Inc. and released by one of the Air Force research contractors.
Any action deemed necessary may be taken by your organization regarding the handling of this material (reference paragraph 3 of basic communication) regarding this matter.
FOR THE COMMANDER
WALLACE W. ELWOOD
Assistant Adjutant

- page 5 -

