There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a Project 10073 Record Card that contains information about a UFO sighting. The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 23 September 1956
2. LOCATION: Craig, Colorado
3. SHAPE OF OBJECTS: Lights
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [Blank]
5. COURSE: Four to five lights arranged as described in item 10
6. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1.1 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Lights were described as four to five lights arranged as described in item 10, distant lights traveling from northwest to southeast at approximately 5000-6000 feet altitude. Object or objects disappeared from view in direction of northeast to southeast.
11. COMMENTS: Civilian line indicates that aircraft fly over Craig and are familiar sights, but these lights did not behave like typical aircraft. This fact, plus the unusual direction of travel, probably leads to an unaccounted-for situation. Since there was no schedule for any known craft in the area, this case evaluated as probably n/c.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION FROM THE DOCUMENT:

DETACHMENT #2 
147TH CONSOLIDATED COMBAT SQUADRON
DOD BOX 1022
Colorado Springs, Colorado 

2 October 1956

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object 

TO: Commander
2652nd Air Intelliqence Service Squadron
ATTN: AFSCO
Sub Air Force Base
Colorado Springs, Colorado

The enclosed report of an unidentified flying object is forwarded in accordance with phase converqence between your organization and the Kingsbury, your organization, and the Kingsbury, this unit.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

HUGH E. KINGERY
1st Lt. USAP 
Adjutant

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report about an unidentified object seen over Craig, Colorado on September 26, 1956.

The text in the document is as follows:

On the morning of 26 Sep 56, the undersigned interviewed Mr. [redacted], and his wife Mrs. [redacted], regarding a report of an unidentified object seen moving over the Craig area the evening of 26 September 1956.

The object is described as a string of lights, approximately ten, preceded by three or four lights, smaller and immediately above and slightly ahead of the others. These lights were uniform in distance, and appeared to be similar to a string of cabin lights on a modern passenger a/c as seen from the ground.

Description would seem to follow the folgr diagram:

The shape and color of the object are unknown. It was dark at the time of sighting. No other lights were sighted, so it is not known if the object had wings or tail structure. No smoke or vapor trail was seen, also because of darkness.

The lights were first sighted by Mr. [redacted] as he was climbing the outside stairs to his second floor apartment in down town Craig. He said his attention was first called to the object when a bright flash in the sky caught his eye. He then watched the lights move from a point approximately one mile directly north of Craig south east till it passed out of sight, to the south east.

Approximate speed of the object was 85 to 100 MPH. As the object flew by, a bright light similar to a carbon arc light began flashing on and off. In appearance it looked much like an airplane beacon flashing. It continued till object was gone.

At no time during the observation was any sound heard. Which would seem to indicate it was an aircraft carrying no engine noise or any other like sound.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a typed document that appears to be an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will extract all the text found in the document:

II
is strange in view of the fact that it passed almost directly over
Craig. [REDACTED] believes the object was roughly one to two thousand
feet above the ground.
There were three other witnesses to this action. All agree on time,
course and visual characteristics. Object was first sighted at
0155 Zebra time, and was in sight approximately 10 minutes. It
was first sighted at grid coordinates November Lima 2732, and flew
a direct course to November Lima 3031, where it passed out of sight.
The light was still flashing with regularity, seeming to be on top
of, or on the stern section of the object.
Weather was fair, no cloud cover, with thin haze in the east.
No wind, temperature 55-60.
[REDACTED] is 28, employed as a night baker, veteran of the
Navy (Security Dept). Mailing address, Craig.
Other witnesses: Mrs [REDACTED] (wife)
[REDACTED] (father)
[REDACTED] (mother)
This report was first made to James M. Pugh, Moffat by GN
in Craig. Mr Pugh checked with Craig airport. No a/c had taken
off or landed there recently.
A check with GCI posts in this area has been negative as regards
any object of this description.
/s/ C. Nelson
This is a Certified True Copy
CHARLES F. GODSEY, Captain, USAF
Assistant Adjutant

- page 4 -

