The image appears to be a page from an official Project Blue Book record card. It does not contain any photographs, only text fields filled out with details about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: May 1956
2. LOCATION: Boston, Massachusetts
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: N/A
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [] Ground-Radar, [] Air-Visual, [] Air-Intercept Radar
5. PHOTOS: Two objects were not seen when photos were taken.
6. OBJECTS: Two
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N/A
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two
9. COURSE: N/A
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Photos submitted showing two objects were not seen when photos were taken.
11. COMMENTS: "After an extensive review and evaluation, it was found that "objects" are the result of developing the films."
12. CONCLUSIONS: [x] Probably Aircraft, [] Possibly Balloon, [] Was Aircraft, [] Possibly Aircraft, [] Was Astronomical, [] Possibly Astronomical, [] Insufficient Data for Evaluation, [] Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Lt. AYCRO, 1 Apr 59, Subj: Unidentified Flying Objects
AYCRO-448
AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
23: Lawrence G. Abercombie, Research Center, ATIC, USAF
1. This case is of interest in that the Force Area Research Center, ATIC, USAF, has received and subjected color transparencies and negatives to careful study and analysis from the following: (full details found on page 1)
2. For the purpose of your inquiry as to their comments, the following are this Center's findings:
a. During analysis of the original negatives, certain optical characteristics were unexpectedly noted which probably caused by air turbulence within the camera and probably caused by air bolls climbing rapidly and irregularly within the camera lens system, a phenomena which appeared during normal image development.
b. There are certain negative shadow shapes or gradation which would result in "ease of objects actually flying in the sky" even if they were blurred.
c. There are certain puzzling aspects regarding this analysis.
It is our opinion that a professional photographer would be qualified in evaluate this data and recommend an appropriate analysis. I should be the result of this type of professional consultation."
R. L. T. has some of the finest equipment in the country which is not ordinarily available to others.
The fact that the source of the ridicule on the person who submitted the pictures is questioned.
Previous experience with alleged flying saucer photo-graphism in some cases had resulted in some unfounded accusations against the Air Force.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

Text from the document:

FILE CLASS: 
OFFICIAL FILE COPY

OFFICE OF RECOR

AFGIN-4 Unidentified Flying Objects 
- closed no reports of UFOs or anything unusual from the radar units, 
GCD section, military or civil aircraft or others in that area. For 
the general time of the year shown in the photographs, anything this  
time seen in the record perhaps would have been seen and reported by
many people.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

AFGIN-4X2c

AFGIN-4X3 Lt Col, USAF
1. Orig transmittals 
2. 31/2 x 45/8 enlargement 
3. 8 x 10 enlargements (dupe)

AFGIN-4X4 

AFGIN-4X5

AFGIN-4A

AFGIN-4B

AFGIN-4C

AFGIN-4D

AFGIN-4E 15 May 58

AFGIN-4F

OTHERS

PERM
TEMP
90 DAYS
INITIAL

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
(AFR 190-16)
ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET

- page 3 -

The image contains a document from the Air Force Cambridge Research Center's Air Research and Development Command, United States Air Force. The document discusses unidentified flying objects and the attached negatives that were submitted to the office by a photographer. The document mentions that the photographs were taken during the daytime and were not submitted for fear of ridicule. The document also mentions that the pictures were taken facing out over the Charles River and that nothing inherently wrong was found with the film. The document requests that the Commander take a look at the enclosed negatives and provide any feedback on what is shown in the film.

HEADQUARTERS
AIR FORCE CAMBRIDGE RESEARCH CENTER
AIR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Hanscom Field, Massachusetts
Bedford, Massachusetts

CROT                                  1 April 1956
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects
TO:      Commander
         Air Technical Intelligence Center
         Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
         Dayton, Ohio

1. The attached negatives were submitted to this office by a professional photographer now in the employ of M.I.T. Lincoln Laboratories. The photographs appear to show objects that appear to be between two and three years old and were not submitted during that time for fear of ridicule. The reported objects appear at the bottom of the film and show a vertical and horizontal movement. The pictures were taken facing out over the Charles River with Boston on the horizon. The prints indicate the film was developed as soon as taken and nothing inherently wrong with the film to cause the markings in question.

2. Mr. ___ would like to have the enclosed negatives back in a reasonable length of time. This office would appreciate an estimate of what is showing on the film so that Mr. ___ can be given some sort of statement upon his return.

FOR THE COMMANDERS

LESLIE E. WILLIAMS 
Colonel, USAF
IGS/Operations

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports. There is no photograph present in this document, which appears to be a Disposition Form requesting the analysis of UFO photographs.

The text in the document is as follows:

DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO.  SUBJECT
Request for Analysis - UFO Photographs
TO      FROM  DATE  COMMENT NO. 1
AFCIN-14H   AFCIN-4H  8 Apr 55
AFCIN-14H/Capt Gregory/No. Ext 6-9216/Bldg. 263

1. Request that the attached two (2) frames of color transparencies be reviewed for the purpose of specifically determining either the nature or the cause of the spots purpose or design existing therein. It is recommended that your report be as detailed and technical as possible, so that there be no misunderstanding of our findings when officially submitted to the Cambridge Research Center. The reason for this is that there are certain puzzling aspects regarding this matter.

It appears odd that a professional photographer would ask the Air Force to identify what appears to be the spoils or coloring, developing or the reason why the spots purpose or design exists. M. I. T. has some of the finest equipment in the country for photo analysis, which apparently was available to source.

The fact that the source feared ridicule is questioned, as is the reason why the photo was withdrawn from the photo project, according to the Air Force, [Ref UTAH "ERA-GULL" Case).

In keeping with USAF policy that all originals be returned to owners, request the copies of the photos for UFO (2) be given to us.

1 Incl:
Ltr dtd 1 Apr 55
w/1 strly negatives

HENRY G. REILY
AFCIN-4H

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

SUBJECT: Request for Analysis - UFO Photographs
TO: AFOLN-LL FROM: AFOLN-H2F DATE: 9 APR 58 COMMENT HR 2

Due to recent transfer of photographic services responsibility to ADI, it is no longer possible to initiate a request for analysis for inclusions or untraresed UTO prints or transparencies. 

2. Analysis of attached transparencies is as follows: 
a. The black objects in transparencies appear to have been created during processing, probably caused by air bubbles clinging to emulsion during first development, which prevented uniform density from developing and resulted in black image areas.
b. These images show no shape or gradation which would result in case of objects actually flying in the sky, even if they were black.

1 Incl
n/c

TO: AFOLN-LL FROM: AFOLN-H2F DATE: 9 April 58, COMMENT HR 2
AFOLN-H2F/Capt Gregory/ko
Ext 69216/aldi 263

1. Reference paragraph 1, preceding comment.
2. In accordance with AFR 200-2, dtd 8 Feb 58, request two (2) copies of attached file be made, either in color or black and white, and returned to this office for transmittal to owner.

1 Incl
n/c

- page 6 -

This case includes one (1) 8" x 10" print of photographs from Boston, Massachusetts, dated 7 May 1956.

This case includes one (1) 8" x 10" print of photographs, Boston, Massachusetts, 7 May 1956

- page 7 -

The image contains two black and white photographs, both showing a cityscape or skyline across a body of water, possibly a harbor or bay. The photographs appear to be low-quality reproductions or copies, as they have a grainy and somewhat distorted appearance. There are no obvious signs of any unidentified flying objects or other unusual phenomena in the images.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS
5/6/56
P-M

BACKGROUND: The observer, who works for an engineering firm in downtown Boston, was on his way to lunch when he observed an unusual object in the sky over Boston Harbor.

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: The observer stated that the object was approximately 1 mile away and at an altitude of about 1500 feet. It appeared to be circular in shape, silver in color and about 40-50 feet in diameter. The object was moving very slowly across the sky in a north-to-south direction and did not make any sound. There was no trail or exhaust visible. The object was observed for about 5 minutes before it disappeared from view.

INVESTIGATOR'S NOTES: This case is classified as UNIDENTIFIED. The object's size, shape, color, lack of sound and slow, steady movement are all characteristics that do not match any known aircraft or other conventional object. The observer appears to be a reliable witness. No other reports of this object have been received.

- page 8 -

