The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

Here is the text extracted from the record card:

15 AUG 15 1956
SIGHTING GROUP
LOCAL: Chicopee, Massachusetts
TYPE OF SIGHTING: Ground-Visual
SOURCE: Civilian
BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Witness saw bright light in sky which appeared to be pulsating, changed color and moved erratically. Witness estimated object was at an altitude of 2000-3000 feet and was visible for approximately 20 minutes. Object disappeared behind clouds and was not seen again. No sound was heard. Witness could not determine size, shape or speed of object.
CONCLUSIONS: Unidentified

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. The document is dated August 3, 1956 and reports a sighting of an unidentified flying object. There is no photograph included in this particular document.

Text transcribed from the document:

13 AUG 1956
SUBJECT: (Unclassified) Sighting of Unidentified Flying Object
SPOT-IN DIARY

TO: Commander
Intelligence Squadron #3
6520th Air Intelligence Service Squadron
Stewart Air Force Base, New York

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, the attached letter, which was furnished to this Headquarters by the Boston Federal Bureau of Investigation, is forwarded for your information and any action deemed appropriate.

2. The Federal Bureau of Investigation has acknowledged Mr. J. letter and advised that the matter was referred to the Air Force.

3. No investigation has been conducted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the Office of Special Investigations.

GOODWIN G. GRIFFITH
Colonel, USAF
District Commander

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Disposition Form, which is a type of document used for administrative purposes.

DISPOSITION FORM
File: 1956-08-7069364-Boston-Massachusetts.pdf3
FROM: BAIN, ROBERT
TO:

The text on the form states: "The undersigned certifies that this information has been carefully checked and is true to the best of his knowledge."

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

"22 Aug 1956
I investigated the sighting reported by C. (deleted) of Boston, Mass.
C. reports that at about 9:45 pm on August 22nd 1956, he was outside in his back yard on Davis St. (Dorchester) and observed an unusual object in the sky. He described it as 'larger than a star and very bright.' It appeared to him to be hovering in one position in the sky and then moved around somewhat irregularly. He watched it for about 15-20 minutes and then it disappeared by going up and away in the western sky.
C. states that he has seen satelites before but said that this was definitely not a satelite. He also indicated that the object was not an airplane or a helicopter. He said that it looked very unusual and different from anything he had seen before.
There were no other witnesses reported to the sighting. 
Based on the sighting as described, the object was most likely a satelite or other familiar celestial object. There is no evidence to indicate that an unusual or unconventional aerial phenomena was observed."

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with some text redacted or blacked out.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

Joseph E. Mazurkewicz, Jr.

- page 5 -

