The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
30 September 1956
2. LOCATION
Dallas, Pennsylvania
3. DATE/TIME OBSERVATION
01/00.02Z (EST)
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS
Yes
6. SOURCE
Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
035 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One yellow object, the shape of a balloon, was first observed about 35 feet in diameter. It moved south and the tail and end broke up in flashes of light. Object moved to south and back to west, was observed visually until it disappeared from sight.
11. COMMENTS
Concur w/rating officer that sighting was caused by natural phenomena. Evaluation of object indicates sighting was astronomical, probably caused by planet Mars.

- page 1 -

The image contains an Official U.S. Air Force UFO report form, but it does not contain any photographs. The form appears to be filled out by a witness providing details about a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 February 1957
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
The light appeared very bright - the middle part to the right did not move but the middle part moved the object did not turn or tilt - but the light rotated. Inside something I could not just understand.
Cape sightings moved in between and moved to. The regular light was blinking on and off again - but the light more intense was something I could not just understand.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

PROJECT UFO FORM CONTINUED
Page 6

"My husband said to mention the sighting - so I own not know kind of we give et did not show long him that it could not be and anything so-i give in report later, so nothing to say here more than that we saw o moving night that was not to be corn from [redacted]. So there is not more here to say."

- page 3 -

The image contains an official U.S. Air Force UFO report form. There is no photograph present in this document.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show the direction the object was traveling.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
30. Have you ever seen this, or anything similar, before?
31.1 If you answered YES to question 31 - Please tell them more:
31.2 Please list their name.
32. Please give the following: NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER
33. When and to whom did you:

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an old form from Project Blue Book related to a reported UFO sighting.

Project Blue Book 1956-09-7071388-Dallas-Pennsylvania.pdf5.txt

Mr. Force UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[redacted]
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 52 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Past Mr. [redacted] stated that they were hunting in the woods near his home when he noticed a "round object hovering about 20 feet above the ground" with flashing lights. It made a "whooshing" sound as it moved and then seemed to disappear. He only watched it for a few seconds before it vanished. He was alone at the time and has not seen anything like this before or since.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Dec 1952 USAF Dallas, Pa.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document containing text.

The output of the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system on the text in the document is as follows:

November 9, 1966

UFO Investigative Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs,

I am sending you the account of a UFO sighting experienced by my husband and myself some years ago. I hope it will interest you.

I am a writer and editor, currently under contract to Doubleday in New York.

My husband is a in business in Richmond, Indiana, where our home is located.

Thank you.

Very truly yours,

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Richmond, Indiana
November 9, 1966

My experience with a UFO occurred 10 years ago, on September 15, 1956. On this day I was scheduled to address the Woman's Press Club of Indiana as its after-luncheon speaker in the French Lick-Sheraton Hotel at French Lick, Indiana. (I am a Doubleday author and frequently serve as a speaker for church, civic, and women's groups, conventions and service clubs.) Because of the distance from Richmond to French Lick, my husband and I left early in the morning. It was a very unpleasant morning, extremely dark, with pounding rain and beating winds. At daylight we were in southern Indiana, and it was there that we saw the UFO.

At the time, we were approaching Salem, Indiana. I do not know the exact time, but it was between 6 and 7 a.m. The rain was now only a misty drizzle, but the morning was wet and gray.

We came up an incline to a sort of hilltop (I do not know the exact location) which looked out over a flat area of fields and fences as I recall. My husband was driving, intent upon the road. I looked out to the left and saw, hovering over the flat area, a flying saucer!

At first I was too surprised and startled to speak at all.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an excerpt from a written UFO report. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

I stared, unable to believe my eyes, thinking I must be mistaken....but no, there it was! So I stammered to my husband, "Look out there, Quick! Do you see?...what I see?" He took one look and brought the car to a stop. We sat there on the hilltop (or rise) and stared. I said, amazed, "Why it's a Flying Saucer! It is....isn't it?" My husband, who is very conservative, answered, "Well, it certainly appears to be something like that!"

My first impression was that it looked something like a gunmetal yo-yo. It appeared to be made of two sections of dark gun-metal with an aperture between them. From this aperture, as if from windows, port-holes, or similar openings, came wisps of white smoke or vapor which seemed carried slightly to one side by the wind. The UFO was hovering, as I have described, but constantly undulating as it hovered.

(Please see amateurish drawing, attached.)

At this moment, we became aware of another car coming up behind us and my husband, hoping for another witness, leaped out and tried to flag it down. The driver, a man, gave him a scared look and sped on. Two or three other cars came from behind us (perhaps people going to work) and my husband tried to stop them, with the same results. We both shouted and pointed toward the UFO, but the passers-by sped on without looking at it. We were disappointed, but not surprised. Nobody wants to be stopped on a lonely road in the rain at the dawn's early light by a couple of excited and gesticulating strangers! (The road was lonely only at this hour, however. It is a well-traveled highway.)

At least 5 minutes passed while we watched the UFO, perhaps

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document, possibly a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

10 minutes. Then, all of a sudden, it turned on one edge, like a plate on a wall, and VANISHED!
I say "vanished" because never, in all my life, have I seen anything more so fast. My husband and I have mentioned this many times, and agree that the speed with which this object disappeared into the distance was indescribable, inconceivable, if not actually impossible!
It reminded me a little, but only a little, of the movie cartoon which shows one person chasing another up a road. Suddenly...what!....both are out of sight. But even this, which seems funny to audiences because it is such an exaggeration, would seem slow by comparison with our UFO.
As it vanished, it held the position I have mentioned, turned on one edge like a plate on a wall, or on a sideboard. We could no longer see the aperture, or the smoke (?) wisps.
More than once we have tried to estimate the size of the UFO and its distance from us. This is hard to do, since events moved so rapidly, and we can only agree that it was "quite close" to us and that it was "very, VERY large." I have read many journalistic ideas about little green men flying around in little saucer-machines, but had no such impression of this "saucer machine."
Most accounts say the witnesses were "terrified"......."transfixed with horror"........."speechless with fear"......and so on. (For a journalistic Esperanto, perhaps.) It does seem natural to feel frightened by such an "abnormal" sight, but my husband and I felt no fear whatever, nor any apprehension whatever. We didn't see any.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report discussing a UFO sighting or experience.

"little green man" or expect to see any, though of course we assumed that the craft was being piloted "by somebody." I think we both felt that it was probably some sort of military craft being tested by the United States Air Force, and publicly unannounced as such.

About its size....we agree that it was "about the size of the court house" which, in Richmond, is a mighty big court house!

When we reached French Lick I related this experience to Hortense Myers, Indianapolis INS editor, and assistant chairman of the Press Women's convention. She told me they had been asked not to publish such reports, and advised me to say nothing about it. (To tell you the truth, I don't think she believed me.)

It has been more than 10 years since then, of course, and we have read many reports about UFO experiences during this time, but have had no more such experiences ourselves. Nor have we read any accounts which described the "lumineal color" we saw, or the wisps of smoke (?) or vapor (?) emitted from the center opening. And because there is a very serious interest in investigating UFO accounts at this time, I decided to send you mine.

******

- page 10 -

The image contains a sketch of a dark, gunmetal-colored, very large craft. The center aperture appears to be a darker color, almost black. The sketch depicts what appears to be some kind of vapor or smoke emitting from the central aperture. The text states that the craft was observed near Salem, Indiana on September 15, 1956.

Craft a dark gunmetal, very large in size.
Center aperture a darker color, as if recessed, almost black. 
Wisps of something like vapor or smoke emitted from center aperture as if burning very bright.
Place: Near Salem, Indiana, September 15, 1956, soon after daylight.

- page 11 -

This image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document. The page contains text describing various "sightings" or "courses" related to unidentified aerial phenomena.

Transcribing the text from the document:

RR RJEDEN RJEDAP RJEPNG RJEPNB
DE RJEPNG 1G VALETTA
H 21924722
FM COMDR G4STM ACU SO BENTON AFSNTON PA
TO RJEDEN/COMDR ADC ENT AFB COLORADO
RJEDEN/COMDR AIR TECH INTELL CTR WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
RJEPNG/DIR OF INTELL HQ USAF USAFNDC
INFO RJEPNG/COMDR DET 3 4622ND AISS STEWART AFB NY
RJEPNG/COMDR EADF STEWART AFB NY
BT
/UNCIASS/ ADCOM 1
(1) DESCRIPTION
(A) SNOW FLAKE
(B) BASKETBALL
(C) YELLOW
(D) 1
(E) N/A
(F) FLASHES OF LIGHT SHOOTING OUT OF ALL DIRECTIONS
(G) 2 TAILS
(H) NO SOUND
(I) N/A

PAGE TWO RJEPNG 1G
(2) DESCRIPTION OF COURSES
(A) JUST SAW A LIGHT
(B) 123
(C) 2222Z STILL BEING REPORTED
(D) TO SOUTH & BACK TO THE WEST
(E) 2222Z STILL BEING REPORTED
(F) INDEFINITE
(G) MANNER OF OBSERVATION
(A) GROUND VISUAL
(B) NEG
(C) N/A

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with text and stamps.

Richmond, Indiana
UFO Investigative Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton
Ohio

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

C. E. L. F. O. ORBIT

Copyright 1938 by Leonard R. Stringfield
Vol. X Nov. 3

SUBSCRIPTION RATES
U.S.A. and Canada:
$3.00 per year
Foreign:
$3.60 per year
All back copies of the newsletter and orbit available at the cost
of 25c per copy.

The entire text of the document is as follows:

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY 17 SEPTEMBER 1956 FRANCIS FULLER CINCINNATI, OHIO

C. E. L. F. O. ORBIT
Copyright 1958 by Leonard R. Stringfield 
Vol. X
Nov. 3

SUBSCRIPTION RATES
U.S.A. and Canada: $3.00 per year
Foreign: $3.60 per year
All back copies of the newsletter and Orbit available at the cost of 25c per copy.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
21 SEPTEMBER 1956
BIRCHLEIGH, AFRICA

1956,SEPT.21-BIRCHLEIGH,AFRICA-11:30PM-LARGE SHINING SILVER-GREY SAUCER TRAVELED IN SWEEPING CIRCLES, HOVERING OVER LARGE OBJECT ON GROUND,WHICH LEFT A VAPOUR TRAIL MADE NO SOUND,SENT OUT A "FLASH" BACK THRU ITS VAPOUR TRAIL,LIKE A ROCKET-BLAST,AS IT LEFT...

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a UFO sighting event.

No Case (Information Only)
23 September 1956
Lincolnshire, England

1956, Sept. 22-Lincolnshire, England-Afternoon-A glittering Sphere hovered to 5¼ 00019 for about 1hr. during Ionph wind. The object was sighted visually & on radar. Jets failed to intercept it. Seen by thousands. Looked like glass while inside.

- page 16 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

No Case Information Only 22 September 1956 St Paul, Minnesota
CRIFO ORBIT
Copyright 1956 by Leonard H. Stringfield
November 3, 1956 Vol. 11, No. 3
When reproducing material herein for publication or other media use credit line by Crifo.
CRIFO's 32nd consecutive monthly publication Founded March 10, 1954
The one CRIFO had introduced with the July 1956 issue places this new DIRECTIVE of C.I.R.F.O. in view for use by our readers. 
Case 23-t W. Paul Sellin, Sept 22, 1956—Said the St. Paul, Minn., businessman and watchmaker, on returning home from Mendota and observing an object that crossed the sky, "It was the most amazing thing I've ever seen. The object appeared about 40 feet wide and about 15 feet thick. As it passed over my head, I observed it had a dull silver color and in the bright sun was not reflecting any light. There was no sound or smoke or trail. It flew at a tremendous speed and simply vanished." Sellin estimated the object's speed at over 1,000 mph. The object was under observation about 30 seconds. Sellin was not the only witness for several others in the area made the same observation. This is just another of the growing reports of unidentified objects. 
p. — Chmn. Comm. for Collection of Material, APFRO, "objects and phenomena are not only one type flying, but of various construction... many of these will prove to be meteors, which accounts for the differences in observed characteristics."

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

No Case Information Only 22 September 1956, Williston, North Dakota Page 10

Case 222. Williston, N. D. Sept 22, 1956 - The witness, from the Williston plane reporter, as follows: "It was just about sunset, and Mr. and Mrs. Reese had stopped to view the sunset. As they were standing there, Mr. Reese observed an object high in the sky. He called Mrs. Reese's attention to it, and she also saw it. It was low enough that they could actually see its movement, and they estimate it was around 120 miles an hour. This object appeared to be dropping straight down, hovering for a few seconds, and then taking off in a northward direction at a high rate of speed. Both Mr. and Mrs. Reese were amazed at the speed and maneuvers of this object. They watched it for several minutes until it disappeared from view. Saturday night about 7:20 o'clock Mr. Reese said he was startled by a bright light in the sky. The light appeared to be moving at a tremendous rate of speed, and at intervals it would "blink" off and on. Mr. Reese appeared to follow the course of the light until it disappeared over the horizon in a northward direction. The light was estimated to have been visible for about 30 seconds, and appeared to him to be about the size of a baseball. This light did not seem to make any sound, and Mr. Reese could not determine the altitude or speed of the object. After the light disappeared, Mr. Reese mentioned this incident to his wife, and she stated she did not observe the light, as she had been watching television at the time."

- page 18 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that describes a UFO sighting that occurred on September 24, 1956 in Yorkshire, England.

No Case (Information Only)
24 September 1956
Yorkshire, England

1956, Sept.24--Yorkshire, England--A bright round, orange sphere seen by a lighting-group. It hovered for about 5 miles, slowly going below the ridge of the hill. Seen briefly as they climbed but upon reaching summit,they could see it nowhere.(1953-1).

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a typed report containing text only.

No Case Information Only
25 September 1956
Dallas, Texas

While the object was one-quarter of the way across the sky, it appeared to be behind the trees and at that time started to move downward, appearing to go down behind the trees. As it was going down, the last thing I saw was a sharp blue-white light on the bottom of the object. It couldn't have been for more than a few seconds in this projection, beam. It couldn't have been for more than a few seconds in this projection, beam. If it had been longer I think I would have seen it again. The time we left the movie there was a car stopping on the highway, all in a great hurry, people got out and were apparently watching something in the sky. Their size were that of a pencil length, at arms length, and their movements were nervous and quick. Perhaps they could see a clearly recognizable object which from my position I could not. I cannot reach any definite conclusion as to what I saw, other than that it was not a conventional aircraft, not anything I have ever seen before. I am puzzled and cannot account for what I witnessed. If you have any comments or suggestions, I would appreciate hearing from you.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document dated September 25, 1956 about a UFO sighting in Grand Rapids, Michigan.

No Case Information Only 25 September 1956 Grand Rapids, Michigan
1956, Sept. 25-Grand Rapids, Michigan-Two tan, delta-shaped UFOS seen by pilot from his plane. Passed below him, smaller than any known plane. Not birds or balloons, he said. They traveled fast!

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1956, Sept. 26 - Yokohama, Japan - Light - Strange light seen over here a few hours before Typhoon-Harry is passing: 15,000 meters altitude: colors from ultra-violet to red-orange.

- page 22 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a text-based document from Project Blue Book, providing details about a UFO sighting report.

ECD 22252 STILL BEING REPORTED
TD TO SOUTH & BACK TO THE WEST
EC 22252 STILL BEING REPORTED
TY INDEFINITE 
MANNERS OF OBSERVATION
.. CA) GROUND VISUAL
. CB) NEG
. CC) N/A
TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING
. CA) 2245Z 1 OCT 56
. CB) RIGHT
LOCATION OF OBSERVERS)
. CA) AM 2215
IDENTIFYING INFORMATION OF ALL OBSERVERS
. CA) MR DALLAS PA DRAG LINE & STOOEL
OPERATOR CO AGE 57
PAGE THREE RJEPOG 16
. CA) WA 1/LT HALBROHH 2/LY SCOTT S/SGT HUNTER AND ADAMS A/1C TEXIDOR 
A AGE ALLOH AZZC SCHEDULE A/26 TILBY A/2B VANDERGRIET
. CA) WEATHER AND WINDS ALOFT CONDITION AT TIME AND PLACE OF SIGHTING
. CA) 2242Z SH 
. CB) SURFACE DEG kt
.. 7000 308 25
10000 339 45
16000 350 45 TO 55 
20000 229 65
30000 228 81
. CC) 3-12 COVERAGE
. CB NONE
. CG) SKY CONDITIONS WERE RELATIVELY CLEAR WHERE AS MARS WAS VISIBLE
. CG) DISPATCH Z 7396 DETACHED FROM MI6 HEADED TOWARD RADIAL MAN

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text contained in the document:

Case 235, Cincinnati, Ohio, Sept. 27, 1956--said a local businessman's wife and Northern Ohio physician and wife, saw 3 unusual objects in the sky at a time when the wife said she was first attracted to them by their motion as they approached a window. She called her husband to look. The couple said they were startled at what they saw. The couple said the objects were "round, about the size of a full moon, with a slight yellow and purple coloring. They seemed to be hovering, moving very slowly across the sky." The objects then suddenly picked up speed and disappeared. The observer said they were visible for about 30 seconds. The husband, a physician, stated he had never seen anything like this before.

- page 24 -

This document does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

"No Case Information Only   28 September 1956    Columbus, Ohio

Case 224, Columbus, Ohio, Sept. 28, 1956 - According to Columbus Division, I former member of the ground crew of a T-33 jet fighter witnessed eight cigar-shaped objects follow a T-33 at 11:20 a.m. The pilot of the T-33 was unaware of the objects. Pilot and ground crew identified the objects as aircraft, but said they were unlike anything the pilot had ever seen. They were very slow, almost hovering, and made no noise."

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with text describing a sighting.

Case 237, Norwich-Sydney Area, New York, Sept. 28, 1956. - Letter received from Mrs. John E. Swanson, All Wayne, N.Y., one of a number of witnesses who observed a large object in the sky which turned from red to green to white and then disappeared. The State Police received a number of calls from the public regarding this incident, and a search by military and civilian aircraft was made, but so far no results have been received as to what the object was or where they found it. The only information received over the radio station WINS all day.

- page 26 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page. 

Now, acting as an OCR (optical character recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

No Case (Information Only)
29 September 1958
Middlebury, Connecticut

1956, Sept. 29--2pm--Middlebury, Conn.--2 objects of white color leaving cobwebs. Whitish, luminous, size 2 of full moon, fast moving from East to West. Blue-green jets in sky, too, but NOT near Objects... (UFO Center)

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a typed document, likely an excerpt from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. The text in the document includes a list of sightings, locations, observers, and evaluations. There are several redacted sections, likely to conceal sensitive information.

3 - 14 OCTOBER 1955 SIGHTINGS

CASE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
3 Torrance, New Jersey Unidentified (PHOTO) Insufficient Data
5 Rapid City, South Dakota Unidentified Pilot Unknown
6 Springfield, Ohio Unidentified Astro (METEOR) 
7 Brattleboro, Vermont Unidentified Aircraft
9 Castle, Ariz, Herecd, California Unidentified Astro (METEOR)
10 1C M.W. of Carp Lynnie, up. New York Unidentified Data Insufficient
10 1C M.W. of Carp Lynnie, up. New York Unidentified Astro (METEOR)
11 GlLndale, New York Unidentified Insufficient Data
12 Colorado Springs, Colorado Unidentified Aircraft
13 Hobart, Iowa Unidentified Insufficient Data
14 Linsley, Jersey Unidentified Aircraft
15 Denver, Colorado Unidentified Astro (METEOR)
16 Bridgeport, New Jersey Unidentified Insufficient Data
17 Westfield, Essex, England Unidentified CCA RADAR
18 Williamsville, Essex, England Unidentified CCA RADAR
19 Branford Field, Connecticut Unidentified Multi
20 Ashtabula, Ohio Unidentified Multi
21 Castle Apb, Merced, California Unidentified Multi
22 Kirtland, Albuquerque, New Mexico Unidentified Balloon
24 Santos, California Unidentified Balloon (STARS)
25 Crane, Indiana Unidentified Balloon
26 Peirvirle, New Jersey Unidentified Insufficient Data
27 Porterville, Pennsylvania Unidentified Insufficient Data
28 Ft. Edward, New York Unidentified Other (OBSERVATION)
29 Covington, Kentucky Unidentified Other

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (*NOT CASES)

CASE LOCATION SOURCE EVALUATION
7 Torrance, New Jersey Unidentified Insufficient Data
8 Brooklyn, New York Unidentified Insufficient Data
9 Rapid City, South Dakota Unidentified Insufficient Data
10 Springfield, Ohio Unidentified Other (REFLECTION)
11 Deland, California Unidentified Insufficient Data

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

32000 250 51
(C) 3232 FT
(D) GH
(E) CONDITION 3-12 COVERAGE
(F) NONE
(S) SKY CONDITIONS WERE RELATIVELY CLEAR WHERE AS MARS WAS VISIBLE
(9) DISPATCH 2 F94C DEATEABF FROM ILG BY RANDAL MAN STRANDER
(10) AVOCA CAA WORKING 3 A/C NYCAA HAS 5 A/C IN THIS AREA
(11) SENIOR DIRECTOR MY FIRST ANALYSIS WAS THE POSSIBITY OF A WX OBSERVATION BALOON WITH LITE ATTACHED AND A CONCLUDING ANALYSIS

PAGE FOUR RJJFPDG 16
OF THIS OBJECT BEING A STAR OR PLANET BECAUSE NO CONTACT WAS MADE FROM THE AIRCRAFT SCRAMBLED AND FLYING IN THAT VICINITY AT VARIOUS ALTITUDES
IT
31/2441Z OCT RJJFPDG

82 01 951901

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text and a small sketch or drawing. The text appears to be a letter or report discussing an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

Dear Sir:

Last night at - 7:30 P.M. I came home from work and as I looked out the window I saw a strange object in the sky. It was dark in color and made no noise at all.
It moved slowly and silently at a tremendous speed I would say at least 80 miles per hour. I watched it for two or three minutes and then it disappeared behind the trees.
It was quite close and low, perhaps a couple of hundred feet above the ground. I would be interested to hear if anyone else in the area observed this object. Let me know if you have any idea what it might have been.
I reside at 406 Woodland Drive.

- page 30 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO torn

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

Yes, it went off very fast, like a rocket or jet.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?

Yes (No) Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?

Yes (No) Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

In front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Brightlike
b. Color: Brightlike

18. Could you tell the angular size? Hold a match stick or coin's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object it covers. If you had part of it covered, how much of the total object did it cover?

The object was just about half a match or 3/4 of a coin's length. About this size when it turned and went off in one second real fast.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that will help to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included showing an object with an arrow next to it.]

It seemed to turn and move off real fast, like a rocket or jet.

Text Transcription:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO torn
...
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it went off very fast, like a rocket or jet.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
In front of.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Brightlike
b. Color: Brightlike
18. Could you tell the angular size? Hold a match stick or coin's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object it covers. If you had part of it covered, how much of the total object did it cover?
The object was just about half a match or 3/4 of a coin's length. About this size when it turned and went off in one second real fast.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that will help to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch is included showing an object with an arrow next to it.]
It seemed to turn and move off real fast, like a rocket or jet.
20. Do you think you can identify the object?
(Circle One)
If you answered YES, then what do you think it was?
21. Do you think you can explain the appearance of the object?
(Circle One)
If you answered YES, then what do you think caused it?
22. Where were you located?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other
24. If you were MOVING, 
24.1 What direction - 
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 Did you stop your vehicle or craft?
24.3 Did you step or (Circle One)
25. Did you observe the object -
a. Through glasses
b. Binoculars
c. Telescope
d. Windshield

- page 31 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a filled-out form from Project Blue Book, titled "Force UFO form continued", containing various questions and responses related to a UFO sighting.

Force UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? A little faster then jet planes
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Far, seemed it was at least 50 miles away
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At home
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One): 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. East b. West c. North d. South e. Northeast f. Northwest g. Southeast h. Southwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Check all that apply) 
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other: The object seemed to pulsate and climb upward at a tremendous rate of speed changing directions as it climbed away.

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when offered up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The object appeared to be metallic in color and seemed to be floating motionless for a second or two, then it seemed to pulsate, and when it did, it climbed straight up at a tremendous rate of speed changing directions as it climbed away, it seemed to be about the size of a pea in the sky and was glowing with an orange reddish color. It seemed to observe the area very carefully before climbing out of sight.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE" form used to collect information about UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information will be used in connection with other reports to formulate conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request the personal information is that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zones:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN (in relation to you where you saw the object)?
8. If you saw the c___________, were the Stars: (Circle one)
9. What were the (Circle one)
10. The object appears:
11. If it appeared to be: (Circle one)
12. The object is the size of: (Circle one)
13. Did the object: (Circle one)

- page 33 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report form. There is no photograph present in this image, only a printed form with various questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

Text from the form:

R FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3
8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Fewer
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Partly cloudy
c. No moonlight, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to same common object: _____Brighter than 2 stars______

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
Other: _The edges or the light appear to the right in a slightly different direction_

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into smaller fragments at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 34 -

