The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a document used to record details of UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 
21 January 1956
3. DATE/HOUR 
21/0804Z
5. PHOTOS
Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 
5 SECONDS
9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object found, colored like a star. Followed a zig-zag course toward the horizon. Its length was about five times the diameter of object. Object traveled at high rate of speed and constant until it disappeared. No change in speed.
10. CONCLUSIONS
Meteor sighting. Apparent change in speed could be caused by phortic conditions conducive to distortion. Such as an inversion. Also burning appeared to be two phases, initial glow and then burning with tail.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph or image in the provided document. The document appears to be a typed text describing a UFO sighting report.

The text of the document is as follows:

Ser 773 323-6
1 FEB 1956 

From: District Intelligence Officer, SIXTH Naval District
To: Director of Naval Intelligence

Subj: Unidentified Flying Object: Report of sighting of

Ref: (a) CNI Instruction 03820.19B (NIRM 2)
(b) CNI Instruction 03820.17C (NIRM 13)

1. In accordance with the references (a) and (b), the following report is submitted:

DANLGARD on 22 January 1956, to effect coverage in accordance with reference (a) apparently reliable, had sighted an unidentified flying object on 21 January 1956 at 0920. The ship was at position 29-40N, 67-20W, or approximately 200 miles southeast of Bermuda, on true course 260°, when the sighting occurred. The object was sighted to the northeast at an altitude of 29000 feet, and its color was blue. The object was observed for about 1 minute, during which time it moved in a northerly direction. The size and color of the object indicated that its size was at least 15 miles. The wind was off the port bow at 6 knots. There was no place for collection in the area.

2. When first sighted, the object was at a 260° azimuth at a position angle of 60°. It was thought to be a "falling star" when observed at first. When observed through binoculars, it appeared to be a brightly illumined circular object, rotating and oscillating about a center. After conferring to assure continued visual observation, the object then made an abrupt change of direction and accelerated to an azimuth of 200° and disappeared about 3 seconds later at an azimuth of 342° (ship's head true). The object appeared to be round and a bright light color like a star. Its appearance did not change during the observation. The object's eccentric motion, however, was unlike that of any known astronomical object, and its long "trail" was clearly seen. This "trail" trailing the object was a pulsating light, about five times the length of the body of the object, which still appeared to be round and a star-like light color.

3. The observer hesitated to estimate the distance to the object, but said that if he had to guess he would say that it was 20 miles distant.

- page 2 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Output of the text found in the document:

Subj: Unidentified Flying Objects: Report of sighting of

away at the time it hovered. When the object departed in a northerly di-
rection, there was no visible acceleration. That is to say: it had a very
high rate of speed at the start and continued at this speed until it went
out of sight or disappeared.

4: The Second Mate is a Danish citizen, about 35 years old, and has 15
years' experience at sea. In describing the object, he likened its northern
flight to the tracks of rockets which he had seen during the war while on
patrol duty. He said the object's speed was V-2 rockets, which he had seen dur­
ing the war. His description of the object coincides with the report of the
man-made object which could be compared to this object in performance or
the ability to change its appearance from that of a falling star to that
of a rocket.

The foregoing data, including figures, was taken from the log of the
SABRINA (D4) and is submitted to the Office of Naval Intelligence for in-
formation.

A. C. HOWE, JR.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically a memo routing slip.

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: APOTR-X
INITIALS: 
REMARKS: show to hypneck

FROM NAME OR TITLE: APOTR-X
DATE: 3/5/56
TELEPHONE: 
OFFICE SYMBOL AND NUMBER: DD 1 FEB 50 95

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF NAVAL OPERATIONS
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

From: Director of Naval Intelligence
To: Director of Intelligence, U.S. Air Force
Subj: Report of sighting unidentified flying objects; forwarding of

Encl: (1) DIG 6.D ltr ser 175 of 1 Feb 56; copy of
1. Enclosure (1) is forwarded for information.

2. The DIO, SIXTH Naval District has been advised that future reports
of this nature should be forwarded directly to the nearest appropriate
U.S. Air Force activity.

E.B. ERNEST
By direction

- page 5 -

