There is no photograph present in this document. 

Here is the OCR text extracted from the document:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE:
19 October 1956

2. LOCATION
Bostonia, California

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2100 hrs (PST)

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. PHOTOS
Yes

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 - 20 min (photo exposure)

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

9. COURSE
N/A

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
In reporting given to FBI, source stated that as
part of her photography course, she fixed a
camera on the ground to get a “time-exposure” 
of the moon. Camera was left “open” for 10-20
minutes, than shutter closed. Upon development
of the film a saucer-like object was found over
a tree in the prints. Source claims she has no
knowledge how the object appeared in the film.

11. COMMENTS
Enlargements and different density reproductions
of the prints indicate that there was a
“break” in the exposure. The position of 
the moon and its track, which was shifted 
to a 45° angle from the original track, 
was the clue. Apparently a partial track 
of the moon was made; the shutter closed,
and a light fixture in a dark ceiling 
(indoors) was photographed; and an attempt 
to return the camera to its original position
was made. Evidence of “dodging” and 
“burning in” of this photography in question 
is also evident.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon 
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon

Was Aircraft 
Probably Aircraft 
Possibly Aircraft

Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical

Other Hoax

Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 25 SEP 52)
```

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR text output:

---
STATEMENT OF WITNESS
(Place)
(Date)
June 10, 1967

hereby state that
A Special Ag?nt cf the Offic for Special Investigations, 
Air Force, and that I ? ?
make the following statement without having been subject to any
coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful inducement, and without any
cromise of reward, benefit, or any immunity having been made to mi

I was in a Photography class a t

t00.0 0
out ?20 t -0
a thin e of

the moon and stars on
the patterns that on
OA Friday evening. E

19, or NOV. boon moon, 
? to take the thin ? sure, I propped
? With a rock
Set the 
in order to more monstrous tests deciding ?.
the ? 
the ? te Smear a page me ));


- page 2 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

```
STATEMENT OF ___________________________________________________ DATE_10 Jan 57

and went into the church that was near, to wait for the exposure. 
It didn't make to much difference as to how long the exposure should be, as I didn't keep track of the time. I know that it was there no shorter than ten min; and no longer than 20 min. Within this time, I went out again & cliched the camera and turned the picture for the next exposure.

S.R.H.
Page __2__ of __3__ Pages
________________________(Signature)
```

- page 3 -

The document does not include any photographs. Below is the text extracted from the document:

---

STATEMENT OF ___________________ DATE 10 Jan 57
I then took several other pictures
of the moon, and other exposures. Candles etc. that was also part of 
the project.
                        S.R.H.
I further state that I have read this entire statement, initialed 
all of the pages and corrections and signed this statement, and that it is 
correct and true, as written.

(Signature)
(Address)

Witnesses:
___________________   ___________________
(Address)             (Address)

Subscribed and sworn to before me 
This 10 day of Jan 1957
At _______________________
person authorized by law to administer oaths

Michael C. Griffen
Signature of person administering oath
ANDREW C. GRIFFEN
Typed name of person administering oath
5/19 OSI
Official character, grade, etc.

Page 3 of 3 Pages

---

- page 4 -

This page contains a drawing rather than a photograph.

Transcribed text:

```
ACTUALY PHOTOGRAPHED 

COMET 
6 ooo

LINE

SaUCER  TREE
 
Camera was tilted slightly when returned to prow

(2) Camera Removed

 (3) take into room having
dark ceiling (to match out
side). Picture in bright 
lighting taken items.

(4) Returned to exact (1) spot
shutter opened again

Lens

Breaks in fractured glass

G.
```

(Note: The text is handwritten and some words or phrases might be illegible or subject to interpretation.)

- page 5 -

There is a photograph present in the document. It appears to show a disposition form related to the review of UFO photos obtained by the FBI. 

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION (Unl anot

UNCLASSIFIED
DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO.                                                                                                           COMMENT NO. 1 TO
APOIN-4D2a

SUBJECT (U) Review of UFO Photos Obtained by FBI FROM DATE A*0/APCIN-L2A                                                
68 July 57 4AP4/Capt G.T. Gregory/wm 69216
1. Attached herewith are subject photos and a report regarding the incident.
2. Request your comment concerning the preliminary analysis made by this office, which indicates the following:

a. Source's statement that the camera was not moved does not appear valid: a stationary, time-exposure of the moon would have been shown as one continuous line. Two directions of the moon are indicated on the photograph.

b. Both enlargements show a slender-like item, above and extending outwards from the middle of the object.

c. The object resembles the glass fixtures usually found hanging from ceiling - lighting arrangements.

d. In our opinion, the shutter was tripped sometime before removal of the film, and in some room having the glass fixture. A dark-colored ceiling with a clean or frosted-glass fixture, would result in the fixture being superimposed, with any slender fixture supports and the ceiling blending into the night sky of the original exposure.

1 Incl Henry G. Miley Spot Intell Rpt w/incls HENRY G. MILEY                                                                                                                    
APCIN-424

TO ADV:L-L24 FROM: APCIN-4D2a 23 July 57 Maj, Willner Cn 2

1. The comments above are in general agreement with this additional one. The moon path appeared broken both in direction and exposure time. The moon appears as two, possibly three, separate images rather than a single wide line. This shows a lapse of time between separate exposures of possibly 2-3 minutes, a sufficient length of time for removal of the camera, a second superimposed exposure to be made, and the camera replacing to nearly its original position. If the camera had not been moved, the moon path would have appeared as an uninterrupted, wide, nearly straight line.

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. DOD DIR 5200.10

WILLIAM F. WILLNER, Major, USAF APCIN-4D2a

UNCLASSIFIED

DD FORM 96	REPLACES NME FORM 31, OCT 44, WHICH MAY BE USED FEB 50
```

- page 6 -

The page does not contain a photograph. 

Here is the OCR-transcribed text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

AFGIR   -132

SUBJECT: UFO Photographs Submitted by FBI on Miss ----
         Bostonia, California

To: Director of Special Investigations
    Headquarters USAF
    Washington 25, D. C.

1. Attached is a draft of a proposed letter to be forwarded
by your office to subject person, reflecting the results of an
analysis made by this Center on photographs originally submitted
to your organization by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Re-
ference letter from 460th District, Chula AFB, California,
dated 8 June 1956, a copy which was forwarded to this Center with
enlargements of the original prints.

2. Subject photography is highly suggestive of a hoax; how-
ever, this should not imply that the attempted hoax was necessarily
perpetrated by subject person.

3. Experience has shown that incidents of this type are often
publicized, with allegations and statements detrimental to the Air
Force, when explanations are not given to sources submitting photo-
graphy. It is, therefore, the general policy of this Center, where
possible, to provide a brief summary of our analysis to such indi-
viduals.

3 Incls
1. Proposed Ltr to ------
2. Cy, 18th Dist, OSI Ltr to Hq.
    USAF Wgost Intel Rpt & Statement
    of Witness.
3. 3 (8X10) gloss prints w/markings

When inelostare numter         2   is&e
withdrawn or r2e ~tched the classification cn, this
conten          de irs,.d to
in accordance… A ~ I, A"P,.
UNCLASSIFIED
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALE
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.1Q
```

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present on the page of the document.

OCR Text Output:

```
Miss
Bostonia, California
Dear Miss

We are in receipt of a series of photographs to the Air Force 
by the Federal Bureau of Investigations, showing what is purported 
to be an unidentified flying object. A detailed analysis, which 
included both microscopic examinations and large-size projections, 
indicates the following:

    a. The camera was moved sometime between the period the
shutter was opened and closed. This is borne out by a study of the 
moon track, which would normally be a straight, unbroken-line image. 
The track in the photographs is broken both in direction and time.
    
    b. The "missing period" can be determined by taking the 
moon's approximate diameter of 1/2 degrees, and its known time-movement 
across the sky. A plot indicates that there was a lapse of time be- 
tween exposures of 2 to 3 minutes. This would be sufficient time for 
the removal of the camera from its fixed position, after which a second 
superimposed image made, and the camera returned to its original 
position. As indicated by the broken track of the moon, the attempt 
to set the camera in its exact previous position was difficult to do.
    
    c. Your attention is invited to the line slightly above
the object. This appears to be part of a room ceiling, and is par- 
ticularly suggestive of this assumption if the line is extended outward 
to form a corner. The object, in our opinion, is a conventional light 
fixture.
```

- page 8 -

The document contains no photograph. Here is the OCR text from the document:

```
d. A further examination of the photography indicates that
a method of developing called "dodging" was used in one photograph, and
a "burning in" process around the lighted area was used in another.

We have no grounds on which to suspect a deliberate fraud towards
a Government agency; however, there appears to have been some tampering
by persons unknown with respect to the material submitted.

Your interest in reporting this matter is appreciated.

                                    Sincerely,

1 Incl

3 (Exclo) Prints w/markings
```

- page 9 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR Text Output:

Fulcrum Productions
P. O. Box 606
Morristown, N. J., U. S. A.

Lt. Col. L. J. Tacker, USAF
Public Information Div., OI
Secretary of the Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Colonel Tacker,

I am in receipt of your letter of 9 December, and the two glossy prints of the AVRO car. Thank you for these; any additional material you can send will be much appreciated, including any press release which accompanies or enlarges on these photographs and the general subject of the air car.

I understand you are not to release UFO case photos as they are returned to the owner. I find this difficult to reconcile with two distinct cases which have now come to my attention, and on which I would appreciate any comments or conclusions.

First, you note you are not familiar with the name of _li_s_s_e_ took a photograph on 16 January 1957, and it appears on page 48 of your book, clearly labeled as a hoax. I quite agree, as I pointed out in my earlier letter, although our analysis was not so complete as the Air Force one, and did not include the ceiling lines, etc. What puzzles me is how you can include this photo without even knowing the owner and, incidentally, copyright holder of the photograph. If you didn’t know this, how could the photograph be "returned to the original owner as soon as the analysis has been completed"?

My second case refers to that photograph taken by of Denville, New Jersey, and which we sent to ATIC in May 1959. To date I have received neither results of any study, nor photograph, nor anything else from ATIC or your office, and neither has Dr. Wilson. How does this fit in with your statement about photographs, which I note is repeated often in our past correspondence?

I also know of several other cases where prints taken from their owners by Air Force representatives have never been seen again. One is local; others are not. I find your current protestations, therefore, somewhat enigmatic.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

All the text found in the document:

```
1.5 December 1.950 

Dear Mr. Munsick: 

This is to acknowledge your letter of 12 December 1950 concerning 
unidentified flying objects. 

The hoax photograph on page 143 of my book entitled FLYING SAUCERS 
AND TIE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE was provided us by the Aerospace 
Technical Intelligence Center as an example of a photograph hoax avail- 
able for publication and, In line with Air Force policy, no names were 
used in connection with this photograph. The original photograph or 
negative was, of course, returned to the original owner. 

Air Force records indicate that you did submit on 23 lay 1959 the 
UFO photograph taken by Hill  * Dad . Danville, New Jersey. The 
records also show additional correspondence fro:; you on 12 June 1959 
and a letter from this office to you on 2 July 1959 as well as an 
indication that in a subsequent telephone conversation with you the 
negative of this photograph was requested for completion or the eval- 
uation. This negative has never been received. Analysis and evalua- 
tion of the photographs submitted indicate that there appear to be 
real images on the picture; however, the negative of the picture is 
needed for further analysis. 

It is customary to return photographs to the owner when requested 
or upon completion of an analysis or evaluation unless the owner indi- 
cates that the negative is in his possession and he can, therefore, 
have prints made at any time. I regret any delay occasioned by our 
failure to follow up on this matter and suggest that you submit as soon 
as possible the negative with an identifying letter or transmittal to 
ATIC for completion of the analysis. 

You refer to several other cases where prints have not been returned 
to the owners. I am sure in these$farticular instances the owner retained 
the negatives or indicated to the Air Force or ATIC that they could re- 
tain possession of the pri rjf. If this is not the case, I would appreciate 
knowing of the specific instances involved and we will make every endeavor 
to return such prints if they are wanted by the original owners. 

J Comeback OI-34 
Reeder 01-1 
```



- page 11 -

The page contains no photographs. 

Below is the extracted text from the document:

```
Ltr, 18th Dist. GOI IG USAF, Subj: "Identified Flying Object, Photographed by Miss __ ________ , Bostonia, Calif.,
on 19 Oct or 2 Nov 56

BPM (18 Jun 57) 1st Ind

HEADQUARTERS 12TH AIR DIVISION, March AFB, California - 28 June 1957

TO: Commander, Fifteenth Air Force, ATTN: Directorate of Intelligence, March AFB, California

1. Forwarded as a matter pertaining to your agency.

2. When the inclosure is withdrawn or not attached, the classification of CONFIDENTIAL on this correspondence will be cancelled IAW Para 37a, AFR 205-I.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES H. MATHEWS
Major, USAF
Asst. Adjutant

4 Incls:
n/~

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

R0710250
```

- page 12 -

The page does not contain any photographs. 

Extracted text from the document is as follows:

---------------------------------------------------------------------

3/26/61

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
U.S. Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Gentlemen:

I assure you or staff that I am writing this letter in a completely rational and logical frame of mind. I have made every possible attempt to lay aside prejudice, panic, hysterics, and over-zealousness of purpose.

I have been conducting personal investigations of VFO phenomena for two years. As yet I have not formed a definite and positive opinion as to the nature, purpose, or absolute practicalities of VFO sightings. I do not tend to form quick an opinions, for quite some time, if ever! An opinion formed about a this is controversial and sensitive to many people should not be formed with any amount of haste. The "truth" warrants unbiased and exhaustive analysis and research.

I have just read the book, Flying Saucers and the U.S. Air Force by Lieut. Colon Lawrence J. Tacker. This is a very good attempt to explain and clarify fly the "Flying Sauc up ot between June, 1947 and 1960.

(1)



- page 13 -

The page does not contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR of the text present in the document:

```
It is a very plausible piece of work
only as far as collection, analysis, and
related conclusions as to the nature
of these many UFO sightings, but
gentlemen, you are being very narrow
minded and foolish. He considers the
whole "saucer reports" as being all
neatly wrapped up; back of the 
barrel. This just isn't so.

Tell me, how can a single organi-
zation such as yours possibly whip
up in two and one-half years the an-
swer to a problem that has baffled
mankind for thousands of years? 
It is inconceivable. To think
that one has accomplished such a 
task is ridiculous. True, investigations
have to continue, but I seriously be-
lieve that to arrive at such a defi-
nite conclusion such as Capt. Ed-
Ruppelt competed in his bock that
none of the UFO sightings can poss-
ibly be visitors from space is based
largely on misconception produced by
long established conventionalism.

Let's face it, gentlemen, our pre-
sent race of man inhabiting this
planet is very primitive. Our science
has literally just began. A 50 year
old experiment is nothing compared to    
the great potential of some material
science. Unless we face up to the 
fact that we are a primitive
society in confusion with our 
```

(Note: There may be some transcription errors due to the handwritten nature of the text.)

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
greatest possible achievement is;
prejudice, self-centredness, and a
so-called sense of self pride will con-
tinue to cloud the most sincere
investigations of flying saucers of the
unknown.  This is really a  nonsensical
and mistaken approach to the problem
of the UFO.

     Let's face the evidence squarely in
the face.  Not the lightest possible
advance made can be made and
the truth cried unless rational,
logical and completely fearless and un-
afraid path be taken to establish
an irrefutable groundwork on which we
can base the answer of whether or not
intelligences from another planet
and/or other areas are visiting earth
or not.  There is a definite purpose
in the presence of the UFO? Do not
take a rosy carefully conceived exclu-
sive answer to the above questions.

         UFO detracts ignorance, suspicious
and narrow-mindedness to try and ex-
plain the majority of UFO sightings as
simply misinterpreted forms of familiar
objects caused by unusual viewing con-
ditions and circumstances to mere
remarks and misleads about these
matters.

     Why can't we accept the poss-
ibility that our planet is being
carefully surveilled by our intelligence
far superior to ours? Our modern day
science is fifty years old; another
```

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present on this page in the document.

OCR Text:

races deprived mini may be ten to thousand years old. This I mean 
many of the people is quite remarkable 
Why don't you sift the pickings you receive and face up to the real mean 
ing evidence which comes to your desk? 
To be ignorant is one thing, but to coninsue gross evidence is another, 

"Material evidence" you say you await. How many, how much of time
do you want? Surely no-one is
going to capture a UFO and brings it 
in neatly to your doorstep for you 
and I both it could see: it is impossible to accept that UFOs
are visited 

from space now on the
 evidence that your argument is 
in job and smile one is pure 
rooky. True you cannot be rational with one can be 
cooperates with repeated UFO
visits time by competent and often
skilled observers and to 
repest the sound bits of visitation 
signs in the height of your are
day you will recall relate to this 
repeated behavior.
 At this prairie, I would like 
to relate on incidence far in 1957 
respectfully sincerely I donse the U.S
Air Fore need to express some 
from of and mutual regard to the 
personal character of the persons who 
submitted the ULO sightings.


- page 16 -

### Description of Photographs
There are no photographs present on this page.

### OCR Transcription of Text
```
The family and which I am a member 
of; residing in Bostonia Calif. for 21 yrs 
RFD 257 I had never ate family 
before. had been an experience in my judgment 
to be of out standing [illegible] Highness 
majestic experience and had left a 
mark on your mind. I had known 
before or since. To show me gentlemen, 
when this Carole I am only happy to 
give free and clear large judgments 
more [illegible] to any it be my a[illegible]ties 
I was attending a family reunion 
October at the table. No week ended [illegible] 
consider It my family. during the year 
a series of times before e t bros surges 
to write to the judged I knowing the 
majestic you regard the world jopes in 
regard upon broad this however 
shal insense [illegible] midset. Well you 
can immediately cancel any natures 
or emples. selection your photo wider 
I am only [illegible] that I wasas 
samples marked washes d- 
space vehicle seeing in the immediate 
late evening of this page 

Descriptions of 1st Photograph 

Camera used Simple first type camera 
Could have window which picture was 
taken, 

Night time [illegible] time or date. Full moon, Foggy 
weather dust not too unusual 
position of camera About a 45. 
```

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the transcribed text from the document image:

```
angle from principal point toward major axis of an airframe.
Reason for position: Explained by walks and flights being apparent that
(Con't next page)
Almost in center of photo but pegs a little to the right near city definite and sharply shaped disc.
It appeared to be hovering practically about tree tops (actual height about
ground 40 to 50 feet or towards
from bottom (actual dome rose
to attic or bottom center of disc)
Outer rim of disc appeared the halth
 of table, varibly smooth. No notches
Line rim of outer rim made crescents of closer to center and top
of disc. Immediately behind disc
level chain to point distance was
a clearly black attack case of
disc had one part of upper
Upper top part convex part to
occupied by patches of snow, what is
its motion during exposure. Lower
right hand corner of photo it impaired
part top f a pepper of three new city
together closely almost exact deux
size of paved nearby buildings the
photograph was very clear and the
disc clearly vis.Lt.
Furthermore, must I stress once
again that the photograph was
genuine. I have beyond a shadow
of a doubt since I knew the
```

- page 18 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR Text Output:

finally personally and that I "okay 
Lruder but do this up sense 
totally incomprehensible report ?& some 
of such flight character. long run is 
this _ the next √ None, there are 
other many complicated Assistant 
larded to buy. An important point, 
long and fast reached, I would 
have to find it was that the flight 
near before was alone this end 
minds were both _ and spirits 
unrelated in it. be still quite easily 
recognized, the light of the _ , 
though the view of the _ quite 
souqaratuled. 

Furthermore, this family related 
to an the above two conducted 
a thorough investigation of their 
house, immediate property and sun- 
rounding buildings and informed  , 
piece of evidence could be found of any 
kind which had been left or set 
an home to the disc. thus rule out 
any possibility of reflection from 
nearby _ 
__ done failed that you 
complete in _ investigation, the 
Air __ could not come up with 
an explanation for the presence of 
their disc (UFO). immediately they 
replied all though that they had 
confronted with a fact under 
utable evidence of the existence of 
a vehicle of same sort . once again

- page 19 -

The document does not contain any photographs. 

The following is the OCR transcription of the text in the document:

"The investigators feel inferior to these objects viewing pure pictures of pride and arrogance. What is pride? That is characteristics of all humans in the types & so called spacecraft men, but always the so called astronauts, but perhaps theirs apparent disregard for the truth. How many writers have gone and discovered the secret maiden - results - no? Furthermore the Air Force would not allow Life magazine to print a full story on the UFO objects. Their point reason of course.

My contention is this gentlemen because the Air Force personal could not go without fear of fury and due to the nature of the scientific matter, the Air Force was scared to suppress any publication of the events due to the possible repercussions on this world. I have had the Air Force about previous Investigations.

To me this photo in all its ware-wrinkles surface awakened me or many people who possibly precisely from space. This only piece of evidence, the best I have was able to detect, that no matter how much ridicule & so called explanations are put forth will ever weaken or distort the fact that some space vehicle was present that"

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR Text Output:

rights. Its origin, purpose and design? Only time will answer these inquiries.
Gentlemen, I urge you to study carefully and consider the contents of this letter with a open and unbiased minds. If it is impossible for you to do so, then would you or your Office refer it and, forward it to others so that your effort, or trying to get the true facts of a serious subject, mistrust in all its worldwide consequences. An immediate reply would be greatly appreciated.
Signed by me,
An alert U.S. citizen

Return address:
[Redacted]
E S C O N D I D O, C A L I F.

- page 21 -

The image is a photograph of an envelope addressed to the "Aeronautical Technical Intelligence Center" of the U.S. Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio, USA. The envelope has a postmark from "Escondido, Calif."

OCR text output:

```
Escondido, Calif.
	
		Sept
			29AM
				1951
CALIF.

Aeropare Technical Intelligence Center 
U.S. Air Force 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 
Ohio, U.S.A.
```

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the document.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

18th Dist. OSI IG USAF, 18 Jun 57, Subj: Report of Unidentified 
Flying Object Photographed by Miss [Redacted] California, on 19 Oct or 2 Nov 56

DI
2nd Ind
Hq Fifteenth Air Force, March Air Force Base, California 08 JUL '57

TO: Commander-in-Chief, Strategic Air Command, Offutt Air Force Base,
Nebraska

1. Forwarded as a matter pertaining to your headquarters.

2. When the inclosure is withdrawn or not attached, the class-
ification of CONFIDENTIAL on this correspondence will be cancelled
IAW Par 37h, AFR 205-1.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
       [Signature]
       M. Z. THORNTON
       1st Lt  USAF
        Executive Officer
        Directorate of Intelligence

4 Incls
n/c
-------
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
```


- page 23 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. However, I will proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text contained in the document and provide the output.

COPY 9/26/61

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
U.S. Air Force 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Gentlemen:

I assure your staff that I am writing this letter in a completely rational and logical frame of mind. I have made every possible attempt to be impartial and objective, honest as to purposes.

I have been conducting a personal investigation of UFO phenomena for two years. As yet I have obtained a definite and positive opinion as to the nature, purpose, or absolute possibility of UFO sightings. I do not feel that conclusions should be formed which are not sustained by positive evidence. so-called "sightings" of UFO's by uninformed people should not be formed with any amount of haste. The "truth" warrants continued and impartial analysis and evaluation.

I have just read the book, Flying Saucers and the U.S. Air Force. This is a very good attempt to explain and simplify the "flying saucer period" between June, 1947 and 1952.

It is a very plausible piece of work only as far as collection, analysis, and conclusions as to the nature of these many UFO sightings. But gentlemen, you are being very narrow minded and foolish to conclude that conclusions such as those formed in this book represent the sum total of our knowledge.

Tell me, how can a single organization such as yours possibly wrap up an age-old enigma that has baffled mankind for thousands of years? This to me is inconceivable. To think that one organization can bring to a conclusion. This investigation has to continue, but I sincerely believe that to carry on such a definite policy, as described in this book directed from your base, is a mistake. This policy seems to be based largely on misconceptions produced by long established conventionalism.

The problem is very primitive. Our science is literally just beginning. The matter of saucers landing on this planet is very possible. Unless we face up to the fact that we are a primitive society, operating under misconceptions and errors of great magnitude, I feel certain that this whole problem will not be solved. We could be the most sincere investigators of flying saucer phenomena. But to cloud the "truth" with closed rational, logical and completely obvious approaches to the problem of the UFO.

Let's face the evidence squarely in the face. Not the slightest possible attempt should ever be made to cloud the "truth". Doesn't it seem rational, logical, and completely obvious that a definite pattern exists?

- page 24 -

The page contains a single photograph as described under the caption "Description of Photograph."

Here is the text extracted from the document:

```
-2-

has been established over these thousands of years and the frequency of
these sightings by very competent observers gives very solid support
that there is a definite purpose in the presence of the UFO's! I would
like a very carefully considered and unbiased answer to the above question.

It is utter ignorance, prejudice, and narrow-mindedness to try and
explain the majority of UFO sightings as simply misinterpretations of
familiar objects caused by unusual viewing conditions. Gentlemen, let's
be more sensible and unbiased about this whole situation.

Why can't you accept the possibility that our planet is being con-
stantly surveyed by an intelligence far superior to ours? Our modern
day science is fifty years old; another race's refined science may be
ten thousand years old. This to me and many other people is quite con-
ceivable. Why don't you stop kidding yourselves and face up to the ever
increasing evidence which comes to your desk. To be ignorant is one
thing, but to construe "obvious evidence" is another.

"Material" evidence you say you want. Gentlemen, how much evidence
do you want? Surely no one is going to capture a UFO and deliver it
nicely to your doorstep for you and the whole world to see. This is im-
possible. To accept that UFO's are visitors from space only on the con-
ditions that your organization see, feel, and smell one is pure nonsense,
Surely man cannot be that "blind." To be continually confronted with
repeated UFO observations by competent and often skilled observers and
to continually reject the possibility of visitors from space is the
height of irony. One day you will surely regret this repeated behavior.

At this point, I would like to relate an instance back in 1957
which I sincerely believe the U. S. Air Force tried to suppress knowingly
and without regard to the personal character of the persons who submitted
the UFO sighting.

The family which I am referring to lived in Bostonia, California.
In 1957 I had known the family for about ten years. In my opinion, this
family contained the highest moralistic, sincere, and honest character-
istics of any family I had known before or since. Believe me, gentlemen,
this point I would like to stress. You couldn't have found a more honest
family if you tried.

I was attending San Diego State College at the time. One weekend I
visited the family. During the visit a series of photographs were brought
to my attention. Yes, I know, the minute you hear the word photograph
fake, fraud, trick photography flash into your minds. Well, you can
immediately cancel any notions as such. The basic snapshot was not
a fake of any sort, but was a simple, innocent snapshot of a "space
vehicle" hovering in the immediate vicinity of their home.

Description of Photograph

Camera used: Simple, box-type camera.
Conditions under which picture was taken:
     Night time(don't recall exact time or date) Full moon, foggy con-
dition, but not too thick.
```

- page 25 -

This page contains a photograph. The description of the photograph is as follows:

"Almost in center of photograph, a little to the right was a very definite and sharply defined disc. It appeared to be hovering practically above tree tops (Actual height above ground not determined.) Disc viewed from bottom. A dark dome was located in bottom center of disc. Outer rim of disc appeared to be of a metallic nature. Small thin radial lines seen to extend from outer circumference of dome to outermost edge of disc. Immediately behind disc and trailing off into distance was a thin black streak as if disc had cut path through fog. Upper left-hand corner of photo occupied by part of moon caused by its motion during exposure. Lower right-hand corner of photo occupied by top of a pepper tree. Lower bottom part of photograph occupied by roof tops of several nearby buildings. The photograph was very clear and the disc clearly visible!"

The rest of the text in the document is as follows:

"Position of camera: About a 45° angle from horizontal pointed toward moon. Lens set on exposure.

Reason for picture: Experimenting with a night time exposure shot.

Context of Photo

Almost in center of photograph, a little to the right was a very definite and sharply defined disc. It appeared to be hovering practically above tree tops (Actual height above ground not determined.) Disc viewed from bottom. A dark dome was located in bottom center of disc. Outer rim of disc appeared to be of a metallic nature. Small, thin radial lines seen to extend from outer circumference of dome to outermost edge of disc. Immediately behind disc and trailing off into distance was a thin black streak as if disc had cut path through fog. Upper left-hand corner of photo occupied by part of moon caused by its motion during exposure. Lower right-hand corner of photo occupied by top of a pepper tree. Lower bottom part of photograph occupied by roof tops of several nearby buildings. The photograph was very clear and the disc clearly visible!

Gentlemen, may I stress once again that this photograph was genuine. I know beyond the shadow of a doubt since I knew the family personally and that fakery and fraudulent intentions were totally inconceivable from a family of such high character. Impossible? Not in the least. You know, there are still some honest people left in the world today. An important point about the photo which I would like to point out is that the thickness of the fog was of a very thin and misty nature making any object unearthed in it still quite easily recognized. The light of the moon making the vicinity of the disc quite illuminated.

Furthermore, the family related to me that the Air Force conducted a thorough investigation of their house, immediate property, and surrounding buildings and not one piece of evidence could be found of any object which had the slightest resemblance to the disc. This ruled out any possibility of reflections from nearby objects.

I was also told that upon completion of the investigation, the Air Force could not come up with an explanation for the presence of the disc (UFO). Immediately they called the photograph false! Confronted with almost undisputable evidence of the existence of a vehicle of some sort, once again, the investigators fell victim to those age old enemies of prejudice, self-pride and arrogance.

What a pity that such characteristics still remain in the minds of so-called educated men. They aren’t showing their skilled ability, but rather their apparent disregard for the "truth." How many "truths" have gone undiscovered due to such narrow mindedness?

Furthermore the Air Force would not allow Life magazine to print a full story on the photograph. For obvious reasons, of course.

My contention is this, gentlemen. Because the photograph was so real and had no evidence of fakery and due to the nature of the subject"

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

The OCR transcribed text of the document is as follows:

```
matter,  the Air Force was forced to suppress any publication of the evi- dence, due to the possible repercussions which would be thrown back on the Air Force about previous investigations.

To me, this photo, in all its unretouched surface awakened me and many people to the possibility of visitors from space. This is one piece of evidence, the best I have ever seen to date, that no matter how much ridicule or so-called explanations are put forth will ever weaken or destroy the fact that some "space vehicle" was present that night. Its origin, purpose and design? Only time will unravel the answers.

Gentlemen, I urge you to study, evaluate, and consider the contents of this letter with open and unbiased minds. It is imperative that you do so; for then and only then can your staff prove to me and thousands of other people that your efforts are trully for the sole purpose of showing forth "truth" in all its wonderful consequences. An immediate reply would be greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

An alert U. S. citizen.

Return Address:
Escondido, Calif

```

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR output of the text in the document:

```
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
TD-E

TD-E/Major Friend/w/69216
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena

17 OCT 1961

Hq USAF (SAFOS-3e - Major Coleman)

1. Reference the attached letter to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center from 431 North Juniper Street, Escondido, California, dated 26 Sep 61, discussing the USAF Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Program.

2. It is the FTD opinion that individuals who don't have the courtesy to give their names do not deserve a reply. However, if you plan to answer this letter it is suggested that the following points be considered for inclusion in your letter:

a. The writer indicates that he or she has not made up his or her mind concerning UFO's, but the entire tone of the letter is that of a believer.

b. The writer accuses the USAF of feeling that the UFO problem is completely solved and expresses wonder that the Air Force feels it is competent to do the job. The Air Force feels certain of two important points, (1) that UFO's do not constitute a threat to national security and (2) that all of the UFO's which have been reported to the Air Force to date can be explained as due to what can be termed natural causes. Further the writer should be made aware of the fact that the Air Force does not work on the problem alone but solicits the aid of other Government agencies, industry, educational institutions, or private scientists as the needs of any specific sighting dictate.

c. It should be pointed out to the writer that the Air Force is completely open minded and considers each case with the same care and attention and without preconceived notions of its outcome.

d. The writer indicates that a so-called pattern has been established by UFO's, and this is evidence that they are probably interplanetary space vehicles here for a specific purpose. This same approach is used to attack the Air Force position that to date no evidence is available which would indicate that UFO's are interplanetary space vehicles, and that they are probably due, for the most part, to the misinterpretation of natural objects. It should be pointed out to the writer that one of the most consistent factors in nature is the adherence to pattern.

COORDINATION: TD-E

/s/ Robert J. Friend
Major Robert J. Friend
DATE 17 Oct 61
```

- page 28 -

The image does not contain a photograph.

OCR Text Output:

3. The case which is referenced in the attached letter is probably that which reportedly occurred in Bostonia, California, 19 Oct 56. Miss [REDACTED] while attempting to take a time exposure of the moon, allegedly inadvertently obtained a photograph of a UFO (attachment). The photograph was determined by FTD to be a double exposure, the two images being a timed exposure of the moon and an exposure of a light fixture. Further evidence to support this conclusion is that if this was a fast-moving object as reported, it would show as a blurred streak on a time-exposed film. Further evidence that this photo was faked is the fact that there are two traces of the moon, indicating that the exposure of this light fixture occurred between two exposures of the moon.

4. The USAF did not directly accuse Miss [REDACTED] of attempting to perpetuate a hoax, but she was notified by letter that the Air Force was aware that the picture was a double exposure and that there were other indications that the film had been tampered with.

(Signed)
EDWARD B. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

2 Atchs
1 Ltr fm Escondido, Calif, dtd
25 Sep 61.
2 Two photos of a UFO.

- page 29 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

OCR text output from the document:

```
    3. The case which is referenced in the attached letter is probably that
       which reportedly occurred in Bostonia, California, 19 Oct 56. Miss
       __________ ________, daughter of ___________ ________, while attempting
       to take a time exposure of the moon, allegedly inadvertently obtained a
       photograph of a UFO (attachment). The photograph was determined by FTD
       to be a double exposure, the two images being a time exposure of the
       moon and an exposure of a light fixture. Further evidence to support
       this conclusion is that if this was a fast-moving object as reported, it
       would show as a blurred streak on a time-exposed film. Further evidence 
       that this photo was faked is the fact that there are two traces of the 
       moon, indicating that the exposure of the light fixture occurred between
       two exposures of the moon.

     4. The USAF did not directly accuse Miss ________ of attempting to perpetuate
        a hoax, but she was notified by letter that the Air Force was aware that
        the picture was a double exposure and that there were other indications
        that the film had been tampered with.

                      EDWARD L. VEIT                     
                      Colonel, USAF     
                      Deputy for Science  
                      and Components

                                 

                      2 Atcis

                     1 Ltr fn Escondido, Calif, dtd 
                     26 Sep 61. 
                     2 Two photos of a UFO.

                                     2
```

- page 30 -

This page does not contain a photograph. Instead, it appears to be a handwritten note. Below is the extracted text from the document:

```
This case includes fourteen (14)
8" x10" photographs and eight (8)
8" x10" negatives.
```

- page 31 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

**OCR Text Output:**

```
                HEADQUARTERS
          FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
          AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
               UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
      WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO
                    
                                           17 OCT 1961
REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 

TD-E/Major Friend

SUBJECT: 

Unidentified Aerial Phenomena

TO: 

                            Hq USAF (SAF02-3c - Major Coleman)
                            
           1. Reference the attached letter to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence
               Center from                      Escondido, California, dated 26 Sep 
               61, discussing the USAF Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Program.

           2. It is the FTD opinion that individuals who don't have the courtesy to 
               give their names do not deserve a reply.  However, if you plan to answer
               this letter it is suggested that the following points be considered for
               inclusion in your letter:

                a. The writer indicates that he or she has not made up his or her
                mind concerning UFO's, but the entire tone of the letter is that of a
                believer.

                b. The writer accuses the USAF of feeling that the UFO problem is
                completely solved and expresses wonder that the Air Force feels it is
                competent to do the job. The Air Force feels certain of two important
                points, (1) that UFO's do not constitute a threat to national security
                and (2) that all of the UFO's which have been reported to the Air Force
                to date can be explained as due to what can be termed natural causes.
                Further the writer should be made aware of the fact that the Air Force
                does not work on the problem alone but solicits the aid of other Govern-
                ment agencies, industry, educational institutions, or private scientists
                as the needs of any specific sighting dictate.

                c. It should be pointed out to the writer that the Air Force is com-
                pletely open minded and considers each case with the same care and atten-
                tion and without preconceived notions of its outcome.

                d. The writer indicates that a so-called pattern has been established
                by UFO's, and this is evidence that they are probably interplanetary space
                vehicles here for a specific purpose. This same approach is used to attack
                the Air Force position that to date no evidence is available which would
                indicate that UFO's are interplanetary space vehicles, and that they are
                probably due, for the most part, to the misinterpretation of natural ob-
                jects. It should be pointed out to the writer that one of the most consis-
                tent factors in nature is the adherence to pattern.
```


- page 32 -

The image appears to contain a page from a UFO report document related to Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

(U) Review of UFO Photos Obtained by FBI

AFOIN-4

AFOIN-4X2

AFOIN-4X2E

AFOIN-4X3

AFOIN-4X4

AFOIN-4X5

AFOIN-4B
FILE CLASSIFICATION

8 July 57

Msg/Capt C.T. Gregory/wm
GSIG

Attached herewith are subject photos and a report regarding the incident.

Request your comment concerning the preliminary analysis made by this office, the following:

a. Source's statement that the camera was not moved does not appear to correspond to the time-exposure of the moon, which could have been shown as one continuous line. Two directions of the moon are indicated on the photograph.

b. Both enlargements show a slender-like item, above and extending outwards from the object.

c. The object resembles the glass fixtures usually found hanging from ceiling.

d. In our opinion, the shutter was tripped sometime before removal of the camera lens, a dark-colored calling with a vented-glass fixture, would result in the picture being exposed, being a type not exposed, a slender first supports and the ceiling blending into the night sky or original exposure.

Harry T. Milly
AFOIN-4B

CONFIDENTIAL

- page 33 -

The provided page contains no photographs.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text in the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED
18th Dist. OSI IG USAF, 18 Jun 56, Subj: Report of Unidentified
Flying Object Photographed by Missa
                          , California, on 19 Oct or 2 Nov 56

DING                         3rd Ind                          2  0 JUL 1957

Headquarters Strategic Air Command, Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska

TO:  Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Headquarters USAF,
     Washington 25, D. C.

1.  Although not in accordance with paragraph 7, AFR 200-2, this 
    correspondence is being forwarded as a matter of expediency.

2.  This headquarters is directing resubmission by the originator 
    in accordance with the provisions of the above cited regulation.

3.  This indorsement does not contain classified information.

                                FOR THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF:

4 Incls                         [Signature]
n/c                             KENNETH G. HERBERT
                                Lt Col, USAF
                                Aetg Chief, Collection Div
                                Directorate of Intelligence


DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

SAC Admin Control No. C-7.2?.3...........

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 34 -

The document contains no photograph.

OCR Text Output:

20th Dist. OSI IG USAF, 18 Jun 57, Subj: Report of Unidentified
Flying Object Photographed by
Street, Bostonia, California, on 19 Oct or 2 Nov 56

DI 2nd Ind

Hq Fifteenth Air Force, March Air Force Base, California 08 JUL'57

TO: Commander-in-Chief, Strategic Air Command, Offutt Air Force Base,
Nebraska

1. Forwarded as a matter pertaining to your headquarters.

2. When the enclosure is withdrawn or not attached, the class
ification of CONFIDENTIAL on this correspondence will be canceled
IAW Par 37b, AFR 205-1.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

4 lncIs

n/c

M. Z. HERINGTON 1st Lt., USAF Executive Officer Directorate of Intelligence

- page 35 -

The provided document image does not contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR-transcribed text from the document:

```
10th Dist. OSI IG USAF, 18 Jun 56, Subj: Report of Unidentified Flying Object Photographed by Miss____ Street, Bostonia, California, on 19 Oct or 2 Nov 56

DINC
3rd Ind
Headquarters Strategic Air Command, Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska

2 0 JUL 1957

TO: Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Headquarters USAF, Washington 25, D. C.

1. Although not in accordance with paragraph 7, AFR 200-2, this correspondence is being forwarded as a matter of expediency.

2. This headquarters is directing resubmission by the originator in accordance with the provisions of the above cited regulation.

3. This indorsement does not contain classified information.

FOR THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF;

KENNETH G. HERBST
Lt Col., USAF 
Actg Chief, Collection Div
Directorate of Intelligence

4 Incls
n/c
```

- page 36 -

The page contains no photographs. 

Here is the OCR text output from the document:

```
CONFIDENTIAL 

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object photographed by Miss 
Bostonia, California, on 19 October or 2 November 1956.

SPECIAL INQUIRY

To: Director of Special Investigations Headquarters United States Air Force Washington 25, D.C.

1. SYNOPSIS: On 19 October or 2 November 19568, Miss 
made a time exposure of the moon at about 2100 hours from the yard in front of her father's church using the first of a new roll of film. This requirement was part of a class project of her photography course in school. Subsequently, the roll of film was completely used up, when the Photography Lab in her school became available to her, she developed the film and made prints at which time an unidentified object was observed on one of the prints. This object has the general appearance of a chandelier or some light fixture. Miss can offer no explanation of how it comes to be in the photograph.

2. DETAILS: On 7 June 1957 at approximately 1545 hours, an agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, San Diego Division, delivered four photographs to this Detachment states that these had been obtained by him during the course of an interview with Miss at 362 South First Street, Bostonia, California. The FBI has no further interest in the matter at this time.

3. On 10 June, Miss, a seventeen year old junior at E. Cajon Valley High School, was interviewed by Special Agent ALBERT C. ORTH and stated that as a part of her photography couse she was required to make a time exposure of the moon and stars during the hours of darkness in order to observe their

CONFIDENTIAL 
T-57-17465
```

- page 37 -

There are no photographs present in the provided page.

Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

```
1D 2k. 1i 18th Dist OSI (IB) USAF, subj: Report of Unidentified 
Flying Object photographed by Miss XXXXXXX XXXXXX, XXXXXX XXX 
Street, Bostonia, California, on 12 October 1956 or 2 November 1956 

appearance on film XXXXXXX chose a ni ht when the moon was full 
and to the best of her recollection the photograph was taken either
12 October or 2 November 1956, sometime between 2100 hours and 
2130 hours XXXXXX the camera was placed on the ground in the yard in 
front of her faXXXXXXXXter, pastor of the 
church located at XXXXXX XXXXXX Street, Bostonia, California), the 
camera was propped up by a rock so that the lens pointed directly 
at the moon at an angle of approximately 60 degrees from the horizon- 
tal. The shutter was placed in the "time exposure" posi- in that 
position for a period of 10 to 20 minutes. XXXXXX stated the 
camera was in exactly the same position when cel and found it as when 
she left it. The miss and he film was in the roll of plus 
x, the balance of the was turned out during; avation week; which 
time the roll was removed from the camera. XXXXXXX XXXXXX stated that 
she did not develop any negatives nor roll of film unt 5 June 1957 
with XXXXXX XXXXXXX allung her turn to use the facilities available to 
her at school. 

4. Description of the camera follows: 

Nomenclature: AGFA, Model B-2 (box camera) 
Size of Camera: 3 3/4 wide, 6" high, 5 long 
Lens: Fixed (non adjustable) 
Shutter Speed: Fixed (non adjustable) 
Shutter opening: Fixed (non adjustable) 

5. XXXXXXX advised that she maintained no written record of 
the processing of the film, other that she had developed and printed 
the film herself and from memory provided the following data: 
Type of Film: Kodak, Panotomic X 
XTemperature of Chemicals used: 750 
Type of developer: Dektol 
Developing Time: 15 minutes 
Acid Fix Time: 15 minutes 
Rinse time (water): 2 1/2 hours 
Drying Time: 24 hours 

XXXXX stated that when she developed this photograph she assumed 
that the object appearing on the n tive was a spot or watermark. 
that the ends a contact mark on the prent paper, at which time a male fellow 
student observed the print and remarked, "it pictures of a 
flying saucer" XXX first analyXXX she did not believe it at 
first, but further examination by the class and by the instructor 
convinced her that an object of some kind other than a water mark
```


- page 38 -

The page contains no photographs. 

The document text reads as follows:

```
CONFIDENTIAL

HQ 26: Big 15th Dist OSI (TI) Tml, dq prompted Report of Unidentified
Flying Object photographed by Miss ____, _____ Street, Bostonia, California, on 19 October 1956 or 2 November 1956
was concerned. Endorsements were made by Miss ____. Upon the advice of her instructor and her father, Miss ____ notified the FBI, San Diego Division.

6. The negative in question was obtained from Miss ____ and is attached. A contact print described above and three enlargements of the unidentified flying object are attached.

7. Upon conclusion of the interview and in the presence of her mother, ____, executed a signed, sworn statement, recapitulated below: ____ is in a photography class at El Cajon Valley High School. The instructor, ____, has required a project involving a time exposure of the moon and stars, to allow students to observe the pattern they make on film. Miss ____ exposed a film for about 10 or 20 minutes on the night of the full moon, either 19 October or 2 November 1956. Camera was placed on ground in yard of her father's church, 1260 Clarendon Street, Bostonia, in such a manner as to include a paper street. Other pictures were taken of the moon, candles, etc., that was also part of the project.

The original of this statement is retained in the files of Headquarters, OSI KTC.

8. On 10 June 1957, S/A Griffith examined the front yard of the c. =e church and no vtooas., altiratch., hardships, or any other object was observed other than the church building itself, and the trees that e! visible in the lover rht hand comet of the photograph. These trees are approximately 10 feet in height and approximately 20 feet south-east of the spot on which the camera was placed.

9. On 10 June 1957,, . art and photography,
Instructor at El Cajon Valley High School, interviewed in his office by SUA Griffith, advised that he is familiar with the photograph and admitted that even though he is quite skeptical about flying llamas, his examination of Miss ____ negative failed, in his opinion, to reveal any indication of of cools exposure or alternative. ____ stated that Miss ____ certainly is not the type of person who would attempt to deceive anyone because she is intellectually serious minded, piaster, and shows reproach as to character and integrity. ____ further stated that he is not an expert in the field of photography and although the object in question resembles an electric hit filatura he could offer no explanation as to how the object may have appeared in the film or the camera, nor how it could have been placed there unknown to Miss ____. He attributes the lapse in between phot positive 4 sloped and developaja and printing of if to the fact that it was necessary for Miss ____ to await her turn to use the facilities of the school photo lab.

2. CONFIDENTIAL
```

- page 39 -

There are no photographs present on the page.

OCR text output:
```
CONFIUEKTIAD

Hep 29- To 13th Diet OSI (TI) 1epoi't of U^idetitified
Flying Object photographed by — (U) on V, ovember 1956
jt reetr, Bostonia, California, oa 19 Octo& er lO,Oc oi’ 2 November 1956

10. Mhs . , stated that she wishes to retain possession
of the negative on which the unidentified flying- object appears and
requests that it be returned to her at the earliest practicable
date.

11. On 10 June 1957, the Reverend KOAG interviewed at his
church by SA (r e v i s e d that his dau^-hter'uhad, in fact ,
taken a photograph^.^ a thin, silvery appearing object that
looked like a flying saucer". The Reverend stated it is his
firm belief that the attached is the beach the
object looks like a inverted chandelier. The Reverend though the 
object observed the Saucer and would then have 
a redtta flying saucer or other object soaring. That
ever in search of in- . " object was observed re-
The Reverend ah he bed with numbers i observed ca--
haps indicated that he ne'er saw any Flying object vfessae provi-
dence he stated with is o f flying saucer or any other
flying object than

12. ACTIOH: response to this Adj^ty this
received and i;o action was taken n District off iee.

13. This correspondence is classified in accordance with
paragraph 30c(2)(h), AHS 205-1.


1. Incls 

Negative
Contact print
• Statements
4. statement, ' of 

TAUL H.ChSHS
Colonel, USAF
District Commander

Copies furnished: 
AIP' Technical Intelii-ence Center
Uli.tParterson AFB, Ohio 
Attn! ATTIA-2C-2
```

- page 40 -

The page contains a photograph; it appears to be of a document.

Here is the text from the document:

```
ROUTING AND TRANSMITTAL SLIP
_________

APOIN-4

APOIN-4X2

APOIN-4X2b

APOIN-4X3

APOIN-4X4

APOIN-4CX2

APOIN-4CX3

APOIN-4CX4

APOIN-4B

AFPNG46

FB 1961

APOIN-4CB

_________________

FILE CLASS 69 OFFICIAL FILE 69 (. OFFICE OF RED

9 AUG 1957

SUBJECT: UFO Photographs Submitted by FBI on Miss _____________,
Bostonia, California

Director of Special Investigations
Headquarters USAF
Washington 25, D. C.

1. Attached is a draft of a proposed letter to be forwarded by your office to subject person, reflecting the results of an analysis made by this Center on photographs originally submitted to your organization by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Reference latter from 18th OSI District, Cheli AFB, California, dated 13 June 1957, a copy which was forwarded to this Center with enlargements of the original prints.

2. Subject photography is highly suggestive of a hoax; however, this should not imply that the attempted hoax was necessarily perpetrated by subject person.

3. Experience has shown that incidents of this type are often publicized, with allegations and statements detrimental to the Air Force, when explanations are not given to sources submitting photographs. It is, therefore, the general policy of this Center, whenever possible, to provide a brief summary of our analysis to such individuals.

FOR THE COMMANDER

                          T. J. CONNAIR, JR.
                          MAJOR, USAF,
                          Adjutant

1. Proposed Ltr to Miss___________
2. Cpr, 18th Dist. OSI Ltr to Hqs
3. AF TWX w/spot, Intel Rpt & Statement
4. Original photos w/enlargements
5. 3 (so oox) gloss r rints w/ar sends  

                   ACN-4E
When enclosure number(s)_____ is/are withdrawn, do not declassify the classification on this correspondence which is___________ildes______. In accordance w P/CE, AFR, ISM

                    _________________

AF FORM 112 (REV 20 FEB 58) ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET                     9

```


- page 41 -

This page does not contain any photographs. 

Here is the OCR transcription of the text present in the document:

---

Miss [Redacted]  
Bostonia, California  

Dear Miss [Redacted],  

We are in receipt of a series of photographs to the Air Force by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, showing what is purported to be an unidentified flying object. A detailed analysis, which included both microscopic examinations and large-size projections, indicate the following:

a. The camera was moved sometime between the period the shutter was opened and closed. This is borne out by a study of the moon track, which would normally be a straight, unbroken-line image. The track in the photographs is broken both in direction and time.

b. The "missing period" can be determined by taking the moon's approximate diameter of 1/2 degree, and its known time-movement across the sky. A plot indicates that there was a lapse of time between exposures of 2 to 3 minutes. This would be sufficient time for the removal of the camera from its fixed position, after which a second superimposed image made, and the camera returned to its original position. As indicated by the broken track of the moon, the attempt to set the camera in its exact previous position was difficult to do.

c. Your attention is invited to the line slightly above the object. This appears to be part of a room ceiling, and is particularly suggestive of this assumption if a line is extended outward to form a corner. The object, in our opinion, is a conventional light fixture.

---

- page 42 -

This page does not contain a photograph. 

OCR text extraction:

---
d. A further examination of the photography indicates that a method of developing called “dodging” was used in one photograph, and a "burning in” process around the lighted area was used in another.

We have no grounds on which to suspect a deliberate fraud towards a Government agency; however, there appears to have been some tampering by persons unknown with respect to the material submitted.

Your interest in reporting this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,
  
1 Incl
  
3 (8x10) Prints w/markings

- page 43 -

There is no photograph present in this document.

The text transcribed from the document is as follows:

```
STATEMENT OF WITNESS

_______ _______ ____ __ (date)
June 10, 1957
(Date)
I, _______________ _______, hereby state that ______ ______ ______ ______ identified himself to me as a Special Agent of the Office of Special Investigations, United States Air Force, and that I do ______ hereby voluntarily and of my own free will make the following statement without having been subjected to any coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful inducements, and without any promise of reward, benefit, or any immunity having been made to me:
Andrew C. Griffin _______ identified himself to me as a S.R.H. ______ ______ _____ ______ Valley of High School ____ gave us a project, stating ______ instructors gave us a project, stating that we were to take a tim ex poseure ______ of the moon and stars co we could know the pattern that they make on film.    
On a Friday evening, either on Oct. 19, or Nov. 2, (I’m not quite sure), during a full moon. I took my came ea out to take the time ex posing, I propped up the camera with a rock, and ____ the camera facing the moon. … in order to make the picture more interesting, I decided to take in part ___ of the t S.R.H. hat was also on the act, after the camera was ready, I finished out the time reeeu !

(Page 1 of 3 pages)
(Signature)
```

- page 44 -

There is no photograph present in this document. 

Here is all the text from the document:

```
UNCLASSIFIED

DISTRICT COMMANDER
18th District Office (IG) USAF
Haywood Air Force Depot
Cheli Air Force Station
Maywood, California

13D 24-0

SUBJECT: Reports of Unidentified Flying Objects Photographed by Miss
California, on 19 October or 2 November 1956.

SPECIAL INQUIRY

TO: Director of Special Investigations
    Headquarters USAF
    Washington 25, D. C.

1. Attached hereto as Inclosure 1 is a Spot Intelligence Report prepared by the San Diego Detachment concerning the above subject.

2. Attached as Inclosure 2 to this letter is an enlargement of one of the photographs furnished by HQAC. Your attention is invited to the lighted object in the upper right hand corner of the photograph. According to the photo technician assigned to this office, the method of developing by that is described as "dodging." Whereas in Inclosure 2 the lighted appearance was achieved by "burning in." The overall exposure in the Inclosure 2 was about two seconds with an additional 1½ seconds of "burning in" around the lighted area. No further action is contemplated by this office and it is requested that the negative furnished to Inclosure 1 be returned to this office when it has served its purpose for further transmittal to Miss
.

3. This letter is classified CONFIDENTIAL pursuant to authority contained in paragraph 3e, AFR 205-1.

             . V
             Lt Colonel, USAF
             For and in the absence of
             PAUL E. COSWS
             Colonel, USAF
             District Commander

2 Incls
1. Spot Intel Rpt (dup)
2. Enlargt of Photo

DOWNGRADED AT 3 Technical Intelligence Center
DECLASSIFIED WPAFB, Dayton 2A, Ohio
DOI: Attch w/3 cldn1r/26/  Indeed 3

ce:  C ondr, March AFB, California

UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 45 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text found in the document:

```
and went into the church, that was near, to wait for the exposure.
It didn’t make too much difference as to how long the exposure should be, as I didn’t keep tracks of the time. I knew that it was then no shorter than ten mins and no longer than 20 mins within this time, I went out again & clicked the camera and turned the picture for the next exposure.

Page 2 of _3 Pages
 
(Signature)
```

- page 46 -

This document contains a photograph of a typewritten and handwritten page containing a statement. Here's the OCR transcription of the text:

```
STATEMENT OF _______________ DATE 10 Jan 57

I then took several other pictures of the moon, and other exposures of candles etc., that was also part of the project.

S.R.H.

I further state that I have read this entire statement, initialed all of the pages and corrections and signed this statement, and that it is correct and true, as written.

__________________________ (Signature) _______________
_________________________ (Address)

Subscribed and sworn to before me
This 10 day of Jan 1957
person authorized by law to administer oaths:
Michael A. Cazin
Signature of person administering oath
Andrew C. Green
Typed name of person administering oath
19 081
Official character, grade, etc.

Page 3 of 3 Pages
```

- page 47 -

There is no photograph present in the document.

Extracted text:

```plaintext
STATEMENT OF WITNESS

(Place)

June 10, 1967
(Date)

I, hereby state that I identified himself to me as a Special Agent of the Office of Special Investigations, United States Air Force, and that I do hereby voluntarily and of my own free will make the following statement without having been subject to any coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful inducements, and without any promise of reward, benefit, or any immunity having been made to me.

I am in a photography class at S.R.H. High School. Our instructor gave us a project, stating that we were to take pictures of the moon and stars as we would know the pattern that they make on the film. On a Friday evening, either on Oct. 19 or Nov. 2, (I'm not quite sure), during a full moon, I took my camera out to take the time exposure. I propped up the camera with a rock, and I set the camera facing the moon. 

In order to make the pictures more interesting, I decided to take in part of the pepper tree that are also on the lot. After the camera was ready, I pulled out the timer and

Page 1 of 3 page                                                                                  
HQ47UF29 M621 348
```

- page 48 -

This page does not contain a photograph. 

Here is the transcribed text from the document:

```
STATEMENT OF______________________________________________________ DATE__10 Jan '57 and must into the church, that was near, to wait for the exposure. It didn't make to much difference as to how long the exposure should be, so I didn't keep tracks of the time. I know that it was there nor shorter than ten mins and, no longer than 20 mins. Within this time, I went out again & clicked the camera and turned the picture for the next exposure.

S.R.H.

Page 2 of 3 Pages S.R.H.
(Signature)

M621 348
```

- page 49 -

There are no photographs present on this page.

Here is the OCR output of all the text found in the document:

```
STATEMENT________ DATE 10 Jan 57

I then took several other pictures of the moon, and others ipowers of candiies etc, *that was also part of the project.

S.R.H.

I further state that I have read this entire statement, initialed all of the pages and corrections and signed this statement, and that it is correct and true, as written.

(Signature) _____________

(Address)_______________

Witnesses:
_____ ___________

EL Copfi

(Address) ___________

Subscribed and sworn to before me 
This 10 day of Jan, 1957 at 1221 Cleentontown person authorized by law to administer 

oath:
Elam C. Zap Franklin 
Signature of person administering oath 

(Official character, grade, etc.)

Page 3 of 3 Pages

M621 348
```

- page 50 -

The page contains a photograph of a handwritten witness statement on an official form. Below is the extracted text using OCR:

```
STATEMENT OF WITNESS
(Place)

June 10, 1952
(Date)

I, ____________ [(redacted)] ____________, hereby state that,
__________ [(redacted)] ____________, identified himself to me as a
Special Agent of the Office of Special Investigations, United States
Air Force, and that I so hereby voluntarily and of my own free will
make the following statement without being subject to any 
coercion, unlawful influence or unlawful inducements, and without any
promise of reward, benefit, or any leniency having been made to me.
________________________ [(redacted)] ________________________.

I am in a Photography class at ________ (redacted) Valley ________ (redacted) High School. My _______ (redacted)
our instructor gave us a project, stating
that we were to take a time exposure
of the moon and stars so we would have
the pattern that they make on film.
On a Friday evening either on Oct.
19, or Nov. 2 (I'm not quite sure), during
a full moon, I took my _____________ camera
out to take the time exposure. I propped
up the camera with a rock and
I set the camera facing the moon.

In order to make the picture more in-
teresting, I decided to take in part of
the perspective that are also on
the spot after the camera was ready.
I pulled out the time ______ (redacted) ________.

Page ____ of 3 Page
Signature _____ [(redacted)] ____
```

- page 51 -

There is no photograph present on the page provided.

Here is the OCR transcribed text from the document:

---

SANTENI C___________ DATE. 10 Jan 57

and went into the church, that was near, to wait for the exposure. It didn't make to much difference 

as to haw long the exposure should be, so I didn't keep track of the time. I know that it was there no shorter than ten min and no longer than 20 min. Within this time, I went out again & clicked the camera and turned the picture for the next exposure.

S.R.H.

Page. 2 of 3 Pager.

Signature

---

Note: Some text is obscured/redacted.

- page 52 -

There is no photograph present on this page.

Below is the OCR transcription of the document:

---

STATEMENT DATE 10 Jun 57 

I then took several other pictures of the moon, and other exposures of candlles etc., that was also part of the project.

S.R.H.

I further state that I have read this entire statement, initialed all of the pages, and corrections and signed this statement, and that it is correct and true, as written.

(Signature)
(Address)

Witnesses:
(Signature)
(Address) C. Cagfin
(Address)

Subscribed and sworn to before me This 10 day of Jun 1957 at 1276 Cleveland St, xxxx person authorized by law to administer oaths.

(Signed) Andrew C. Griffin Signature of Person administering oath

ANDREW C. GRIFFIN
Typed name of Person administering oath
5/19/051
Official character, grade, etc.

Page 3 of 3Pages

---

Note: Some text might be unreadable due to the quality of the scanned document.

- page 53 -

The document contains a photograph showing what appears to be a light or object in the sky. The image is black and white and seems to depict a bright, oval-shaped or elliptical object.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
data/scanned/1950s_scanned/1956-10-7072175-Bostonia-California.pdf54.txt
```

- page 54 -

This page from the document includes a photograph showing what appears to be a bright, indistinct object accompanied by handwritten annotations with arrows pointing to various features of the object.

OCR Text:
***
Calling on slender rod?

Come on s cooper
***

- page 55 -

The page contains a photograph located in the bottom half of the document. 

The OCR text from the document is as follows:

```
UNCLASSIFIED 
Department of the Air Force 
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
Washington 

The Inspector General USAF 
DISTRICT OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS 
Cheif AF Station. Box 30, Heywood, Calif. 

SPOT INTELLIGENCE REPORT 

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object photographed 
by M - 
Bostonia, California, on 19 October or 2 November 
1956. 
SPECIAL INQUIRY 


TO: Director of Special Investigations: 
Headquarters United States Air force 
Washington 25, D.C. 
1. SYNOPSIS: On 19 October or 2 November 1956, 
took a time exposure of the moon at about 2100 hours from 
the yard in front of her father’s church using the first of a 
new roll of film. This requirement was part of a class project 
of her photography course in school. Subsequently, the roll of 
film was completely used up. When the Photography Lab in her 
school became available to her, she developed the film and made 
prints at which time an unidentified object was observed on one 
of the prints. This object has the general appearance of a 
chandelier or light fixture. can offer no explanation 
of how it comes to be in the photograph. 


2. DETAILS: On 7 June 1957 at approximately 1545 hours, an 
agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, San Diego Division, 
delivered four photographs to this Detachment stating that they 
had been obtained by him during the course of an interview with 
one 
The FBI has no further interest in the matter at this time. 


was a seventeen year old junior at 
who was interviewed by Special Agent 
and stated that as a part of her photography 
course she was required to make a time exposure of the moon and 
stars during the hours of darkness in order to observe the 


UNCLASSIFIED 
DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR I
DECLAS: 

621 346 
```

- page 56 -

The page contains a photograph depicting an unidentified flying object (UFO) with handwritten annotations inquiring about its features. There are two arrows pointing at the object labeled "Ceiling or slender rod?" and "Corner of ceiling?"

Here is the transcribed text found in the document:

```
Ceiling or 
slender rod?

Corner of 
ceiling?
```

- page 57 -

The page contains a photograph of an object in the sky. The image appears to be of poor quality and grainy with annotations pointing to the object. The annotations are written in cursive, and a large arrow points towards the object.

Below is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

passing a
ent in
estation

straight

condensation

- page 58 -

This page contains a black and white photograph. The photograph is grainy and appears to be of an object in the sky with some markings pointing towards it. There are handwritten notes on the photograph pointing to certain features of the object.

The text found on the document is:

"Ceiling or
slender rod?"

(Note: The text is handwritten and located near the upper right corner of the photograph.)

- page 59 -

The page contains a photograph. The photograph appears to depict a fuzzy, indistinct object with some handwritten annotations. There are lines with arrows pointing to the object and what seems to be handwriting that reads "Ceiling or slender rod?"

OCR Text Output:
```
Ceiling or
slender rod?
```

- page 60 -

This page includes a photograph. The photograph appears to show a fuzzy or unclear object with annotations that feature handwritten text pointing to specific features of the image.

Here is the text present in the document:

"Ceiling on slender rod?"

- page 61 -

The page contains an image that appears to be a photograph with discernible features. There is a handwritten note within the photograph pointing to an object or area, stating: "Ceiling or slender rod?"

Below is the OCR extracted text from this document:

"Ceiling or
slender rod?"

- page 62 -

This page includes a photograph depicting an object that resembles a classic "flying saucer" shape. Below the object, there are visible arrows pointing to it with some text or numbering.

Here is the OCR-transcribed text from the document:

```
24
```

- page 63 -

The image contains a photograph with a darkened, grainy background. There are several annotations on the photograph, including arrows and text pointing to various areas of the image. It appears to show a bright, oblong shape in the lower half of the image. 

The OCR transcription of the text from the document is as follows:

```
Clean

Light Source

not to line ceiling?
```

- page 64 -

The image appears to contain a grainy black and white photograph of what looks like a landscape or aerial view. The photograph shows various shapes and lines, possibly representing a geographic area or aerial observation. There is some handwritten text in the top left corner of the image, which says "Getting scared, not?".

Text extracted from the document:

Getting scared, not?

- page 65 -

The image appears to be a photograph of an undefined object in the sky, surrounded by heavy grain and noise due to the quality and age of the document. The object has a distinct bright shape against a darker background.

OCR Output:
```
```

- page 66 -

### Photographs Description:
There is one photograph present on the document page. The photograph seems to be a printed part of the document containing both textual and visual elements.

### OCR Text Output:
```
UNCLASSIFIED

IPD 21- Hq 18th Dist OSI (10) USAF, ELO) Report an Unidentified
Flying Object photographed by "Miss A" in the city of Bostonia, 
Street, Bostonia, California, on 19 October 1956 or 2 November 1956
appearances on film. Miss "A" chose a night when the moon was full
and to the best of her recollection the photograph was taken either
19 October or 2 November 1956, a_centlye between 2100 hours and
2130 hours. The camera was placed on the ground in the yaro in the
front of "Miss A's" residence ssss, Bostonia, California). The
camera was propped up with a rock so that the lens pointed directly
at the moon at an angle of approximately 60 degrees from the horizon-
tal. The shutter was placed in "time exposure" ana left in that
position for a period of 10 to 20 minutes. Miss "A" stated that the
camera was in exactly the same position when she found it as when
she left it. This was the first exposure cn the roll of film and
the balance of the film was used during the following weeK, at which
time the roll was removed from the camera. Miss "A" stated that
she did not develop and print the roll of film until 5 June 1957
because she was awaiting her turn to use the facilities available to
her at school.

4. Description of the Camera follows;

Nomenclature: AGFA, Model 5-2 (Box camera)
Size of Camera: 4" w1de, 6" high, 8" long
Lens: Fixed (non adjustable)
Shutter Speed; Fixed (non adjustable)
Shutter Opening; Fixed (non adjustable)

5. Miss "A" advised that she maintained no written record of
the processing of the film, but that she had developed and printed
the film herself and from memory provided the following data:

Type of Film: Kodak, Panatomic X
Temperature of Chemicals used; 75°
Type of Developer: Dektol
Developing Time: 15 minutes
Acid Fix Time; 15 minutes
Rinse Time (water) 2h hours
Drying Time: 24 hours
Miss "A" stated that when she developed this photograph she assumed
at first that the mark cooked on the negative was a spot or water mark.
She made a print on paper, at which time a male fellow
DEGLASSIFIED by her and remarked, "You have a picture of a
DO at
U.S.A." Miss "A" stated that she did not believe it at
first, but further examination by the class and by the instructor
convinced her that an object of some kind other than a water mark

UNCLASSIFIED

```


- page 67 -

This page contains a photograph. The photograph is black and white and depicts an object in the sky, which appears to have a circular or disc-like shape, with what seems to be some light reflection.

Here is the OCR transcription of the document:

```
221
```

- page 68 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be a grainy black-and-white picture possibly depicting an unidentified flying object (UFO). The object looks somewhat disk-shaped with a dome on top.

This is the text extracted from the document:

```
Page 69
sarap
```

- page 69 -

The page contains a photograph that appears to show an object with some annotations. The annotations include arrows pointing to the object and a handwritten note that says, "Ceiling or slender rod?"

OCR Text Output:
"Ceiling or
slender rod?"


- page 70 -

This page contains a photograph that appears to show a grainy and blurry image with markings on it. There are unclear shapes, possibly depicting objects in the sky, along with hand-drawn arrows and some handwritten text.

OCR Text Output:
```
6
S MPUL-RGM
```

- page 71 -

The document contains a single photograph in the lower right corner. It appears to show a partial image of a front yard, including parts of trees and possibly some buildings or structures. The photograph is black and white and occupies a small section of the document.

Here is the OCR-generated text from the document:

```
10 21- 4q 13th Dist UNCLASSIFIED. Flying Object Bube = Report of Unidentifted 
boarding out 255 poe 675 on 0 poe Street, Work, California, on 19 Letosheted 1956 or 2 November 1956 
concerned. Eniargments were made by her instractor of her instructor end her father, mutiles the FBI, San 
Secimii 5.

6. The negata in g wnetion was obtained from Jose ad is attached. The contaot print described abovo and tinee enlargments of the unidentifled flying ob gject are attached 

7. Upon volumaloa of the interview and In the presence of her mother, M ili s lec uted a signed, sworn stament, orcapitulated below: in a pholog c 22 High Echool. The instrCtor, es  saine d project Involving a thne exponure of the moon and stars ellow wt hs s to cbscrve the pattern they make on film. Miss aposed a film for about 10 or 20 minutes on the neht of the full moon, ether October made 1956. Camera was placed on ground Ir yard of herraref ter Bostonia, in such a manner to Include a ppe prtegs Other r Iere the heap of th moon, candels, oter, that was also part or the project
The original of the staement Is retalned in the files of fieadquaters DC F

8. On 10 June 1957, S12 CRRTIM examined a front vard of the church and no vires. Lights fixtures, or any other objects was observer ther than the church bullding itself, and the the Trees that are visible in the lower rift hand corner of the photograph. These trees are approktintely 10 feet in hehght and approximately 20 feet southoact of the spot on which the camera was placed
9. On 10 june 1957, art and photography instructer at Caljon Valley High School, interviewed In his office by SA CRTIN, advised that hs Is familiar with the photograph and admitted tha even though he is Quitte Skeptic about flying saucers his examination of Miss negative failed, In his opinion, to reveal ary indicstion of double exposure or alteration
stated that Miss deleitely is not the type of person request, & above reproach at to charactar and INtegrity. stated nat he is not av expert in the fleld of phy
and although tho object in quackio resembles an e c trick light 
xture, he cold oftar 30 explanation as to how the obj y 
have appearedd in tho films of the camera, nor how it cold have been 
y blared there unknown to Miss . He attributes the lapsing time stating object aud developing and printing to n e ntb oary for unish.
DOO-SIIRTAOOIOETOTCTERont UNCLASSIFIED
```

- page 72 -

The document page contains no photographs; there is only text.

Here is the extracted text from the document:

```
18D 24-  Hq 18th Dist UNCLASSIEIF
              subjt Report of Unidentified
              Flying Object photographed by Miss__
              Street, Bostonia, California, on 19 October 1956 or 2 November 1956

      10. Miss                         Xas stated that she wishes to retain possession
of the negative on which the unidentified flying object appears and
requests that it be returned to her at the earliest practicable
date.

      11. On 10 June 1957, the                             interviewed at his
church by S/A GRIFFIN, advised that his daughter had, in fact,
taken a photograph of the moon on which appeared an object that
he would term "a flying saucer". The                          stated it is his
firm belief that his daughter has a genuine picture even though the
object looks like an inverted chandelier. The Ram                     9
escorted S/A GRIFFIN through the church and through his home next
door in search of a chandelier or any other object resembling that
on the negative in question. No such object was observed. This
9               3 advised that he has conversed with his neighbors on
this matter and has located no one with knowledge of such an occurrence. He stated that neither he, or anyone he knows has observed
a flying saucer or any other unidentified flying object previously.

      12. ACTION: No similar reports relative to this matter were
received and no action was taken as a result of this report by this
district office.

      13. This correspondence is classified 99747811 in accordance
with paragraph 30c(2)(h), APR 205-1.

                         Att/Lq    4 
              Lt Colonel, USAir
                   PAq7TH: (:N,SS,
      ,
                   Colonel, USAF
                   District Commander

4 Incls
      1. Negative
      2. Contact print
      3. Enlargements
      4. Statement,

Copies furnished:
      Air Technical Intelligence Center
      Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
      Attn: ATIAA-2C - 2

      Comdr, March AFB
      California

 JNWCQRDED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
 DECLASSURED AFTER 12 YEARS,
 DOD DIR 5200.10
```

- page 73 -

