The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a Project Blue Book record card that includes information about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 27 April 1956
2. LOCATION: Vuyyuru, India
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 27/1500Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: SE Ground-Visual
5. DURATION: 22 Seconds
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 5
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 22 Seconds
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Cigar shaped objects. No noise - luminous color: Triangular formation. Speed estimated at 200 mph. Objects with luminous trail.
9. COURSE: S then ESE
10. COMMENTS: Bolide observation.
11. CONCLUSIONS: Probably Balloon Possibly Balloon Possibly Aircraft Probably Astronomical Meteor Possibly Astronomical Unknown Insufficient Data for Evaluation

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an Air Intelligence Information Report dated 27 April 1956 regarding a sighting in India.

India
Air Intelligence Information Report
27 Apr 1956
Subject: Report of Flying Saucer
Summary: The letter quoted in this report was written by Capt. Alan Taylor, U.S. Air Force, Retired, Dilldar, India, and contains his interpretations of an incident witnessed along with about fifty other persons.
ATCH: None

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book air intelligence information report.

USAIIR, New Delhi, India
IH-297-56
PAGE 2 OF 2 PAGES

CANADIAN BAPTIST MISSION
Vuyyuru, Kistna Dist.
Andhra State, India
27 April 1956

Dear Taylor,

I have seen my first flying saucer to-night, only it was more like a flying dirigible. Balloons of a peculiar shape and sound were encountered several times before the facts, which were witnessed by at least fifty to sixty people on three different occasions, 27 April 1956. Vuyyuru sighting, time 2021 hours, as I was arranging my projectors to give an outdoor showing of some pictures. While sitting for a small adjustment to be made, I noticed a rather misty luminous form which seemed like three elongated cigars, revolving in a formatin. The formation came due south and came down to about 2,500 feet, and just before it got to where we were sitting it turned and seemed to descend in a lateral direction. On the actual turn, instead of the cigar shapes, there appeared five, somewhat larger objects, spherical in formation, which moved back again into formational flying. The formation took 22 seconds, by count, to pass overhead and was absolutely silent. No noise of any kind was heard. Then the formation simply disappeared. Speed might be estimated at twice 200 miles per hour, but difficult to judge accurately because of the sudden disappearance. In a sense they reminded me of the luminous appearances of dolphins at play in the Red Sea, only instead of up and down, we had to look up.

No attempt is made to diagnose what appeared, the facts are recorded by me immediately after the appearance are written down. Interpretations I leave to the more enlightened, or those with bigger and better imaginations. 

Yours Sincerely,
[Signature]

Additional data:
Atmosphere - slightly hazy
Euroscope -- (approx) 29.73"
Temperature - 80.5 deg. F
Wind - Silent, no distant crash completely
Hacked out except local and
Radio Ceylon plus a Russian
Station

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

FOREIGN SERVICE DESPATCH  
FROM : AMERICAN EMBASSY, MADRAS, INDIA  
TO : DEPARTMENT OF STATE, WASHINGTON  
REF : CTS MAY 8, 1956  
SUBJECT: UNUSUAL SAUCER-LIKE OBJECT OVER VUYYURU  

The text describes an incident of a "strange saucer-like object" observed over Vuyyuru in the Krishna district of India on April 2, 1956. An ex-witness account was published in The Mail, an Indian newspaper. The document states that this report may be of interest to the Department of State and other agencies of the government.

The document is approved by Robert H. Winters, the American Consul-in-Charge, and includes four copies of clipping from The Mail dated May 2, 1956.

- page 4 -

