There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, with some text redacted and the USAF Historical Archives address stamped at the top.

SUMMARY TO PROJECT BLUE BOOK
56/31/00
RETURN TO 
USAF Historical Archives
ASI(ASHAF-A)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112
1003289
7-3748-4/61
100

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document providing a brief history of the project.

TAB B
I. BRIEF HISTORY OF PROJECT BLUEBOOK
A. GENERAL
1. In the fall of 1947 the United States Air Force took official notice of reports from the public indicating that the problem might be related to the Air Force responsibility for the air defense of the United States. 
2. On December 30, 1947 the Air Force directed its Air Materiel Command at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, to establish a project to collect and evaluate all available facts concerning "flying saucer" sightings.
3. On December 27, 1949, after 375 reported sightings had been investigated, the Air Force announced the findings of the "flying saucer" project.
4. The evidence at that time indicated that the majority of the reported unidentified flying objects could be accounted for as misinterpretations of various conventional objects and did not form of hyderia, meteorological phenomena, light aberrations, or hoaxes.
5. There remained, however, a number of unexplained sightings, and the Air Force has continued its investigation to identify and analyze aerial phenomena that could possibly be a menace to the United States.
6. To date, the Air Force has undertaken to investigate and analyze about 10,000 reports dealing with these phenomena. As before, most of the reports were identified and disposed of as familiar aircraft, astronomical objects, and other known natural occurrences or man-made objects.
7. The unidentified reports, however, which are in the order of approximately 10 percent of the total, cannot be definitely associated with these familiar things.

- page 2 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Difficulty in Evaluating Reports
1. The difficulty in disposing of these unexplained sightings is based largely upon the lack of accurate basic data such as size, shape, composition and flight characteristics (speed, acceleration, etc.), altitude, exact time, etc.
2. Although some instruments which are useful in obtaining more accurate data of this type have been available, the reports based on sightings with these instruments have been very infrequent and comprise an extremely small percentage of the total. However, these reports have not included much of the information required.
3. Because of the difficulties of this basic data, the Air Force has in the past devoted its efforts primarily to determining whether these unexplained sightings indicated the existence of a menace to the United States. Initially it was believed that some unknown factor might evolve from the study of a large volume of reports. To date, no pattern has materialized to reveal any threat, but investigation continues, since these reports are considered as possible evidence which can be construed as a menace to the United States. Nonetheless, since these unexplained sightings persist, the Air Force will continue its investigations, giving the problem adequate attention.
11. Reports of similar phenomena go back to Biblical times. There have been flurries of them in various centuries. The current series of sightings began generally in 1946.
12. There are many reasons why the volume of these reports has increased materially during the past few years. Aerial activity organized by man has increased, and people today have a greater curiosity about the activity of celestial bodies above them. Our present scientific equipment is more sensitive and people are more receptive for reporting unusual observations. But it is uncertain whether this measure itself can be considered an advance in scientific investigations, as our ability to understand these phenomena does not seem to have advanced in step with our capacity for observing them. The Air Force believes that most of these phenomena will gradually be understood as more is known about occurrences in the upper atmosphere.

RADAR SIGHTINGS
1. The Air Force has received many reports of unusual images on radar scopes. It is fairly well established that some of these images are ground clutter reflected from a layer of warm air above the earth (a temperature inversion).

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing various observations and theories related to radar sightings and temperature inversion phenomena.

Text extracted from the document:

2. Temperature inversion reflections can give a return on a radar scope that is as sharp as that received from aircraft at approximately 200 speeds. The objects appear to move in all directions.

3. Such radar sightings have resulted in hunts of fruitless intercept effort.

4. One scientific theory holds that light can be similarly reflected from layers of warm air above the earth and, if proved to be correct, this could account for some visual sightings.

5. Bearing out the theory of temperature inversion is the Air Force air craft sighting in January 1951 near Oakridge, Tennessee. Two Air Force aircraft actually established a radar "lock" on the object. This was at a time when the Air Force was not admitting the reality of the reported "flying saucers" and this incident identifiable at an elevation of ten to twenty-five degrees. Three passes were made in an attempt to close on the object.
In each instance the pilots reported that their radar led them first upward and then down toward a specific point on the ground.

6. Ionized clouds are believed to be the cause of some unidentified radar returns. Thunderstorm activity is used for the purpose of avoiding thunderstorms. In addition, radar has picked up many objects first reported as "unidentified" which have later been identified as balloons, ice formations in the air, or other known aerial objects or manifestations.

C. CONCLUSIONS
1. The Air Force has stated in the past, and reaffirms at the present time, that these unidentified aerial phenomena are not a secret weapon, missile or aircraft developed by the United States. None of the three military departments nor any other agency in the government is experimenting with devices classified for security reasons which could account for the reports made of objects sighted, which are known to be either a hoax or the result of misidentification of natural phenomena.

- page 4 -

