The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a document used for recording UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
13 October 1956

2. LOCATION
Ft. Thomas, Kentucky

3. DATE/TIME GROUP
1330

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

5. SOURCE
(S-43) I-1/13-102

6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 minutes

8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
One object quite low, large size of disks, if stars' length, in NE direction. Can metal grey color. No wings or tail.

9. COURSE
Stationary

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Insufficient data for evaluation.

11. COMMENTS
Insufficient data for evaluation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Bavina, Ohio. Having first learned of it about 8 pm that evening at the scene of the incident. On Sunday, Oct. 7, 1956 at about 6:30 pm while traveling east on U.S. Highway 27, we did observe a bright lighted object in the sky. At first it appeared to be as the head lamps of an approaching automobile, but the size and apparent light emanating from it ruled this out. The object was stationary at first for a minute or more, then gradually increased speed and took off in a northerly direction for at least a minute when it seemed to just vanish and disappear straight up and was gone. There was no sound or trail behind it as it went. The whole thing seemed to move at a tremendous rate of speed. A jet would have had a difficult time keeping up with it. As nearly as I could judge, it must have been several miles up and quite large. If I had to estimate, I would say that the visible diameter was at least 50 to 75 feet. The time of observation was about 3 minutes. I am certain that what we saw was not an ordinary aircraft. The description given above is absolutely accurate to the best of my knowledge. Please return the enclosed photographs and negatives to the writer after analysis. If analysis is not possible, these should be returned in any case.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report from the Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects (C.R.I.F.O.) organization dated November 7, 1956.

C.R.I.F.O.
Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects

November 7, 1956

Captain G. E. Gregory
U.S.A.F.
Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain Gregory:

Enclosed is a report regarding a visual sighting of an unidentified flying object which occurred on October 14, 1956, in the vicinity of Fort Thomas, Kentucky. The observer is an employee of the local General Electric Co. plant and is a reliable person. He is an ex-member of the U.S. Air Force, a qualified and licensed private pilot, and in the present instance, observed the object while driving in traffic.

He stated that as he approached a bridge, he noticed a bright, round, stationary object hovering approximately 50 feet above the bridge, and approximately 1,000 feet from his position. He pulled off the road and stopped his car in order to observe the object more closely. The object remained stationary for approximately 10 minutes and then accelerated at a high rate of speed and disappeared from sight. The observer described the object as round, brilliantly luminous, and about 30-40 feet in diameter. He stated that the object appeared to reflect light, rather than emanate light, and that it was soundless.

The observer did not attempt to photograph the object as he stated that he was so excited and surprised by the experience that he was unable to react quickly enough to get his camera. I have advised him to be alert for any future sightings and to be prepared to obtain photographs.

If you have any additional information regarding these photographic attempts, or can advise us of any special instructions which you may have for the observer, we would appreciate your comments.

Very truly yours,
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

