The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or record card from Project 10673, with various fields filled out to document an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

PROJECT 10673 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 4-18-57
2. LOCATION: Reseda, California
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1850
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. GMT: Not reported
6. DURATION: 3-9 minutes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-9 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: Stationary
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Clear sighting of DG-6 at 1000 feet, stationary. It object moved straight upward during observation. Optical light 1 1/3 times as long as wide. Color was solid bright. Larger than outer portion, Color of core yellow, flickering, no distinct edge. No sound. Disappeared after 3 1/2 turning out light.
11. COMMENTS: Insufficient data for evaluation. Time of day not included. No other reports from this area. All reports on observation are from same observing location.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document says:

OFFICIAL USE ONLY
NO # 18358-B  
AP # 1095724
COUNTRY: Unknown, Seen over U.S.A. 
SUBJECT: UFOB (Unknown Flying Object)
SOURCE: Civilian
Set 1/1, Card 1/2

On 5 April 1957, California: Office address Los Angeles 45, California, telephonically advised DALLAS G. WEDDLE that he had observed an unusual phenomena and was writing a letter to Headquarters USAF explaining his observation. On 5 April 1957 at approximately 1900 local, he observed a bright sphere-like light surrounded by an elliptical light with length radius 1 1/2 times and width radius 1/2 times the size of the sphere shape core. The brilliance of the sphere shape was approximately five times brighter than the outer light, while the outer light was a delicate glow. The sphere shape core was bright golden in color, and no discernible details visible. The observer advised that his attention was directed to this object by its brilliant glow. He first observed it in a west by northwest direction at approximately 60 degrees above the horizon. The object made very little movement, and what movement was made was toward the observers. The entire phenomena disappeared like the observers turning off a light, and no discernible details visible.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which contains handwritten text describing an observation of an unidentified flying object.

Set 1/1, Card 2/2	Unknown, Seen Over USA
The turning off of an electric light, in that direction, was gradual fading of this light. He estimated that he observed this object for approximately two minutes. This observation was made on the ground without the aid of any mechanical equipment.

He indicated that diachar as he knew he was the only one to observe this incident and at the time of his observation he was standing in front of his home.

Extract of a 4 page document
FS/in
June 27, 1957

1. The sight from the coming person who had not the clearance to enter. 
2. There was a bright light which just appeared and faded away gradually.
3. No reports on UFO made as a matter of routine procedure.
4. No report from GOC posts in the area.
5. No distance depth from sighting as was.
6. No shape, size or color of the object reported.

- page 3 -

