The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a document from the US Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 8 December 1957
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0545 08/17/52
5. PHOTO: ONE
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: One object or light, length equal to diameter of MOON, color yellow to orange, edges well defined.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon; Probably Balloon; Was Aircraft; Probably Aircraft; Was Astronomical; Possibly Astronomical; Other (Explain) Jet afterburner exhaust were seen.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Analyzing the text using OCR:

Analy sis made for Major Boject
Report 1-58, dtd 12 Dec 1957
IN-50-00055 (see attached sheets)

1. Light was sighted flashing rapidly, changing conditions when the lay attempts to stay fixed on eyere objects in the sky above in the general direction bearings or elevations are often unreliable. This is particularly true when roads are hilly or other perfectly straight road flat. The object allons invariably appear to move and change elevation.

2. Light was observed for 15 minutes.

3. Observer describes UFO as a "light" in portions of the report, and as an "object" in others.

4. It is significant to point out that the planet Venus was in the ESW (the position determined after the car stopped and the bearing of the light taken). This body is so familiar during December that comment was made by both the press and scientific papers (see incls).

When the lights were observed, at what appear to be unusual appearance at sunset or dawn when the low, silent light of the sun strikes them. As shown from numerous similar reports the reconstitulent colors are yellow, red or orange-red.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows an information report from the Office of Naval Intelligence regarding an unidentified light sighting in Morocco on December 8, 1957.

Transcription of the text in the document:

CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED
DATE OF INFORMATION: 8 December 1957
FROM: Fleet Intelligence Center
SOURCE: Personal Observation

Unidentified Light - Sighting of

Encl: (1) Overlay indicating geographic positions
(2) Sketches of light and its movement (Figures 1-3)

SUMMARY: For approximately 15 minutes on 8 December 1957, reporting officer observed a large bright light in the sky over Morocco. The light's behavior and appearance did not conform to any known aircraft or astronomical phenomena.

BASIC DATA INVOLVED IN THE SIGHTING:
Time: Between 1715Z and 1730Z, 8 December 1957. Time of Sunset - 1716Z
Place: Morocco, between Tiflet and Meknes. See Encl. (1) for details of position.
Position of Light: Approximately 20 Degrees above the horizon to the SW of observer.

DESCRIPTION OF THE LIGHT: Its length appeared to be approximately 2/3 the diameter of the full moon. The color was yellow to orange; color and intensity did not appear to change during the sighting. The light's shape was well defined, but not as definite as that of a metal object. Figure (1) is a sketch of the light's shape.

NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: While riding in an automobile at approximately 1715Z on 8 December, reporting officer observed a bright light in the sky to the SW. It first gave the impression of being sunlight reflected from a jet vapor trail; as a jet had just passed in that direction and sunlight was being reflected. However, it appeared to be on a NNE course and gradually disappearing, due to its thickness and was pointed in that direction, while watching this light, for approximately 2 minutes, it appeared to be stationary. Reporting officer called the attention of his wife and daughter to the light. As it had already been watching it.

DISTRIBUTION BY ORIGINATOR: CINCUSNAVEUR, ATTACHE RADAR

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

6. Report does not indicate whether the observer, using intelligence facilities available to him as a Pilot Intelligence Officer, made checks or queries to determine if aircraft, craft or vehicles in the area were part of regular air traffic in the area. These investigations can be better conducted in the area of origin than are the 21 Dec 57 checks.

7. Object was not a meteor or a passing satellite as implied. The time duration of 15 minutes while these objects remained aloft, longer than 6-9 seconds, the earth entry velocity of the satellite would be between 18-20,000 MPH. 

CONCLUSIONS: From the limited information given, and lack of investigative data, and file conclusions can be made regarding the identity of the light; other than that it appeared to be Venus and a jet. Reasons for this conclusion, this was probably due to the fact that the observations were intermittent and changes in the objects' bearing resulting from the travel of the car.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a declassified UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

INFORMATION REPORT
OPREP FORM 56-63 (5-48)

CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

REPORT NO.: 1-58

DATE: 9 December 57

After another minute or two, the light descended rapidly towards the earth, describing an arc as in Fig. (2). This movement was very rapid and definite. The thicker end of the light was pointing downwards and while the lighter end rose slightly, the light appeared to drop approximately 10 degrees. At this point, the light was either a meteorite or a returning Soviet satellite. At this point, a row of three blobs was observed.

When the view was again clear, the light had regained its former altitude, was in a horizontal position, and appeared to be heading in the same direction as before. However, its speed had increased and it was possible to determine the bearing but not the distance. The light gradually became dimmer and gradually faded from view. This gave the impression of movement straight away from the observer. However, this disappearance may well have been due to lack of reflected sunlight as the "object" entered the earth's shadow. Time of disappearance approximately 17/20 seconds.

Weather Conditions: Fleet Weather Central, Fort Lyautey, has provided the following information on weather conditions between 0817 1/2 and 0913 3/4 for the vicinity of Rabat, the approximate area of sighting:
Temperature: 45F
Sky Conditions: Clear
Visibility: Unrestricted 10000 ft....... 360° above. 
Winds: Northerly 10 knots
Temperature: About 45 ft at 1200 feet.
(Above temperature inversion considered insignificant for optical illusions)

Source Information: LTJG... This report is currently attached to the Fleet Air Intelligence augmenting file and has been designated as an Air Intelligence Officer File.

Forwarded:
LTJG USNR

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a sketch or diagram depicting the sighting of lights over the area near Tiflet, Morocco. The diagram shows the location of Port Lyautey, Rabat, Monod, and Tiflet, as well as the apparent heading and direction of the lights observed by the witnesses. The image also includes some annotations describing the sighting, such as "Apparent heading of lights before ascent-NNE" and "After descent-ESE". Additionally, there is an overlay of a VAG chart 420 with the coordinates 7W and 6S.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

INFORMATION REPORT 
GRADT POLIO DIVISION (USAF)

UNCLASSIFIED	FROM: Fleet Intelligence Center, PLM, Navy 214	REPORT NO. 1-58	DATE: 9 December 1957

- page 6 -

The image contains three illustrations labelled as "Figure 1.", "Figure 2.", and "Figure 3." describing the shape and orientation of a light observed in the sky.

Text from the document:

INFORMATION REPORT
UNCLASSIFIED
Inoal (2)
Fleet Intelligence Center,
BLG, Navy 214
REPORT NO.: 1-58
DATE: 5 December 1957

Figure 1. Shape of light and its orientation before descent.

Figure 2. Are described by light's descent.

Figure 3. Shape of light and its orientation while fading from view.

- page 7 -

