There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains various details about a UFO sighting.

Output of the text found in the document:

1. DATE 10/6/57
2. LOCATION Mi Wi of Benson, Arizona
3. DATE-TIME OF OBSERVATION 19/06/1:27
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
5. DURATION 2 minutes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 2 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING A group of civilians had not seen anything unudual so far, when suddenly around them appeared a bright object which moved rapidly east then north. It was sien for approximately 35 and 50 minutes, at which height the object is believed bright.
11. NEW COMMENTS Around this time articles in local papers were running as to reports of UFO sightings in the Benson, Arizona area at that time.

- page 1 -

The image contains a diagram and some text. The diagram appears to be an illustration related to an "ESTIMATE OF HEIGHT" calculation, showing the rotation of the Earth and parallel light rays arriving from the sun. The text provides the details and calculations for this "ESTIMATE OF HEIGHT" process.

ESTIMATE OF HEIGHT

A simple calculation will yield the minimum height of an object over our location to reflect sunlight at 1827. Local sunset occurred at 1749. We first saw the unknown object thirty-eight minutes after sunset.

The circumference of the earth at the equator is approximately 25,133 mi.

At latitude 32° this becomes 25,133 cos 32° = 21,713 mi.

The speed of rotation of the earth at our latitude is: 21,713 / 1440 = 15.08 mi./min.

Thirty-eight minutes after sunset, the earth has traveled: 38/60 x 15.08 = 9.55 mi.

Assuming parallel light rays arriving from the sun, the following diagram may be constructed:

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be an excerpt from a technical report or document. The photograph shows a diagram or sketch that is labeled "The circle represents the 33rd parallel, viewed from the top (north)." It also includes various calculations and measurements related to the size and height of an unidentified object.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

The circle represents the 33rd parallel, viewed from the top (north). Assuming triangle A B D is a right triangle, the angle at D is 45°.
A C = 1000
A D = 1000
We may now calculate the hypotinuse A C of triangle A B C:
A C = \/ (1000)^2 + (1000)^2 = 1414.2 m.

Since line A D is 1000 m, line C D is 39.3 m. This is the minimum height of the object above the earth.

This calculation is based on an object directly over our location and reflecting the sun's rays thirty-three minutes after sunset. This is a consideration of the actual case. If the distortion of the sun's rays by our atmosphere causes sunset to occur three minutes later (at 17:52), then the distance C D is reduced to about thirty-five miles. However, the object was to be illuminated when it was three thousand yards (1827 m) from the minimum height for reflection of sunlight should be increased. The above calculation was intended only to give a rough estimate of the heights involved.

If the object was illuminated by sunlight the calculate minimum height appears to be 38.2 yards.

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain two rectangular shapes with a handwritten annotation below each shape. The annotation below the top shape reads "1,58'5x7", and the annotation below the bottom shape reads "#2. middle of sky". There does not appear to be any other text or visual elements in the image.

41,58'5x7
#2. middle of sky

- page 4 -

The image appears to show an unidentified object in the sky, as described in the handwritten text at the top of the image. The text states "Superimposed in middle as by disappear - may say". There is no photograph of people in this image.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Superimposed in middle as by disappear - may say

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a document from the National Academy of Sciences, National Research Council of the United States of America, dated May 27, 1955. The text in the document is as follows:

NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES
NATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

UNITED STATES NATIONAL COMMITTEE
INTERNATIONAL GEOPHYSICAL YEAR 1957-58

May 27, 1955

Dear Mr. ********:

Your letter of April 27, 1955 to Dr. ********** has been passed on to this division. I understand that the details of this matter will be taken up directly with the appropriate authorities at their end.

I can assure you that this case has been processed with utmost care as all such matters require handling. The report will be made available for study as soon as possible.

Thank you.

Sincerely yours,

******-IGY Branch Coordinator

cc: Dr. **********, ASPAC
Dr. V. R. Eshleman, SU

- page 6 -

The image contains a newspaper article titled "Meteors Held Prelude Of Rockets to Moon" with a photograph of what appears to be a rocket launch or explosion.

The text of the article is as follows:

LANSCOM AIR FORCE BASE, Mass. - The Air Force said today that it will make further tests soon of the first apparent breakthrough into space, which undoubtedly prepares the way for a rocket to the moon.

The first test flight of an experimental rocket which reached a height of 135 miles above the earth's surface and which the Air Force said "could get to the moon" ended in an explosion over the White Sands, N.M., on Sunday.

The rocket experiment showed that the artificial meteors created by an exploding rocket can be detected by radar - a development which the Air Force said could be useful in helping to guide future rockets to the moon and other planets.

HE SAID the rocket would take about 10 minutes to reach the 220-mile distance to the moon and would create a gravitational problem since the moon's gravity would exert a service.

The report said that the rocket, which bore a 40-inch aluminum head, was developed by the Army Ordnance Missile Laboratories and the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory.

PEOPLE ROCKET
This rocket, known as the Rockair which bears Oct. 15 at the White Sands range, reached an estimated maximum altitude of 135 miles. Its speed was calculated at about 4,000 miles an hour.

The initial announcement of the Rockair experiment was that it had been a "completely successful" flight. However, the announcement said that the rockets' motors exploded as the missile reached the top of its course, during the coast period between the propelled portion of the flight and the return to earth.

- page 7 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of an Aerobee rocket. The text provides details about the experiment conducted with this rocket, including the use of "three 'shaped charges' of aluminum pellets" and the behavior of the rocket as it ascended. The text also mentions observations made by researchers from the Holloman observatory, located about 200 miles away.

The text in the document is as follows:

AEROBEE ROCKET
A flight, above North
AEROBEE ROCKET
The flight of this Aerobee rocket was described in this way: A 1400-pound Aerobee model in effect a three-stage rocket, carried at its nose three "shaped charges" of aluminum pellets and rocket motors. The Aerobee automatically oriented itself at the zenith point, then more miles upwards where it released, igniting the aluminum pellets which were very bright - 200 times brighter than the Soviet Sputnik and more brilliant than a magnesium flare. Rflp Observers at the Holloman observatory, some 200 miles away, reported seeing the "shaped charge" release.
SCIENTISTS SAID that most of the "grape-shot" pellets probably burned up within the first half-mile of flight. But the meteorites definitely escaped the earth's gravity. The bright glow of these objects attracted scientists to experiment on film with a ballistic camera.
Dawn said the rocket contained instruments which gave it acceleration to sonic speed and before that released dust particles in the upper atmosphere.
The experiment, which was sponsored by the California Institute of Technology, was first attempted in 1951 using former German V-2 rockets. The Oct. 18 project, however, was the first to use the Aerobee, which followed a series of failures, scientists said.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document.

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION 
ASTROPHYSICAL OBSERVATORY

SECTION OF UPPER ATMOSPHERE STUDIES
OF OPTICAL SATELLITE TRACKING PROGRAM
TO ASCERTAIN STRATOSPHERIC DISTURBANCES
:L:YOND 10 STASJLISMENIS

October 8, 1957

Captain George T. Gregory
AISS-4, ALISA, Lompoc
California

Dear Captain:

We enclose a ray to - increase to i.1st
carefully.

JAHJC
Encls.

Please return at early date.

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects. The document is a "MEMO ROUTING SLIP" with various fields for information such as the name or title, instructions for the recipient, and remarks.

The OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text in the document is as follows:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO: THE FOLLOWING: IN ORDER INDICATED

1. Dr. J. A. Hynek
2. Capt. Gregory - please return when finished 
3. Sgt. Bowen
Your information Note and return
Your comments Proper signature
Necessary action Note and file 
Prepare reply See me
Your recommendation Your initials

REMARKS: Herewith made a record of this on will be same attached.
Herewith another interesting note.

FROM: ALAN P. BAILIE DATE 9/23/57

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, potentially from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Dr. J.A. Hynek

Station general--near 31 Benson, Arizona
Direction of flight--northwest--alt est 10,000 ft.
Duration of observation--3-4 minutes
Angular velocity--very rapid

Appears to have been a fireball similar to that observed on the morning of the 3rd--and described in detail in a previous letter. The object was spherical, appeared to emit a bluish-white light and left a very long trail of sparks behind it. It was seen in the northwest traveling in a northwesterly direction. It appeared to be at an altitude of perhaps 10,000 feet and was traveling at a very high rate of speed--of the order of 1,000 mph or more. It might suggest a mix-up photo, if one could be obtained, such as the fireball seen in New Mexico and at several other stations in the south.

The observation is corroborated by several other witnesses in the Benson area, and it is thought that there are probably additional unreported observations in that vicinity. The object was visible for 3-4 minutes.

Meteorite: This was about the time for a known meteor shower, the Orionids, and the object may have been a particularly bright meteor or fireball associated with that shower.

Artificial Satellite: Possible. Trajectory of travel, size, speed and duration of observation point to this possibility. However, there are no known artificial satellites in existence at that time capable of the performance exhibited by this object.

Plane: Possible, but very doubtful. The object was several times larger than any conventional aircraft, very much faster, and the trajectory and duration of observation do not fit the characteristics of a plane.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a "Memo Routing Slip" form.

STAHARMA
Your information □
Your comments □
Necessary action [X]
Prepare reply □
Ressarks: Ogta - your thru. 
FLV.

- page 12 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the National Academy of Sciences, National Research Council, addressed to Dr. J. Allen Hynek of the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The letter is dated May 27, 1958 and discusses the 1957-58 International Geophysical Year.

Here is the text from the document:

NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES
NATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

UNITED STATES NATIONAL COMMITTEE
INTERNATIONAL GEOPHYSICAL YEAR 1957-58

May 27, 1958

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Director
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Dr. Hynek:

Enclosed for your information is a detailed report of an October 13, 1957 sighting of an unidentified aerial object, transmitted to us by Major Duff of the USAF, except the prints of which only you have been supplied. It is hoped that any analysis you can make of this would be appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

L. V. Berkner
IGY-IGC Earth Satellites Office

Enclosures

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Collins Radio Company, dated April 24, 1959. The document is addressed to Mr. William E. Pickering, of the California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, California.

The text of the document is as follows:

COLLINS RADIO COMPANY
CEDAR RAPIDS, IOWA, U.S.A.

April 24, 1959

Mr. William E. Pickering
California Institute of Technology
Pasadena, California

Dear Mr. Pickering:

I am enclosing a draft copy of a report together with three small sketches which relate to the sighting of an unidentified object on 12 October 1957. This object was sighted from the Collins Cedar Rapids plant and appeared to be moving at a very high rate of speed.

Through our Technology Information Service, we have made this information available to the Air Technical Intelligence Center and the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena. It is our understanding that they are interested in any reports of this nature.

We hope that the information contained in this report will be of interest to you. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact me.

Very truly yours,
COLLINS RADIO COMPANY

R.C. Leedom
R.L. Secretary
Assistant Vice President
Cedar Rapids Division

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which contains a written report on the sighting of an unidentified object.

Text extracted from the document:

A REPORT ON THE SIGHTING OF AN UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT

Location: 9 miles west of benson, Arizona
Date: 18 October 1957
Time: 1927-1939 MST
Observers: [redacted]

The above (except for the last line) electronics company, and may be contacted through [redacted] Broadway, Tucson.

Observations:
On the evening of 18 October, our group was attempting to sight the Russian earth satellite, Sputnik I, or the third-stage rocket which accompanied the satellite in orbit. The satellite was scheduled to appear at 1939, and on that day some rockets were reported to be landing the satellite by remote-control minutes. Thus, we expected that the rocket, if seen at all, would appear about 1939. A camera was set up to record what we saw.
The object was not seen at 1939, but was continued to watch the sky, and around 1927 a bright object appeared over the southeast horizon and traveled rapidly across the sky, disappearing over the north-northwest horizon at about 1932. The object was brighter than any star in the sky, but less bright than the planet Venus was on that night. The first exhibited a yellowish hue, and it was our opinion that it was reflected sunlight.

- page 15 -

The image appears to contain text and no photographs. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

No intensity variations were observed. The object crossed our parallel of latitude somewhat east of us at an angle of roughly 45° relative to our location.

We later concluded that the object seen could not have been the satellite rocket, since the latter had a southeast-northwest orbit, while the object we saw traveled southeast-north-northwest. This object appeared fourteen minutes after the rocket was expected and exhibited none of the variation in light intensity which had been reported for the rocket.

The satellite itself was not seen at 1939, but its radio signal on 20.005 me was heard from 1814 to 1915, passing around 1839. The signal appeared 2002 to 2022, speaking around 2015; the difference in time of the two signal peaks is ninety-six minutes, as expected. Thus, we believe that the satellite orbit information we had was correct.

The objects we sighted have, so far, not been identified. Three photographs were taken, and these show clearly that what we saw was much too bright to have been airplane lights. The pictures were time exposures taken with a 1 x 5 camera mounted on a tripod. The exposure time was roughly five seconds, and the film was Royal Pan with an ASA speed of 400. The details of each shot accompany the respective prints.

11-8-57

- page 16 -

