The provided image does not contain any photograph or visual content. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document with a return address stamp at the top and some numeric information at the bottom of the page. As an OCR system, I will now extract all the text content found on the image:

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112
7-3745 - 399
1009359

- page 1 -

The image contains three illustrations depicting various unidentified flying object (UFO) shapes based on reports and discussions in the preceding text. The illustrations show three elongated, cigar-shaped objects with different silhouettes.

The text below the illustrations states: "These illustrations were reproduced on the basis of information from reports of sightings and are discussed in the preceding text."

Now, acting as an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

These illustrations were reproduced on the basis of information from reports of sightings and are discussed in the preceding text.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a technical document or report from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

C. Example of Diagram Use:
1. Verbal Description of Example Sighting: Object was first sighted in the southwest about half-way up (elevation at 15:45 at local time). Its shape or outline was hazy, but appeared round and about the size of a pea (at arm's length). It was dull at first but brightened considerably as it got higher in the sky. Its color at this point was bluish-white. After about two minutes, it turned to a brilliant white, and then began to slowly fade toward the west. At this point its color appeared yellowish white. The light went dim when it got brighter and then climbed rapidly, going toward the southwest and getting brighter. In less than thirty seconds, it had attained an elevation of approximately 60 degrees, and then the light went out abruptly.
2. Additional Description referring to the example sheet: Notice how simply the above sighting can be portrayed and described, without words on the example diagram (altitude 135 degrees (southeast) and elevation 45 degrees (half-way up from the horizon)). Note also the varying thickness of the line to denote changes in brightness, and the use of the dotted line indicates the western part of the sky where the sighting occurred. (From the north-south overhead line), the hovering for 1 minute, and the ascent in 30 seconds to its complete disappearance, can all be shown with a few lines. Thus, the entire sighting can be represented easily on one diagram.
D. Further Instructions and Information:
1. It is highly desirable that diagrams can be shown easily on a diagram of this type. A number of objects sighted also can be indicated, as can any changing forms. These approximate size and speed of the objects should be drawn in. In the case of a complex object sighting, this likewise can be drawn in. Investigator and analyst will now have a better, more detailed picture of what was observed. It is clear that diagrams are worth many words.
2. It will be found that the use of sky diagrams will provide an excellent means for recording sightings, and checking descriptions or contradictions in reports from two or more observers of the same sighting. A glance at the several diagrams will enable one to show whether the observer's stories are consistent, or support each other, a matter which is much more difficult to determine by attempting to compare numerous written statements.
3. It is recommended that the actual observer make the drawings, unless circumstances such as physical inability or other reasons make this impossible or difficult. The investigator should not influence the observer's drawing in any way, and should provide assistance only on those points which are not clear to the observer. However, if the observer fails to grasp the idea of the diagram, the investigator will have to make one.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Itself some indication of his value as a reliable observer), the investigator or interrogator should make the drawing from the observer's verbal description. The completed diagram should always be given to the observer to check and approve.

4. An approximate direction should be determined if possible. It may be advisable for the investigator to deliberately make a mistake or two in the drawing to see whether the observer will catch the error when given the diagram to check. This "reliability check" should be used with caution.

5. The landscaping in the sky diagram is placed there to help visualization. If any specific installations and trees, etc. are part of the sighting area, they should be incorporated into the drawing. They may later prove to be invaluable as location, plotting or reference points in subsequent investigations of the area or sighting in question.

6. Where the observer has some familiarity with the constellations or other identification of stars or planets, this information (and movement) of the object with respect to these bodies. This can be sketched on either page 6 or 33 or page 5-10 of "Summary". Typical examples that can be easily illustrated: "...The object seemed to pass very slowly between the two bottom stars of the handle of the Big Dipper", or "...Object was about the size of a tennis ball and remained stationary about 15 degrees and to the left of the moon."

7. The sky diagram is not meant to replace written statements or reports, but to supplement them, aiding the investigator to visualize the sighting and the observer to recall the original circumstances.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. 

Text from the document:

NEWS RELEASE
PLEASE NOTE DATE

IMMEDIATE RELEASE 

AIR FORCE RELEASES STUDY ON
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

The results of an investigation begun by the Air Force in 1947 into the existence of unidentified aerial objects (so-called flying saucers) were released on 7 October 1955.

No evidence of the existence of the popularly-termed "flying saucers" was found.

The study was based on study and analysis by a private scientific group under the supervision of the Air Technical Intelligence Agency. Although the investigation of the unidentified aerial objects had been going on for more than seven years ago, methods and procedures have been reaffirmed only in the last four months of 1955 only three per cent were listed as unknown.

Commenting on this report, Secretary of the Air Force Donald A. Quarles said: "The basis of this study we believe that no objects such as those popularly described as flying saucers have ever been shown to exist."

"However, we are now entering a period of aviation technology in which some startling configurations and flight characteristics will begin to appear."

"The Air Force and the Armed Services have under development several vertical-rising, high performance aircraft, and as early as last year a project was flown. The Air Force will fly the first jet-powered vertical-rising aircraft in a matter of days. We have another project under contract with AVRO Ltd., of Canada, which could result in disclaimed aircraft similar to the popular description of a flying saucer."

"While some of these may take novel forms, such as the AVRO project, they are aircraft of conventional design and should not be regarded as supra-natural or mysterious. We expect to develop all-wing shapes and perhaps other configurations as we progress, and if manned, they will still be manned by normal terrestrial airmen. Other than reducing, perhaps, the visibility factor, we do not expect vertical-rising aircraft to have more outstanding military characteristics."

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text in the document reads:

"Vertical-rising aircraft capable of transition to horizontal flight will be a new phenomenon on our skies, and under certain conditions could give the illusion of the so-called flying saucers. Some developments on Defense will make necessary to keep these developments so they can be recognized for what they are."

Mr. Charles added: "I think we must recognize that other countries also have the capability of developing vertical-rising aircraft, perhaps of unconventional shapes. However, we should not assume anything relative to the identification of these developments as being necessarily of foreign origin."

END

Attachment

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

SUMMARY
(Analysis of Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects)

Reports of unidentified aerial objects (popularly termed "flying saucers" or "flying discs") have been received by the U.S. Air Force since mid-1947 from many and diverse sources. Although there was no evidence that the unexplained reports of unidentified objects constituted a threat to the security of the United States, the Air Force determined that all reports of unidentified aerial objects should be investigated and evaluated so that any pattern or trend inherent in the data could be discovered. 

In order to discover any pertinent trend or pattern inherent in the data, and to evaluate or explain any trend or pattern found, appropriate methods of scientific appraisal were employed. In general, the original data, upon which this analysis was based, contained a few well-described and factual reports, but a majority were found to be vague, sketchy, and indefinite, being composed of fragmentary reports of UNKNOWNS, reports of relatively improbable events, and seldom contained reliable measurements or major limitations to the drawing or significant conclusions; but did not involve any applications of scientific methods of study.

The reports received by the U.S. Air Force on unidentified aerial objects were reduced to IBM punched card abstracts of data by means of logically developed forms and standardized evaluation procedures. Evaluation of the various characteristics of the reports for statistical treatment consisted of an appraisal of the reports and the catalogization of the object or objects described in each report. A detailed description of this study, together with the original texts of the reports, is maintained in the files of the Air Technical Intelligence Center. 

Analysis of the refined and evaluated data derived from the original reports of sightings consisted of (1) a systematic attempt to ferret out any distinguishing characteristics inherent in the data of any of the UNKNOWNS, (2) a concentrated study of any trend or pattern found, and (3) an assessment of the probability of the UNKNOWNS representing observations of technological developments not known to this country.

The first step in the analysis of the data revealed the existence of certain apparent similarities in the categories of objects definitely identified and those not identified. Statistical methods were employed to determine the probability that any of the UNKNOWNS represented observations of technological developments not known to this country.

MORE

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. However, the image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

The special study which resulted in this report (Analysis of Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects, 5 May 1955) started in 1953. To provide the study group with a complete set of files, their national security classification will be noted that the statistics contained in all tables and figures in this report are recommended with the year 1952. In these cases the cases contained in tables and figures in this report have been eliminated with the year 1952.

As the study progressed, a constant program was maintained for the purpose of making comparisons between the current cases received after 1 January 1953, and those being used for the report. This was done in order that any change or significant trend which might arise from current developments could be incorporated in the summary of the 1953 and 1954 cases show a general and expected trend of increasing percentages in the finally identified categories. They also show decreasing percentages in those where there was insufficient information and those where the phenomena could not be explained.

Official reports on hand at the end of 1954 totaled 4834. Of these, 1225 were produced in 1953 and 1229 in 1954. These 1953 and 1954 individual reports (a total of 2454) were evaluated on the same basis as were those received before the end of 1952. The results are as follows:

Balloons ................... 16 per cent
Aircraft ................... 20 per cent
Astronomical ................ 25 per cent
Other ...................... 13 per cent
Insufficient Information .... 17 per cent
Unknown .................... 9 per cent

As the study of the current cases progressed, it became increasingly clear that if reporting procedures could be further improved, the percentages of those cases which continued insufficient information and those remaining unexplained would be greatly reduced. The key to a higher percentage of solutions appeared to be in rapid 'on the spot' investigations by trained personnel. On the basis of this, a revised program was established by Air Projects. (Evaluated 1953 and 1954 cases added 12 August 1954).

This new program, which had begun to show marked results before January 1955, provided primarily that the 4502d Air Intelligence Service Squadron would carry out all field investigations. This squadron has sufficient units and is so deployed to all sites within a very short time when required. The Technical Intelligence Service Squadron, all information is supplied to the Air Technical Intelligence Center for final evaluation. This cooperative program has resulted, since 1 January 1955, in reducing the insufficient information cases to three percent of the totals.

- page 8 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page discusses the evaluation of unidentified serial object reports received during the period of January 1, 1955 to May 5, 1955.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

The period 1 January 1955 to 5 May 1955 accounted for 131 unidentified serial object reports received. Evaluation percentages of these are as follows:

Balloons ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 26 per cent
Aircraft ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 21 per cent
Astronomical ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 23 per cent
Other ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 20 per cent
Insufficient information ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 7 per cent
Unknown ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 3 per cent

All available data were inadequately studied which was a pre-pared by a panel of scientists both in and out of the Air Force. On the basis of this study, it is believed that all the unidentified aerial objects could have been explained if more complete observational data had been available. However, the reported serial objects which still remain unexplained are concerned, there exists little hope of their being identified since the instrumental records, interpretations and reports which had been replaced by the use of improved methods of investigation and reporting. And the number of unexplained cases has decreased rapidly towards the vanishing point.

It is considered to be highly improbable that reports of unidentified serial objects examined in this study represent observations of technological developments outside of the range of present-day scientific knowledge. It is emphasized that there has been a com- plete lack of any valid evidence of physical matter in any case of a reported unidentified aerial object.

END

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

OFFICE OF PUBLIC INFORMATION
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

U. S. AIR FORCE SUMMARY OF EVENTS AND INFORMATION
CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT PROGRAM

The Air Force feels a very definite obligation to identify and analyze things appearing in the air which have been observed, because of the United States and, because of that feeling of obligation and pursuit of that interest, the Air Force has a definite program established.

This program was established in 1947 when unidentified flying objects were being reported in various parts of the United States. The program continues to a total of 429 in 1959.

From a survey of the volume of sightings received by the Air Force, it has been determined that cover 90 per cent are readily explainable as being known objects. Generally, sighted objects fall in the category of balloons, aircraft, astronomical bodies, and birds, except for reports of unidentified flying objects resulting from either radar or visual sightings.

Explanations pertaining to a physical, meteorological and civilian radar facilities are as follows:

1. Temperature inversion reflections can give a return on a radar scope that is hard to distinguish from an airplane, but close study of these returns reveals their fantastic nature. The "objects" also appear to stop in flight, to suddenly disappear, and to return to fantastic rates.

To possibly bear out the theory of temperature inversion reflection is an incident which occurred in January 1951 near Oakride, Tennessee. Two air force interceptors attempted to close on the "objects" but their altitude at the time was only a fraction of what the "objects" were at when their radar track was lost.

Iridescent clouds have occurred that could be considered as unidentified flying objects. Investigation has revealed, however, that these phenomena are quite natural in character and undoubtedly can account for some of the sightings. There also has been evidence of refraction between radar stations, and inhomrogeneous objects, obviously, when they occur, would be very difficult to identify.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

"The radar screen has picked up circles and in the case of ducks, an explanation of known types of visual sightings as follows:

1. Present-day jet aircraft, flying at tremendous speeds and high altitudes. These differ from the polished surface aircraft can be seen plainly and distinctly is too distant to be visible. This type of jet aircraft sight trail and often this is seen rather than the aircraft itself.

2. Weather balloons account for a substantial number of sightings. Virtually every such balloons is used for upper air research and are frequently monitored and tracked by radar. They are very good reflective qualities, carry sufficient illumination and are visible often at great distances.

3. In addition to the ordinary weather balloons, large 90-foot balloons, which sometimes drift from test to coast, are used for upper air research. These balloons also have a high reflective quality and are visible at extreme distances.

4. Frequently, unusually bright meteors and planets will cause a flurry of reports, sometimes from relatively inexperienced observers. At certain times, normal objects such as stars and planets can and do appear to be moving erratically due to atmospheric conditions. Since the factors on the other hand of rapid rate of speed, direction reversal, and other behavior are inconsistent for both astronomical and conventional craft, these reports of UFOs have shown a tendency to increase during these periods.

5. Some cases arise which, on the basis of information received, are of considerable interest. The objects appear metallic in color, have definite shape and outline, and perform maneuvers and speeds of a kind cannot be matched by conventional craft. It is believed that these constitute the relatively small percentage of reports that merit further investigation. However, the majority of these sightings may be explainable on the basis of familiar and known objects rather than being objects that are truly unidentified."

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text extracted from the document:

In the analysis and investigation of the radar and visual sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena, certain factors indicate that a great deal of caution must be exercised in arriving at conclusions. As of this writing, we have no conclusive evidence that would substantiate the existence of phenomena which cannot be explained by present day scientific knowledge.

Another misconception centers about photographic evidence of unidentified flying objects. As this is a purely subjective area, due to the various techniques used, this type of evidence is considered the least reliable. Lens distortion, atmospheric conditions, reflection, and other factors can easily distort the true image and result in a photograph that does not accurately represent the original object.

More attention is given to moving pictures of unidentified flying objects. Since early 1950, the Air Force has received numerous reports of films purported to be of such objects. However, when these films are analyzed, they reveal only insignificant and very brief glimpses of distant and poorly defined points of light, unworthy of detailed analysis. Scrutinizing such films is a very difficult and unsatisfactory process.

The lack of completely satisfactory reports on all types is most disappointing. Reliable visual and photographic evidence is scarce. The cases which have been carefully investigated reveal little more than indistinct and fragmentary information. A thorough and comprehensive system of reporting and investigation would appear to be essential but has not yet been achieved.

The Air Force took a further step in early 1953 by acquiring various techniques in the field of miniaturized camera photography. These techniques were distributed to various military installations. This type of effort has to be encouraged, since much more reliable information can be obtained from carefully planned and executed photographic techniques. All photographic data received is subjected to the most intensive analysis and evaluation, but the results have not been fully satisfactory.

- page 12 -

The image appears to contain three illustrations depicting various UFO-like objects. The top illustration shows a disc-shaped object with several dome-like structures on its surface. The middle illustration depicts an elongated, cigar-shaped object. The bottom illustration shows another elongated, disc-like object with a textured or patterned surface.

Text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

AFFIDAVITS SUBMITTED BY WITNESSES OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS OVER KEESLER AIR FORCE BASE, MISSISSIPPI, ON OCTOBER 10, 1957

AFFIDAVIT

I, JOHN DOE, being duly sworn, depose and say:

On the night of October 10, 1957, at approximately 7:30 p.m., I was on duty as a security guard at Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi. While making my rounds, I observed a large, bright, disc-shaped object hovering approximately 500 feet above the northwest corner of the base. The object appeared to be approximately 50 feet in diameter and was emitting a pulsating white light. I watched the object for approximately 5 minutes before it rapidly accelerated and disappeared from view.

I have carefully read the above statement and it is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

JOHN DOE
Security Guard
Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of October, 1957.

WILLIAM SMITH
Notary Public

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

It may be concluded from the above that past experience indicates that a new policy concerning investigations must be developed. There was an increase in public interest which caused an increase in the number of articles on the subject; however, this trend has been noted previously.

In order to overcome the lack of basic data, it is necessary to standardize reporting procedures. Specific descriptions in regard to size, location, speed, motion, sound, and duration are necessary in order that the information thus obtained will be useful.

For observers who wish to report unidentified aerial objects, the following procedures are established to turn in a brief basic summary form. It would be appreciated if observers would send in a complete form for their observation.

If and when new developments turn up in this program, the Air Force will keep the public informed.

- page 14 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs or images, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page consists of a form with various fields to be filled out, including information about the sighting such as the date, time, location, description, and other relevant details.

TEXT OUTPUT:
A 3EPORT ON WHAT YOU SAW

TIME OF SIGHTING: 
DATE:
PLACE:
SIZE:
COURSE OR DIRECTION OF FLIGHT: 
SPEED:
ALTITUDE:
DIRECTION OF TRAVEL:
MANEUVER PATTERN:
SHAPE:
SOUND:
LENGTH OF TIME OBSERVED:
ANY CONDITION:
VISIBILITY:
GROUND DIRECTION OF WIND: 
NAME, ADDRESS OR OBSERVER:

REMARKS: (General description of what you saw) (Use reverse if necessary)

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a memo routing slip form.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
NAME OR TITLE: M. a. gg
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: Case . Gilbert 
4C

REMARKS:
1. Under the circumstances (3 days to prepare a training course on UFOs), I believe this draft will profile the general requirements.
2. Provide techniques and guidance to investigators, and arrange for interagency cooperation between Air Force scientific and UFO study people. Meetings scheduled 19 AUG are encouraging.
3. Literature review and hand out standard on findings, to be furnished to all interested parties 

FROM NAME OR TITLE: A. Gregory
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: 

FORM DD 95 (FEB 50)

- page 16 -

The image contains a photograph of a new radar plane, described as a "new saucer-domed radar plane" that is in the planning stage. The text states that this new type of aircraft may easily be mistaken for an unfamiliar flying object due to its unique configuration.

NEW FLYING OBJECTS

A new saucer-domed radar plane, now in the planning stage, is an example of an unfamiliar type of aircraft which, to the uninitiated observer, might appear to fall into the unidentified flying object category.

Technical advancements in the field of supersonic rockets to gather weather data offer possibilities for radar detection of apparently unidentified flying objects. Rockets will be shot into the stratosphere at 3000-plus miles per hour. At a height of 20 miles or more, their wakes will explode and release a cloud of metal foil fragments, which will be tracked by radar to learn wind velocity and direction.

The construction and successful launching of man-made satellites into the edge of space above the earth is part of the International Geophysical Year program, which began on 1 July 1957, may lead to reports of unidentified flying objects. The United States expects to launch a scientific data-gathering satellite in 1958 at the latest. At least one other country has announced intentions of duplicating this feat.

This new radar plane may easily be mistaken for an unfamiliar flying object, under unusual weather conditions, because of its unique configuration.

- page 17 -

The image contains a photograph of a delta-wing jet bomber that the text describes as having an "unusual configuration". The text provides details about the satellite developed by United States scientists, including that it is a highly-polished, 20-inch sphere to be propelled aloft by a three-stage rocket. The text also mentions that many new types of delta-wing aircraft are under development and that the unusual configuration of this aircraft lends itself to possible confusion with unidentified flying objects.

New USAF delta-wing jet bomber shows unusual configuration.
The satellite developed by United States scientists is a highly-polished, 20-inch sphere to be propelled aloft by a three-stage rocket. As planned originally it is at a height of about 300 miles and is in an elliptical orbit that will permit its sighting from positions in Europe, North Africa and the Middle East. Although the satellite's size will appear very minute at such an extreme altitude, its reflection will be visible to the naked eye under certain weather conditions. Its terrific speed will carry it from one horizon to the other, within the view of an observer, in less than 20 minutes.
Many new types of delta-wing aircraft are under development and some are in production at this time. Certain types are capable of vertical take-off. The unusual configuration of this aircraft lends itself to possible confusion with unidentified flying objects, and a vertical take-off might add to the observer's failure to identify it as a known object.
Analysis thus far has failed to provide a satisfactory explanation for a number of unidentified flying objects. An understanding of some of the phenomena which may cause familiar objects to assume unfamiliar characteristics, together with an awareness of the many new developments in aircraft configurations, will result in fewer sightings of this nature. Rational reporting will facilitate analysis of those sightings reported as unidentifiable.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, discussing the "Meteorological and Astronomical Aspects" related to UFO sightings.

The text on the page is as follows:

SECTION II

Meteorological and Astronomical Aspects

Scientists have been exploring the mysteries of the universe for many centuries and today know a great deal about the composition of the galaxy which includes the earth among its many planets, stars, and other celestial bodies. Yet, many questions remain unanswered and the search for more knowledge in the broad field of astronomy continues. The aim is true regarding the earth's atmosphere, and, although considerably more is known regarding the natural laws which govern the sea and air around the earth, there are many aspects of meteorology that are still full of mystery.

It is not unusual for the mind to become confused by garbled messages, caused by unusual astronomical and meteorological conditions and transmitted to the eye. Thus, the sky has been the setting for many strange sights which were not readily understood. Many may have been the result of unusual astronomical and meteorological phenomena which, though scientifically explained, nevertheless, many types of illusions which appear to be flying objects can definitely be related to astronomical and meteorological phenomena.

Under certain weather conditions, reflection and refraction processes can transform conventional aircraft, automobile lights, planets, meteors, and other identifiable figures into apparently supersonic flying objects of many shapes and colors. Clouds, haze, industrial smoke, water droplets and ice particles in the atmosphere can make possible reflections and refractions through which many illusions of flying objects are seen. Car lights reflecting across the sky at terrific speeds. Other light sources can produce similar illusions with approximate variations, many of which even have specific colors provided by refraction of the light through water and ice particles in the atmosphere.

MIRAGES

One of the most common causes for optical illusions of distorted and displaced objects is the mirage. Warm air has a lower refractive index than cold air. The air is normally warmer at the surface of the earth and progressively cooler as a higher altitude is reached. It is through such atmospheric conditions that distant objects are usually viewed. However, when the mind becomes accustomed

- page 19 -

The image appears to contain a diagram or illustration rather than a photograph. The diagram depicts three different atmospheric conditions or phenomena labeled as "1. Caused by Temperature Inversion", "2. Normal Conditions", and "3. Caused by Extremely Warm Surface Air". The diagram also includes labels for "Normal Horizon" and "Restricted Horizon".

1. Caused by Temperature Inversion:
2. Normal Conditions
3. Caused by Extremely Warm Surface Air

TO DISTANT HORIZON

NORMAL HORIZON

RESTRICTED HORIZON

- page 20 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an old UFO report document.

The OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text in the document is as follows:

to the impressions conveyed to it through the eye in this normal per- spective. Light rays normally travel in a concave path that interacts with the horizon. When the normal temperature distribution is upset, the light rays bend accordingly and optical phenomena result. Causes of mirage follow two basic patterns:

(1) When the surface air is exceptionally warm, the air expands and becomes less dense, causing the convex path to shorten and, under extremely hot conditions, even to become concave.

(2) Under conditions of a temperature inversion, with a layer of warm air over cold air, the path of light rays will lengthen to parallel the earth's surface at greater distances.

These disturbing conditions can cause mirage and eye will see unfamiliar or displaced and distorted images, which the mind is not immediately capable of interpreting correctly. Realistically proper- tioned mountains, cities and seas may be projected high into the atmosphere. On the other hand, land areas may be distorted and appear as separate images floating in the sky, giving the impression of suspended or flying objects. For an aircraft in flight, a cigar- shaped illusion of a land mass can change size dramatically with changes of only a few feet in altitude of the observer's aircraft, therefore, at extremely low and extreme speeds, going away from the observer eye contact is true at night in the case of objects formed by such light sources as search-lights, glow of lights from cities, automobile headlights, and celestial bodies. A tempera- ture inversion can reflect the image of an aircraft to another loca- tion in the sky and mirror it as two aircraft, perfectly joined, with one aircraft inverted below the other.

All common mirage, based primarily on temperature distri- bution, is of course only one type of the numerous meteorological phenomena producing aerial apparitions. Others are caused by reflection and refraction of light through various atmospheric structures, such as different types of clouds, water droplets, ice and frost formations, haze, and smoke. Combinations of meteorological situations, and even combinations of meteorological and astronomical conditions, can produce startling effects.

REFLECTIONAL DISPERSION

Combined refraction and dispersion of the earth's atmosphere can cause a celestial body to appear to be at a different location in space and distort its normal color at different locations in the sky. On the horizon, this condition is particularly prevalent. The planet Venus, for instance, will often appear bright red on the bottom and bright blue at the top edge, thereby giving the illusion of a flying saucer.

13

- page 21 -

The image contains a black and white photograph of a snow-capped mountain, described as a mirage experienced by a pilot who witnessed the phenomenon. The document discusses how under certain atmospheric conditions, land masses may appear as cigar-shaped flying objects, and describes the characteristics of such objects, including emitting red exhaust trails and exhibiting erratic behavior and fantastic shapes. The document also mentions planets such as Venus and Mars, which are commonly mistaken for flying objects, and provides details on when they can be observed in the night sky.

OCR output:

This snow-capped mountain, viewed from an aircraft, is actually a mirage, as described by a pilot who experienced the phenomenon. Under other type mirage conditions, land masses may appear as cigar-shaped flying objects.

Object emitting red exhaust trails. An observer flying in an aircraft may easily mistake such an apparition for a flying object. As the aircraft moves through the atmosphere at an advanced speed, the object thus may assume apparent characteristics of erratic behavior and fantastic shapes and colors.

PLANETS
Although there are other planets that may resemble flying objects under certain conditions, Venus and Mars are most commonly mistaken in this sense. Venus is the brightest, can be seen in daylight and most of the year. This planet is a morning star from January to April, and an evening star during the remainder of the year.

- page 22 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object that appears to be an aircraft. The text accompanying the image discusses comets and meteors and their effect on the field of mistakenly-identified flying objects. It also mentions that under certain atmospheric conditions, an aircraft can appear to be mirrored in its own reflection, and that this phenomenon may be further exaggerated by distortion through haze or mist.

In the text:
In the past, both Venus and Mars, when low on the horizon, have been observed to change color and move at fantastic speeds. This phenomenon appears low on the horizon during the spring and is unusually bright. Mars has been reported to resemble a flying object when it was low on the horizon in early summer. If one of these planets is starred at for any length of time without any blinking motion of reference, it can appear to perform erratic maneuvers. Thus, the planets of brighter magnitude in our galaxy provide a constant source of illusionary flying objects.
Comets and meteors have their effect in the field of mistakenly-identified flying objects, although sightings of comets are rare simply because their incidence is so low.
Comets are nebulous bodies revolving around the sun for the most part in long ellipses. Although their periodic returns are certain, many such as Halley's comet, which is expected to return, are sometimes missed owing to ellipses, can be expected to return. The nucleus of a comet, a minute disk of condensed light, sometimes in brilliance the nearer its orbit brings it to the earth. Some comets become bright enough to be discerned even in daylight. Since the long tail of the typical comet is composed of matter repelled away from the sun, it may either follow or precede the head, depending on whether it is approaching or going away from the sun.
Under certain atmospheric conditions, an aircraft, such as the C-118 portrayed here, can appear to be mirrored in its own reflection. The fantasy of this phenomenon may be further exaggerated by distortion through haze or mist.

- page 23 -

The image contains a photograph of text that appears to be an excerpt from a Project Blue Book report on meteors. The text discusses the characteristics and behavior of meteors, including their appearance as bright balls or disks with fiery tails, their high speeds, and their potential to be mistaken for other objects. The text also mentions the appearance and behavior of large meteors, which can cross the horizon and travel at high speeds. Overall, the text provides a detailed scientific description of meteors and their properties.

Text extracted from the image:

Meteors are particles continually entering the earth's atmosphere where they become so intensely heated they turn into incandescent gas. Theories on the origin of meteors are largely controversial; however, educated guesses range from dissipated comets to disintegrated planets. It is estimated that 24,000,000 meteors, which can be observed by the naked eye, enter the earth's atmosphere during the 24-hour period. These space travelers are of various sizes, ranging from microscopic particles weighing less than one-millionth of a ton.

Bright meteors are known as fireballs. The ones which penetrate the lower parts of the atmosphere, where they explode with a noise like distant thunder, are called bolides. These are rare--probably no more than a few dozen annually. During such bursts of energy, the body is usually consumed by friction heat after it enters the atmosphere, eventually collides with the earth's surface, or is dissipated meteorically which about 2,000 of these latter enter the earth's atmosphere during an average year.

The appearance and behavior of meteors streaking through the earth's atmosphere takes various fantastic forms, depending upon their size and composition and the meteorological conditions through which they are traveling. A meteor with the brilliance of the Pole Star can be caused by a particle no larger than a grain of sand. A particle smaller than a pin point can produce a fireball. Examination discovered meteors reveals that most are irregular in shape; however, many become conicially shaped in their passage through the earth's atmosphere.

Meteors may appear as bright balls or disks with fiery tails, which could be mistaken for jet or rocket-type exhausts. It is not uncommon for meteors to appear as a burning fireball, with colors ranging from dull red to bright green, and they may even travel in clusters, giving the appearance of flying objects in formation.

Meteors may also move relatively slowly and appear to follow a predetermined path parallel, thereby slowing strengthening to the illusion of an intelligently directed performance.

Large meteors have long paths and may cross from one horizon to the other in the view of one observer and pass far beyond. They travel the same distance as the earth in its orbit and their speed upon entering the earth's atmosphere varies. Those meteors overtaking the earth during the evening hours may travel initially as slowly as seven miles per second, while those meeting the earth's rotation head-on during morning hours can be traveling more than 40 miles per second. Multiply these types of speeds by their mass and a variety of astronomical and elementary meteorological phenomena and the prospects for illusionary flying objects are considerably increased.

- page 24 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be an illustration or diagram depicting "Aids to Identification of Flying Objects". The text in the image states "Aids to Identification of Flying Objects".

Text extracted from the image:

Aids to 
Identification 
of
Flying Objects

- page 25 -

The image appears to contain a black and white illustration of an artist's concept of an actual meteor procession. The illustration depicts a night sky with a celestial object or spacecraft in the foreground and a mountain or structure in the background. The text below the illustration discusses the phenomenon of "sundogs and moondogs," which is the reflection of the sun or moon in a layer of flat ice crystals, creating an optical illusion.

Text transcription:
SUNDOGS AND MOONDOGS
The reflection of the sun in a layer of flat ice crystals can cause a phenomenon known as a sub-sun, commonly called a "sundog". This apparition will appear at a point adjacent to the real sun and can be brilliant as the sun itself. The sub-sun can develop a pattern of other sub-suns, causing a further complicated illusion. At night, the moon will reflect in the same manner under like meteorological conditions. This type of apparition is particularly discernible at higher altitudes.
The size and brilliance of sundogs and moondogs, and their behavior in relation to the observer's aircraft, will depend upon the location and density of the reflecting source, i.e., ice or frost-crystal formations, upon the position and movement of the aircraft. The sundog or moondog may appear to chase the aircraft or fly in formation with it. If the aircraft turns toward the illusion, it may appear to slow down, speed up, and even come toward the aircraft head-on.
Cirrus cloud formations are effective viewing screens for illusions resulting from reflected or refracted light, as they contain ice crystals. These clouds exist in the upper atmosphere, so that conditions are favorable throughout the year for sundog and moondog apparitions. However, such phenomena usually are discernible at lower levels only during winter months in temperate zones.

- page 26 -

The image appears to depict a photograph of a night sky with a cloud-like formation resembling a "moon-dog" - a weather phenomenon where light is refracted through ice crystals in the atmosphere, creating a halo-like effect around the moon. The caption beneath the image explains that this moon-dog effect could be viewed from an aircraft at two o'clock high from the one shown in the picture.

The text below the image is an excerpt describing the aurora borealis, or northern lights, which can produce conditions associated with mysterious flying objects. The text discusses the characteristics and behavior of the aurora, including its association with the Earth's magnetic field and solar activity, as well as its visibility and appearance.

OCR Text Output:
AURORAS
The aurora borealis, or northern lights, produce conditions and phenomena which have been associated with mistakenly-conceived flying objects. Auroral activity is associated with the earth's magnetic field and electric disturbances on the surface of the sun, and other solar activity. The auroral zone in the northern hemisphere follows roughly a circle around, and about 23 degrees away from the magnetic pole. In Europe, auroras are seen only infrequently below 50 degrees.
The aurora borealis cannot be seen in daylight, and during moon-lit periods it is inconspicuous. It is sometimes a bright enough to read by, and on rare occasions, its surface brightness surpasses even that of the moon. The most distinctive form of the aurora is that of a curtain or band of light extending across the sky, though the lower edge of the aurora is nearly horizontal, the band as seen from Europe would appear somewhat higher due to its great distance from the observer. Auroras may consist of more than one curtain and may appear and disappear rapidly, remain constant for long periods, or move slowly across the sky. Some may appear merely as a diffused lighting in the sky. Faint auroras may appear colorless. Bright auroras are usually yellow-green, but other colors such as red, blue, green, and violet are sometimes seen. A red curtain with a yellow-green base will often be tinged with red around its lower edge.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Aurorae may appear high in the sky or low on the horizon, depending on the distance of the particular phenomenon from the observer.

While the chances of the aurora borealis itself being mistaken for a flying object are remote, the erratic lighting conditions it produces may often be a contributing factor to a sighting.

There are other phenomena believed to be associated with aurorae activity which can produce apparitions resembling flying objects. Such phenomena occur during magnetic storms and probably also are the result of ionized gas emission on the sun, which occurs particularly in the northwest Europe, was described as a large brilliant disk which appeared on the east-northeast horizon and moved slowly across the sky, changing into an elongated ellipse, thence back to a disk before it disappeared below the opposite horizon.

This phenomenon was observed by many scientists who were out in force to observe expected auroral displays in connection with the magnetic storm. They knew that it was probably due to high layers of the upper atmosphere in the auroral zone. Its color was described variously as white, pale-white, greenish-white and yellowish-white. Calculations based on numerous observations of the phenomenon indicate that it may have been above 70 miles in diameter.

This phenomenon occurred before the advent of the airplane and all observed movements and brilliance could be associated with high-altitude and distance and were explained as being caused by compatible atmospheric conditions. Official astronomical records reveal numerous equally fantastic illusions resulting from phenomena of this sort.

The composition and structure of the earth's atmosphere and the space which lies beyond, and the natural laws which govern them, are complex. The foregoing is not an attempt to relate all apparently unexplicable aerial phenomena to meteorological and astronomical causes. Rather, it is a summation of the more important aspects of meteorology and astronomy which contribute to sightings of illusionary and real flying objects that cannot be identified readily. The information is designed to orient the potential observer whoever or whatever is meteorological and astronomical conditions which may enable him to understand the implications involved and perhaps his sightings more rationally and lucidly.

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text about radar sightings.

SECTION III
Radar Sightings
In certain instances, unidentified objects have been observed on radar scopes, both ground and airborne. Generally speaking these radar sightings fall into explainable patterns and are caused by certain meteorological phenomena, or familiar objects that are observed under unusual circumstances.
Radar echoes can be produced by a variety of objects, many of which are not visible to the human eye and yet are detected on the radar scope. Anything which returns radar signals, such as birds, aircraft and meteorological balloons, are normally recognisable by their size and velocity. However, some balloons, such as ionospheric balloons, ascend to altitudes above those of normal aircraft and travel with the upper air currents, sometimes at speeds above 100 mph. Radar returns from these balloons could give impressions of unidentified objects.
Certain meteorological and astronomical conditions will present radar returns that are unusual. Radar waves must travel through the earth's atmosphere where, like light waves, they may be bent by natural temperature and moisture conditions. Radar waves may be refracted or reflected by atmospheric conditions to where ground objects appear to represent an aircraft or flying object. Even moving target indicators, reflected images of distant ground objects may appear to be moving because of the movement of air layers.
Temperatures inversions, in which a cold air mass is overlaid by a warmer air mass, can greatly increase the distance from which radar returns are received. Thus, objects may appear to be much closer than they actually are. Such duplication and distance distortions, misinterpretation and confusion.
Radar echoes may be produced by condensed water vapor in the form of rain, snow, or snow. These radar reflections may cover a wide area which has diffused, irregular boundaries and fluctuating intensities. Movement of this water in the form of winds or upper air currents, which travel at a speed of as much as 100 mph, can produce radar returns at altitudes up to 40,000 feet. Normally these patterns are recognisable by their size and radar return; however, they may appear confusing and result in false interpretations.

- page 29 -

The image contains a diagram illustrating how radar pulses interact with the earth's surface and atmosphere. The diagram includes labels for the "radar", "earth's surface", and "shadow zone". There is also a radar scope image showing targets "A" and "B" at different ranges, with a note that the radarscope will not pick up Target "C" which is closer.

Text from the document:

The transmission of a radar pulse, under normal atmospheric conditions, follows line of sight. Therefore the curvature of the earth would place Target "C" in the shadow zone.

Meteors that enter the earth's atmosphere and get within range of radar cause reflections that are extremely difficult to verify. Meteors reach the outer fringe of the earth's atmosphere at a rate of something near 100,000 miles per hour, although only a very few of these actually get within range of being detected by radar. Radar reports resulting from this type of phenomena can be verified by a study of the expected paths of meteors at the time of the incident.

In addition, there is the possibility that one radar set, which has characteristics similar to those of another radar set within range, may in some cases lead to confusion and inaccurate interpretations. Although this type of interference is unlikely, it cannot be discounted.

- page 30 -

The image appears to contain a diagram and text discussing radar and the formation of ducts under certain atmospheric conditions. The diagram shows a radar pulse traveling through a duct formed by a warmer air mass overlaying cooler air, which can cause the radar pulse to travel farther than it would normally. The text explains that under these abnormal conditions, the radar scope may show targets at greater distances than they actually are.

The text also discusses the importance of carefully studying unusual radar sightings, as they can provide the operator with the ability to recognize most unusual phenomena that may occur. However, the text notes that a verification of meteorological or astronomical data may be necessary to substantiate the validity of what an unusual flying object might be considered.

OCR OUTPUT:

Under abnormal conditions, with cool air overlaid by a warmer air mass, a duct is formed through which the radar pulse travels and reflects Target "C" at a much greater distance.
The radarscope will show Targets "A" and "B" at normal ranges, but distant Target "C" closer ranges than it actually is.
Difference may cause the appearance of one or even two targets on the radar screen. It can generally be recognized quite easily.
A careful study of unusual radar sightings will almost always disclose that the display is explainable. Experience in the operation of radar will provide the operator with the ability to recognize most unusual phenomena when they occur. However, occasionally a verification of meteorological or astronomical data may be necessary to substantiate the validity of what an unusual flying object might be considered an unfamiliar flying object.

- page 31 -

The image contains no photograph or visual content, only text. As requested, I will perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text and provide the full transcription below:

SECTION IV

Physiological Aspects

Physiological factors may have profound effects upon an individual's ability to observe and to interpret observations accurately. One of the greatest hindrances to human understanding can result from deception of the senses. The sense of sight is, by itself, purely a physical process and the perception and understanding attached to certain sights is determined largely by memory of past experiences and familiarity with surrounding objects. This relation of experiences to the interpretation of visual sightings permits many errors.

This margin of error may be applicable particularly to aircrew members operating high-performance aircraft, under adverse or unusual weather conditions, under tension, and during periods of extreme fatigue.

The aircrew member is generally familiar with many of the unusual observations associated with meteorological and astronomical phenomena. However, many unusual observations are the result of certain physiological effects that may be unknown or unfamiliar.

Occasionally, objects that exist on the surface of the eye may be mistaken for distant objects. These objects take various forms. They specks of dirt may appear as shimmering globules of light and, if a speck is illuminated by a outside light source, it may appear as a large, well-defined glow of light. If this speck is viewed against a dark sky or background, it may be quite spectacular. As this speck floats across the pupil of the eye, it will create the appearance of movement.

Many reported unidentified objects, described as flying saucers, glowing disks, shiny spots or a string of pearls, are nothing more than minute blood capillaries on the surface of the retina of the eye, or tiny corpuscles, which become visible under special conditions of illumination.

Another physiological phenomenon is that of after-image. A sudden flash of light affects the retina of the eye and causes a dark image to remain visible for some time after the light has been extinguished. This will cause this effect and may be confused and interpreted as unidentified flying objects.

25

- page 32 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text describing various physiological effects that can occur during high-altitude flight, including hypoxia, fatigue, and issues with visual perception.

Hypoxia, resulting from lack of oxygen, has varying effects on the ability to react and to observe accurately. The effects of hypoxia may vary much in the same manner as those of alcoholic intoxication. Usually vision is affected, reactions are retarded, and observations are distorted. An oxygen mask leak may cause alternating stages of hypoxia and normally, with the individual often being unaware of these changes.

In a series of tests conducted at the USAF School of Aviation Medicine to determine the effects of fatigue, it was discovered that extreme fatigue may cause an individual to hallucinate, imagining that he sees a variety of unusual objects, and with a vivid sense to make them seem quite real. Fatigue, even in minor degrees, will slow down reaction time and reduce ability to observe and interpret observations.

Two phenomena that occur frequently are those of autohypnosis and autokinesis. In both of these reactions, a stationary light will assume apparent movement. In autohypnosis, this reaction is caused by continued attention to an external light source. Autokinesis is the result of observing a stationary light under circumstances in which the environment relation to familiar objects is absent.

There is strong evidence that a great many visual problems, both physical and physiological, arise as a direct result of flight at high altitudes. When viewing targets at relatively low altitudes, the ability of distant targets will be reduced by atmospheric haze. This is because light emanating from objects in space is gradually attenuated by absorption and by primary and secondary scattering along the pathway of sight.

Along with the variation of the contrast by atmospheric interference, there is a shift of the apparent contours. This has been discussed by experts at the USAF School of Aviation Medicine. From these studies, it was concluded that the apparent angular and apparent distance of objects depend on the brightness and luminance of the object as well as on the deviation of the apparent luminance from the actual luminance of an object in space will result in the object's appearing brighter than it actually is. This may result in false identification of a normally familiar object.

The physiological effects enumerated above are but a few of the manifestations resulting from known reactions. Many physiological effects resulting from high-performance flight are still in the category of unknowns. However, these factors greatly influence one's ability to understand and interpret sensory reactions. If recognized by the aircrew member, they may aid in identifying unfamiliar objects in flight.

- page 33 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs, only text. Proceeding to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

SECTION V

Psychological Aspects

Reasoning ability, degree of susceptibility to suggestion, and general mental attitude are vital factors in identifying and reporting flying objects. Failure to note details accurately and a tendency to overdraw descriptions of sightings can result in failure to identify. An over-creative imagination, coupled with physiological strain, can transform unfamiliar meteorological or astronomical phenomena and light observations into unidentified flying objects.

Perception and feeling are closely related and can have a marked effect upon understanding. Mediation in many instances determines how we interpret what we see, and expectancy can induce manifestations which are indirectly related to actual physical phenomena or objects. The separation of what may be observed through the senses from what is known through thought or intuition is difficult. However, an objective attitude, which permits assessment of observed characteristics, rather than suppositions or theories, will assist the observer in avoiding distorted descriptions.

It has been suggested that the world each of us knows is a world created in large measure from our experience in dealing with our environment. When two points of light, one brighter than the other, are placed in such a distance from an observer that they appear the same bright, the dimmer light, if one eye is closed and the observer remains motionless, the direction from the observer as well as a difference in brightness, will readily be an apparent variance in distance. Should two equally bright lights be placed near the floor, one above the other, the upper light will appear to be at a greater distance from the observer than the lower one. Conversely, when the lights are placed near the ceiling or the floor, the lower light will appear nearer the observer.

When two partially inflated balloons are illuminated indirectly and fastened in positions about one foot apart, where their relative brightness and inflation can be controlled, the observer will experience a variety of reactions as to what he saw.

If the brightness and size of the two balloons remain the same and the observer views them with one eye at a distance of approximately five feet, the two balloons will appear in their relative position. If the relative sizes are changed and the brightness remains the same, the larger balloon usually appears nearer. When positions are changed, the larger balloon usually appears nearer.

27

- page 34 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The text appears to be discussing the effects of the size and brightness of objects on visual perception and the observer's interpretation of the object's characteristics. The text does not mention or identify any specific individuals.

Transcribed text:

the size is changed continuously, the lighted balloons seem to move less effected with the effect of arrest/ lowernment of lighted spirres through space. This is true even when observed with both eyes. If the relative brightness is lessened continually and there is a variation in relative size and brightness, most observers are inclined to judge distances by relative brightness.

The effect of these tests upon the observer is premised on the fact that the size upon past experience in assessing distance based upon relative size and brightness. The points of light appear to pulsate, they are identical and of equal brightness. In the case of the two points of light placed one above the other, past experience leads the observer to assume that, when he looks down, the lower light is nearer and, conversely, that, when he looks up, the higher light is nearer.

With regard to the seeming variance in distance when the size of the distant points continously, closely the observer seen two fixed objects at the same distance change in size. Usually any change in size of the object results from a change in the position of the object in relation to the position of the observer. As the object draws near- er, it becomes larger, and the reverse is true as it draws farther away. Therefore, in the case of the two balloons, the observer assumes that any change in size of the two balloons results from a variation in distance from his point of observation.

The nature of observation shows how perceptual adaptation results from the relation of visual perception to past experience in an effort to understand and recognize the object or objects seen.

When we see an object, we derive an impression not only of its location, but also of its existence as an object, and the location as- signed to visual perception will color the characteristics it possesses. We will assume characteristics they do not possess normally, but, since the observer tends to accept them as real. Thus, psychologically, he creates an object with characteristics which do not exist in actuality. He therefore, that the observer analyze his observations in relation to unusual weather or lighting conditions and recognize characteristics which deviate from the normal and can be explained by the unnatural conditions under which they were seen.

When we see an unfamiliar object, we draw upon our individual past experience in an attempt to identify it. If the unfamiliar characteristics of the object cannot be related to past experience, we have a feeling of uncertainty and it is then that we draw upon imagination for identification.

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a blank page with a text block at the top that reads: "This handbook has been prepared by laymen in the hope that it will provide guidance in the identification of flying objects which cannot be identified. Comments and suggestions for improvement will be welcome."

The text found in the document is:

This handbook has been prepared by laymen in the hope that it will provide guidance in the identification of flying objects which cannot be identified. Comments and suggestions for improvement will be welcome.

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It only contains text.

Transcribing the text:

We are open to suggestion constantly in our daily lives. Advertising in daily newspapers, radio and television concepts, modern-day science fiction, propaganda, exaggerated film versions, publicity on perpetrated hoaxes, and the insinuating of serious and fantastic all react upon the consciousness in the form of suggestion. When we seek an explanation for the unusual and unfamiliar, and attempt to devise some integration instead of rational explanation, innumerable unrecognized suggestion influences our thinking.

* * *

Physiological changes due to fatigue and intense strain enhance the susceptibility to suggestion and may induce psychological manifestations which a more rational state of mind would reject. The analysis of these characteristics he has observed, in relation to the conditions under which they were seen, will assist in identification of the unfamiliar object and result in more accurate reporting.

- page 37 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from a document or report. The page is titled "SECTION VI Visual Perception" and discusses topics related to visual perception and sky search for flying objects. There is text describing visual perception, sky search, and depth perception, but no actual photographic image is present in this page.

SECTION VI
Visual Perception

Since visual perception supplies the first awareness of a flying object, it is important to know "how to see." Knowing "how to see" will facilitate identification and reporting of flying objects. The following aids to seeing to the best advantage are provided from Air Force Manual 51-7, "Your Body in Flight."

SKY SEARCH

It is a common misconception that the eye "takes a picture" of everything it field of view. This is not true. Pick out any word in this sentence and then move your eye to the next and then the next. You will discover that you can no longer read the first word after having moved your eye about 5 degrees.

You may have a difficulty in holding a target while scanning the sky. This is not a "sweeping" but a "jerking" motion with which you see details around you. It is of the utmost importance to the combat pilot scanning the sky for the enemy. Experiments have shown that the eye sees nothing in detail while it is moving. It sees only when it pauses and fixes an object on its retina. In scanning the sky, do not describe yourself that you have covered an area with a wide, sweeping glance. The correct way to scan is to cover an area with short, regularly-spaced increments of the eye. This scanning pattern followed depends on the position in the airplane.

DEPTH PERCEPTION

Judgment of distance is done subconsciously in a combination of ways: Close up, we depend on binocular vision, each eye seeing an object from a different angle. At distance beyond binocular range, which is usually the case in flight, we judge it on a one-eye basis. Examples of methods of depth perception follow:

Binocular vision

31

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a page from a document discussing visual cues and methods for identifying the size and distance of objects, such as perspective, convergence of parallel lines, and overlapping objects. The text on the page provides explanations and descriptions related to these topics.

From the known size of an object and how much of our visual field it fills.
From our knowledge of perspective and the convergence of parallel lines at a great distance.
From overlapping - an object overlapped by another is known to be farther away.

- page 39 -

The image contains several illustrations demonstrating principles related to the perception of objects from different perspectives. There is no photograph present in this image.

From light and shadow - an object casts a shadow away from the observer if the light is nearer.
From aerial perspective - large objects seen indistinctly appear to have haze, fog, or smoke between them and the observer, and therefore are usually at a great distance.
From terrestrial association - objects ordinarily associated are judged to be approximately the same distance.

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Using optical character recognition (OCR), the text in the document is as follows:

ACCOMMODATION

The eyes change focus to see objects within about 20 feet, but do so almost not at all for distant objects. 

SEEING AT NIGHT

It is easy for your eyes to play tricks on you at night when you stare for some time at a light - say, the tail-light of a lead airplane. What happens is technically known as autokinetic movement, or more commonly as static vision. If the light is stationary, it may seem to move and swing in wide arcs. If the light is moving, it may seem to move to the side motion it is actually going straight ahead. The cure for stare vision is don't stare - keep shifting your gaze from point to point.

Another common illusion at night is to see a light expanding or contracting at a fixed distance from you when actually the light is approaching or going away. Again, shift your gaze.

One last tip on seeing at night is to keep your windscreen scrupulously clean. Dust, grease, water droplets, scratches, and the like all obstruct your vision at night. This could, after a few hours, take on the silhouette of "an unidentified flying object."

With regard to color perception at night, blue and green lights are seen most easily; red and orange are seen least easily.

From motion parallax - When the observer fixes his sight on one object while his head or body moves, other objects apparently moving in the same direction as he are judged to be more distant, while those apparently moving in the opposite direction are judged to be nearer.

- page 41 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a document titled "SECTION VII Reporting" that discusses the reporting of flying objects and outlines various characteristics to be noted, such as number, shape, color, speed, acceleration, altitude, sound, and light brightness, among other factors. The text also mentions certain variable factors related to the observer's position and motion, as well as procedures for reporting unidentified flying objects.

SECTION VII
Reporting

In reporting flying objects, there are certain major characteristics which should be noted. These include:
(1) Number.
(2) Shape.
(3) Color.
(4) Speed.
(5) Acceleration.
(6) Altitude.
(7) Attitude.
(8) Sound.
(9) Light brightness.
(10) Maneuver characteristics.
(11) Range.
(12) Direction.
(13) Initial and final elevation.

Certain variable factors, such as the observer's position or motion during the sighting, speed of observer's aircraft, position of the sun relative to the observer, the angle of elevation of the object, and its bearing from true north as seen by the observer at the time of sighting, and the duration of the observation are important in determining final identification of the flying object.

An estimate of the number of feet at which an object is travelling above the aircraft's altitude may be substantiated by using the range capability of the radar gunsight.

Air Force Regulation 200-2, dated 12 August 1954, establishes procedures for reporting information and evidence pertaining to unidentified flying objects. The reporting format includes the following factors, which will serve as a guide to the observer in assessing the characteristics of flying object(s):

(1) Description of the object(s):
(a) Shape.
(b) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length.

- page 42 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a report on unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings. The text on the page provides instructions and guidelines for observers to follow when reporting UFO sightings, including details to be included in the report such as color, number, formation, any discernible features or details, size, sound, course of object, angle of elevation and azimuth, description of flight path and maneuvers, length of time in sight, manner of observation, time and date of sighting, light conditions, location of observer, and weather and wind-aloft conditions.

(c) Color.
(d) Number.
(e) Formation, if more than one.
(f) Any discernible features or details.
(g) Tell, trail, or exhaust, including size or same compared to size of object(s).
(h) Sound. If heard, describe sound.
(i) Other pertinent or unusual features.

(2) Description of course of object(s).
(a) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
(b) Angle of elevation and azimuth of the object(s). When first observed.
(c) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
(d) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
(e) Manner of disappearance of object(s).
(f) Length of time in sight.

(3) Manner of observation:
(a) Use one or any combination of the following items: ground-visual, ground-electronic, air-visual, air-electronic (If electronic, specify type).
(b) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof.
(c) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

(4) Time and date of sighting:
(a) Zulu time determining group of sighting:
(b) Light conditions (use one of the following terms): Night, day, dawn, dusk.

(5) Locations of observer(s). Exact latitude and longitude, or Georef position, or position with reference to a known landmark.
(6) Weather and wind-aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
(a) Ceiling.
(b) Visibility.
(c) Amount of cloud cover.
(d) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document providing guidelines for reporting unidentified flying objects, containing various details and characteristics to consider when describing such sightings, such as size, sound, color, speed, shape, and angular velocity. The text is formatted with numbered items and provides specific instructions for the type of information to include in reports.

(7) other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.
(8) Interception or identification action taken.
(9) Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.
While the above format should be used in reporting unidentified flying objects, there are other details which are helpful to the observer in identifying the flying object, or in reporting its characteristics.
These include:
(1) Relation of the size of the object to the size of the moon or the sun.
(2) Various types of sound, such as rumbling, whining, humming, swishing, explosive, or jet or rocket-type sound.
(3) Color may be described in terms of the color spectrum, with additional details to indicate metallic or luminous characteristics.
(4) Speed may range from a stationary or hovering position to 100 to 400 miles an hour, or to a speed similar to that of a meteor.
(5) Shape may vary from that of a conventional aircraft to that of a disc-shaped, cigar-shaped, propeller-shaped, conical, rocket-like, meteor-like, or having the characteristics of balls of flame or fire.
(6) Light brightness may be described in terms of dullness or brilliance, by comparison to moonlight, or to the reflection of sunlight on various metals, such as aluminum, or a mirror, or on dull surfaces such as stone or plaster.
(7) The degree of brightness may be related to the apparent distance of the object.
(8) Angular velocity, that is, speed measured in degrees, may vary from zero through very slow, slow, moderate, rapid, very fast, extremely fast (90 degrees per second) to more than 90 degrees per second.
(9) Angular acceleration, or change in angular velocity, may increase or decrease slowly, fast, or very fast.

- page 44 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document summarizing the various manifestations of meteorological, astronomical, or psychological phenomena that have been discussed, and the possibility that new air vehicles, hostile aircraft, or missiles may be regarded as unfamiliar flying objects by the initial observer.

SUMMARY
The various manifestations that are created by meteorological, astronomical, or psychological phenomena have been discussed with the intent of assisting the air crew member in observing and reporting unfamiliar flying objects.

To date, the flying objects reported have imposed no threat to the security of the United States and its possessions. However, the possibility that new air vehicles, hostile aircraft, or missiles may first be regarded as unfamiliar flying objects by the initial observer is real.

The United States Air Force is charged with the responsibility of investigating the United States and its possessions, as well as its obligations. In order to discharge this responsibility, it is imperative that all unfamiliar flying objects be reported accurately, so that identification may be made through subsequent investigation.

Current Air Force regulations outline the procedures for reporting unfamiliar flying objects. However, it is believed that a clearer understanding of many natural phenomena, and of how to recognize the conditions under which they occur, will add to the validity of subsequent reports.

- page 45 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, a report on "AIDS TO IDENTIFICATION OF FLYING OBJECTS".

The text in the document is as follows:

AIDS TO IDENTIFICATION OF FLYING OBJECTS
ROUTING

TO: AFCIN-4X ATTN: Mr. Ercier  
FROM: AFCIN-X1A  
COMMENTS (Use reverse if necessary)  
1. The attached copy of letter from USAFE with enclosure "Aids to Identification of Flying Objects" is forwarded for your comments on which to base a reply.  
2. Request comments be directed especially to the accuracy and sufficiency of material therein as well as its possible use by other agencies and the general public.  
3. Request NLT 25 October 1957, in order that General Lewis's reply to Col. Rogers be prepared promptly.  

NORMAN R. PEEBLES  
Lt Colonel USAF  
AFCIN-X1A  

Incl.  
1. Ltr to Gen. Lewis fr Col Rogers 30 Sept 57  
2. Booklet  

- page 46 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a table of contents listing different sections of a document titled "Flying Objects and Their Characteristics".

Here is the text from the table of contents:

TABLE OF CONTENTS

TITLE                                      SECTION        PAGE
Flying Objects and Their Characteristics......  I              1
Meteorological and Astronomical Aspects.......  II            11  
Radar Sightings.................................  III           21
Physiological Aspects..........................  IV            25
Psychological Aspects..........................  V             27 
Visual Perception..............................  VI            31
Reporting.....................................    VII           35

- page 47 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, containing text describing an "Aids to Identification of Flying Objects" report.

SUBJECT: Aids to Identification of Flying Objects
TO: AFOIN-21A
FROM: AFOIN-4

1. Attached publication, prepared for the most part from Project Blue Book, is a commendable effort toward analysis and reporting of the philosophy, guidance and techniques in the UFO-ATIC containment and elimination of the problem. It represents some conclusions arrived at after considerable analysis and assistance to UFO field investigation and analyses.

2. Up to this time, the only aids to UFO investigation and field analyses have been given to AISS and GCI units (see Enclosures 3 and 4, "UFO Guide" now being reviewed, and USAF).

3. A complete review and revision of subject publication would require a respect for preceding comment. However, a review has disclosed the omission of certain key points and a significant lack of guidance to ATIC identification, and other explanatory items. A number of items were revised; others were clarified.

4. It would have been more desirable if a draft of the publication had been submitted to the Center for review and corrections, assuming the guide in question is a final publication item. This would have suggested that the recommendations submitted herewith be incorporated into the proposed final publication.

5. The UFO guide and GCC poster (Enclosures 3 and 4) are also to be submitted to USAFE and should include the original UFO guide prepared for Air Force units "How to make UFYSAPTs", attached (Enclosure C) both for possible use in the USAF guide and to demonstrate that the AAF Forces in UFO material, and publication as the latter from USAF appears to indicate.

6. Incis:
1. Ltr to Gen Lewis fr USAFFE
2. UFO Guide Booklet
3. UFO Guide - Rough Draft
4. GCC Poster
5. Suggested Revisions to UFO Guide
6. ATIC Guide "How to Make UFYSAPTS"

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

DRAFT UFO GUIDE

FILE CLASS: 
OFFICIAL FILE CO:
OFFICE OF RECORD

12 FEB 1958

SUBJECT: (U) Aids to Identification of Flying Objects
ATTN: Col F.W. McDuffee
U.S.A.F. PRTC 100
New York, New York

Attached is a draft copy of a proposed "Identification to UFO" which includes one and revisions. One or more illustrations to be added to the draft are forwarded.

Subject material is forwarded in accordance with an informal request made to Captain Gregory or this office. The material is similar to that used by Headquarters USAF for the identification of UFOs and related by this Office.

Because of current budgetary limitations and manpower restrictions, production and dissemination of this project guide, on a USAF-wide basis, within the near future is unlikely. Therefore, the material may be used by you as a master for the preparation of a document to guide to be assembled by your office in any format desired or as disseminated by your own information or operations.

It should be stated, as a matter of guidance, that a large number of reports received from various commands and facilities could have been resolved by a check and investigation of local phenomena at the source as prescribed in par. 5, AFR 200-2.

Also attached is Department of Defense and other material re-questing the work, findings and other aspects on the Air Force "UFO Project." This is together with the recommended guide, should provide the necessary for training, indoctrination or informative purposes.

WALLACE W. ELWOOD
Captain, USAF
Assistant Adjutant

PERM
TEMP
90 DAYS
INITIAL

- page 49 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a "CMO ROUTING SLIP" document with various form fields filled out by hand.

CMO ROUTING SLIP
DOC WARWICK
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION AFCIN - 9B
SUBJECT: RECEIPT SIGNED STATING THREE IS MORE TO THIS THAN THE EYE. THE PENTAGON HAS TAKEN OVER. THEY WOULD LIKE MORE INFORMATION
REMARKS: REFERENCE OUR RECENT COUNCIL MEMBER - WE HAVE BEEN INFORMED THAT THE UFO HYSTERIA COULD BE USED AS A DEVELOPING WEAPON OF WARFARE (PSYCHOLOGICALLY AND OTHERWISE) DUE TO THE EXTREME ATTACHED TO MY AT-CHIEF AND PRIME WITNESS WHO HAVE SEEN A HALF DOZEN OF THESE AT LITTLECREEK, ALL AT ALTITUDE. THE LETTER IS PERSONAL. HOWEVER, IT IS REMARKABLE THAT HIS PERSONAL COUNCIL OF THE SITUATION WARRANTS YOUR ATTENTION.
FROM NAME OR TITLE: CAPT. GREGORY
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: FTT
DATE: 25 NOV 5
TELEPHONE: 696

- page 50 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a routing and coordination sheet from the Office of Record, relating to a request for information about "Unidentified Flying Objects" from the Fifth Air Force, ATTN: SPIT, APO 925, San Francisco, California.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPT. TO REACH
SPITIT, Hq Fifth Air Force, 5 Nov 57, Subj: Information Requested

1st Ind
HQ/Capt G.T. Gregory/wn/69216
AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER, Wright Patterson Air Force Base,

TO: Commander, Fifth Air Force, ATTN: SPIT, APO 925, San Francisco, California

Attached is a draft copy of a proposed "Identification to Flying Objects" which this Center is in the process of preparing, including drafting and revising. For this purpose, a copy of the suggestions and revisions sheet", and illustrations to be added to the guide are transmitted.

2. Because of current budgetary limitations and manpower restrictions, publication and distribution of the proposed guide on a USAFwide basis within the near future is unlikely. Therefore, the attached may be used as an "in-house" guide to the preparation of a document to be assembled by your office in any format desired or as reflected for the requirements of the Air Defense Command.

3. Also attached is Department of Defense and other material reflecting the "Aids to Identification" on the Air Force "UFO Program". This, together with the aforementioned guide, should provide all basic data necessary for training, identification or informative purposes.

Incls:
1. Govt "Aids to IDENTIFICATION"
2. Suggested Revisions
3. USAir Force Questionnaire
4. USAF "Revision"

- page 51 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

SUGGESTED REVISIONS AND ADDITIONS TO UFO AID

Page 1:
DEFINITION: Insert, after 2nd paragraph: "Unidentified aircraft" are not within this definition of unidentified flying objects; hence should not be a basis for the submission of UFO reports within the meaning of AFR 200-2. The reporting of "unidentified aircraft" usually results from the sighting of an aircraft which is readily identifiable as an aircraft, but whose origin, type, purpose, destination, etc. may not be known. These are the responsibility of air defense and other pertinent units, and should be "screened" or "filtered" out from the UFO reporting system. This should include jet exhausts, parachute flares, condensation trails, navigation lights or other phenomena known to originate from aircraft or aircraft operations, although the aircraft themselves may not be immediately identified. These "unidentified" familiar objects are not "UFOs".

Page 3:
BALLOONS: 2nd paragraph, 5th line: Change "one hundred feet" to read "two hundred feet".
After 2nd paragraph, insert separate paragraph substantially as follows: The majority of balloons released at night carry one or more "running lights", which often contributes to weird or unusual appearances. Many balloons carry metallic, triangular shaped "corner reflectors" suspended some distance below the balloon proper (Fig. 1). Larger, research types, may rise considerable distances before becoming fully inflated, and may often be flattened on top until completely expanded (See Fig. 2). Partially inflated balloons may be caught in updrafts.

- page 52 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Jet streams, assume near horizontal positions, and move with considerable speed. Encountering a flat, circular object (balloon flattened on top) under darkness or adverse weather conditions, arising from below can be startling even to experienced pilots.

Separate paragraph: Balloons can be observed when the sun is behind the horizon and the earth is in comparative darkness (see Fig. 3). This has resulted in a considerable number of UFO reports over the last ten years. The two general "clues" here is that a. the sighting is usually observed just before dawn or little after sunset and b. the shape of the UFO appears either as "disc" or "spherical" and bright reddish-orange, or reddish-white.

The coloration is caused by the sun's slant rays reflecting off the balloon's surfaces.

ASTRONOMICAL BODIES: Separate paragraphs substantially as follows:
Meteors will appear to vary in shape from round to elongated, teardrop in shape, and in size from tiny pinpoints to the size of the moon. Colors will range from yellowish-white through red, blue and green hues depending on the atmosphere. 
Although observed singly, meteors may be observed in clusters.
The time in sight is generally less than 10 seconds. Although improbable that meteoric bodies themselves can be picked up on radar, the meteor trails are generally good reflectors and will often "paint" on radarscopes.
An extremely brilliant, rarely seen form of meteorite is called a "fireball". Fire balls, unlike ordinary meteorites, do not burn out.

- page 53 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text from the document is as follows:

themselves out in the upper atmosphere, but persist into the lower levels crashing into the earth's surface. A fireball that explodes before reaching the earth's surface is usually referred to as a "bolide". An encounter with a fireball during darkness can be a frightening experience, as these bodies can suddenly illuminate the surroundings with a dazzling, daylight intensity.

Conclude with (separate paragraph): It has been repeatedly proved that attempting to observe objects later found to be stars, planets or other apparently fixed celestial bodies, through handheld binoculars or glasses will often give an illusion of unusual maneuvers, trajectories and speeds. This is particularly true when such bodies are observed under adverse sky or weather conditions.

Page 5 RADAR SIGHTINGS: Comment: The summary section (page 5) and the detailed Section III (page 21) gives the impression that unidentified objects observed on radarscopes are primarily the result of temperature inversions and other meteorological causes. The following, in substance, should be integrated, as desired, into both sections:

1. "Spurious" blips or returns may also be caused by
a. Mutual interference between radar units
b. Jamming
c. Unknown malfunctioning of equipment
d. Radar target simulators

2. Even experienced radar operators can err in interpreting radar returns. This is particularly true when operating personnel from radar units located in stable-weather areas are assigned to radar units located in unstable-weather areas.

- page 54 -

There is no photograph present in this document page. The document appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text discussing UFO phenomena reported by radar units, as well as mentions of new radar aircraft and "flying saucers". The text also discusses temperature inversions causing ground objects to appear as airborne objects, and advises that many swept-back and delta-wing aircraft can appear as unusual flying objects under certain weather conditions. The document also references "annual meteoric showers" and provides instructions to modify the text in the document.

localities subject to unusual, turbulent or suddenly changeable weather conditions. Such conditions are generally conclusive to anamolous propagation (See Fig 4 and 5).

3. Ten years experience in the investigation and analyses of the 
UFO phenomena reported by radar units, has disclosed numerous 
instances where both airborne and ground radar units have observed
what apparently were objects in the air, and found to have actually 
been ground objects. This was caused by temperature inversions
(See Figs 7, 8 and 9).

Page 8 
NEW FLYING OBJECTS: Suggest 1st paragraph be changed to read:
There are two new radar aircraft now in existence which to the 
uninitiated may appear as unidentified flying objects or so-called
"flying saucers", because of saucer-shaped radar antennas that are
affixed to their fuselage (See Fig 6 - WF-2 Radar Aircraft, and
the Radar Super Constellation).

Page 9
It should be strongly emphasized that many swept-back and delta-
wing aircraft can appear as weird and unusual flying objects, 
particularly when observed under adverse weather or light conditions
(See Figs. 10 and 11, Block of Aircraft Photos). The Air Force is
in daily receipt of UFO reports describing "flying saucer" objects, 
which upon investigation are found to be aircraft of the configuration
discussed here.

Page 16
METEORS: 1st paragraph, 5th line. Change "24,000,000 meteors" to
read "approximately 200,000,000 meteors."
Add separate paragraph on "annual meteoric showers", substantially

- page 55 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

as follows: Each year the earth passes through certain meteoric showers at specific times each year, which invariably results in a large number of UFO reports. These annual showers can be exceptionally brilliant, having thousands of meteors and meteor trails. Some of the most prominent of these are the Perseids (August), Orionids (October) and the Leonids (November). The Leonids, for example, which last for approximately 7 days and reaches it maximum about November 16, has provided close to 200,000 meteors between midnight and dawn. Any good astronomical text will furnish the dates and schedules of these periodical showers.

Page 23 Partial paragraph continued from page 22, should read "... may cause the appearance of two or more targets on the radar screen. In some instances hundreds of returns may appear.

- page 56 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum addressed to Captain Gregory on October 18, 1957 regarding radar information and propagation. The text discusses the need for good scope photos and samples of interference from radars, returns from clouds, etc. to be more informative than diagrams and scope sketches. It also mentions that there will usually be many times this many - hundreds of them, in fact, referring to the number of instances where an interfering radar will give one or two returns on the scope. The memorandum is signed by V. D. Bryant, AFCIN-4E13.

MEMORANDUM TO CAPTAIN GREGORY
18 Oct 1957

The data included in the radar portion is correct (with one exception). There is a great deal of information which should be included but which is not ------- Some explanation regarding returning echoes and anomalous propagation which appear as very fast moving targets should be included, since this is one of the principal types of radar reports received.

It should be emphasized that this task would require a respectable effort, and could be dashed off as a matter of a few minutes to meet a short deadline. Some good scope photos of actual anomalous propagation and samples of interference from other radars, returns from clouds, etc., would appear to be more informative than the diagrams and scope sketches showing normal and abnormal propagation which are in the article.

The exception noted in the first paragraph is to the statement that an interfering radar will give one or two returns on the scope. Actually there will usually be many times this many - hundreds of them, in fact. It is true that they are usually easily recognizable.

V. D. BRYANT
AFCIN-4E13

- page 57 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a scanned page from a document titled "Flying Objects and Their Characteristics" under the "SECTION I" header.

TEXT CONTENT:

SECTION I

Flying Objects and Their Characteristics

DEFINITION
Air Force Regulation 200-2 defines an unidentified flying object as any airborne object which by performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual features does not conform to any presently known aircraft or missile type, or which cannot be positively identified as a familiar object.

Unusual weather or light conditions may transform many familiar objects into unidentified flying objects. The speed of the observer's aircraft and sudden climb or descent may produce distortions of vision which cause unknown objects to hover, perform erratic maneuvers, or disappear suddenly. Many of these flying objects can be identified as follows:

(1) Conventional aircraft observed from unusual angles.
(2) Model jet aircraft flying at great speeds and high altitudes.
(3) Reflections of sunlight, moonlight, and starlight from aircraft.
(4) Searchlight reflections on clouds.
(5) Meteorological and upper air research balloons.
(6) Meteors, comets, and stars.
(7) Planets observed at certain times of the year.
(8) Meteorological phenomena.
(9) Cloud formations.
(10) Birds, especially migratory formations.
(11) Dust and haze.
(12) Flares, fireworks, and flares.
(13) Rockets.
(14) Contrails.

A meteor, a comet, a balloon, or an aircraft, under certain conditions, assumes speeds, movements and shapes which are entirely uncharacteristic of the object under normal circumstances. Aircraft at great heights can appear wider than normal, and projectile-shaped. Objects that appear to hover or move very slowly could be balloons. Plane-strings, or brightly glowing objects, and those objects appearing as meteor or comets. Another explainable phenomenon may be caused by the sun's illumination of vapor trails. Moving lights at night, or shiny objects in the daytime, traveling at moderately fast speeds, could be aircraft.

- page 58 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

21 NOV 1957

Colonel Craven C. Rogers
Deputy Chief of Staff, Intelligence 
Headquarters, U. S. Air Forces in Europe
APO 633
New York, New York

Dear Buck,

Reference your letter of 30 September, forwarding copies of your booklet on "Aid to Identification of Flying Objects". ATIC reviewed this material and felt it was a commendable effort toward solving one of our UFO headaches. However, they felt it would have been more advantageous to you if it had been reviewed by them before publication. It seems that the philosophy of the UFOB's has changed since the publication of your booklet, and we are now emphasizing certain key points, significant clues and leads to UFO identification, and other explanatory items.

We are in the process of revising AFR 200-2 in order to incorporate some of these new ideas, and to delineate responsibilities for various aspects of the UFO program.

I am sending along for your information the material prepared by ATIC regarding your booklet.

4 Incls
1. UFO Guide - Rough Draft
2. CDC Poster
3. Suggested revisions to 
UFO Guide w/12 illustrations
4. ATIC Guide "How to Make UFLYREPRT" 

COORDINATION:
AFCIN-X1/Mr Sands  n/se/74903/15 Nov 57
FRANK B. CHAPPELL
Colonel, USAF
Office Assistant Chief of Staff, 
Intelligence

Coord cy
AGS-Cross ref
XI Comeback
XI Stayback

- page 59 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Air Technical Intelligence Liaison Office
SFFIT 5 NOV. 1957
SUBJECT: Information Requested by JASDF
TO: Director
Air Technical Intelligence Center
ATIC: APCH-MRL (Capt Director)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
During a course of training given to JASDF (Japan Self Defense Force) Intelligence personnel on ATI training, considerable interest was shown on the subject of unidentified flying objects. Request any unclassified reports published by ATIC on this subject which could be given to JASDF personnel.

JACK S. ZRIGLER
Lt Colonel, USAF
Director, ATIC
DCS/Intelligence

- page 60 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
UNITED STATES AIR FORCES IN EUROPE
Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff, Intelligence
APO 633, New York, N.Y.

Major General Millard Lewis
Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence
Headquarters, United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Chief:

Please find attached copies of our publication on unidentified flying objects. Over the past several years all of us in this business have been concerned directly or indirectly with this subject. In fact, even here in Europe we are plagued by reports from even our own people which are so poorly rendered that we cannot make head nor tail out of them.

This booklet was published and intended to be used as a training aid and reporting guide. As stated in the first pages, there is no intent to discourage reporting, but rather to acquaint the observer with what he may actually be looking at. We find it mighty discouraging when air crews with thousands of hours to their credit make fantastic reports of what we often know to be natural phenomena.

Other publications may have been prepared in the past by other agencies, but a thorough search by my people failed to locate any real usable aid.

The thought occurs to me that this could well be only the first step in acquainting our people with this sort of thing, and that perhaps a film could be developed as a system of colored slides to be used as a course of instruction on the subject. Perhaps it should be included as a part of our flying training instruction, and it might also be of use to ADC in assisting their Ground Observer Corps. On the other hand, considering reports which we have all seen from commercial air lines people we might make money by offering something of this nature to them.

I hope that in this year of guidance we have not duplicated anyones else, and would appreciate your reaction to the booklet and the suggestions made herein.

Sincerely,
C. C. ROGERS
Colonel USAF
DCS/Intelligence

- page 61 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

COORDINATION
AFOIN-4
AFOIN-4EXB/

AFOIN-4X2E

AFOIN-4X3
AFOIN-4A
AFOIN-4B
AFOIN-4C
AFOIN-4D
AFOIN-4E

AFOIN-4F

FILE CLASS
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
A60In-4 AIR 46024 ABBE (ADC), 25 Apr 57, SUBJ: UFOB Guidance Mater
1st Ind 4244/Capt G.T. Gregory/wtn/69216
AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER, Wright Patterson Air Force Base,
2 MAY 1957
1. This Center is currently in process of preparing subject guidance material requested, and should be forthcoming within two weeks of this date.
2. The known difficulty in attempting to provide guidance on such phenomena as UFOBs and this Center's desire to present, in a simple manner, the numerous clues, hints, leads and deductions as to identifiable objects and they occur in evaluating and explaining UFO sightings, dictates that the matter be given careful consideration and preparation.
3. Additional research and data is required on all the possible explanations and data sources (photographic, astronomical bodies, meteors, unusual atmospheric phenomena, etc.) that can produce under certain conditions, objects that could be mistaken for UFOB. While the reason is obvious to those involved in the technical analysis, the reason for these particular procedures may be focused on a study planet.
4. It is suggested that the numerical guidance items under each subject item of an appendix, be followed with a brief, informal description or explanation. Appropriate and meaningful guidance use of these objects will require a design concept with this view in mind, and may be used as deemed necessary to your particular requirements.
KEY:
20/5/57
PERM
TEMP
90 DAYS
INITIAL

TIC FORM 144 (REV 30 FEB 55) ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET AF-WP-D-30 NOV 55

- page 62 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIBOC
SUBJECT: UFOB Guidance Material
TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
ATTN: AFTRT
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

1. Reference is made to the conversation, 17-18 Apr 57, between Captain Gregory, your center, and A/IC BURCH, this organization, concerning UFOB guidance material.

2. In accordance with the views expressed by Captain Gregory, this organization will publish a change to 46C2d AISS Squadron Guide 200-2 on/about 1 June 1957.

3. The material to be incorporated into this change includes:

a. An expanded section on meteors, drawn primarily from your letter AFTRT, Subject: UFOB Guidance Material - Meteors and Meteoric Showers, dated 14 Nov 56.
b. A new section on Radar Scope UFOBs, including the article from "Electronic Week" which your center forwarded to this organization, and an explanation of Anomalous Propagation.
c. An expanded section on balloons.

4. In order to assist this organization in accomplishing this change, request your center prepare:

a. A discussion on Anomalous Propagation.
b. Any information on balloons which your center deems appropriate for inclusion in the change.
c. Possible suggestions for expanding any of the other sections or appendix "A" Squadron Guide 200-2, a copy of which is attached.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
/s/ RICHARD B. RANDLE
Major, USAF
Asst Adjutant

- page 63 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a scanned document, with the text "UNCLASSIFIED" visible in the center.

CIRCA 1957
ATI SCHOOL LECTURE (GREGORY)
RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASA(SHAP-A)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112
7-3745 - 392
1003856

- page 64 -

The image appears to be a page from an old "Air Technical Intelligence Briefing" document. There is no photograph present on this page. The text visible on the page says "AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE BRIEFING" at the top, followed by "ATI SCHOOL TRAINING LECTURE" and "SEE UFO PROGRAM" below it, along with the text "(For two one-hour class periods)" at the bottom. The document also shows the logo of the "AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER" located at the "WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE" in Ohio.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE BRIEFING
ATI SCHOOL TRAINING LECTURE
SEE UFO PROGRAM 
(For two one-hour class periods)
AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

- page 65 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

I. Information conflicting with or pertinently affecting that contained in this publication should be forwarded by the recipient directly to:
Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

This in no way abrogates or alters responsibility for sending such information or any pertinent intelligence data through already established intelligence collection channels of the various services or agencies of the U.S. government.

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794. Its transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.

- page 66 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

to determine that there is a certain amount of that which must be done each day. which does not mean suspense slip items...was explained  
Therefore, I feel that I must take this information in regards to the public.  It is difficult for one man to be Project Officer, technical advisor, public information specialist, research and chief preparer, lecturer writer, and a host of other things which are not apparent even to the attached example which had to be accomplished with 7 days time. The shaded example which had to be accomplished with 7 days time, was the sort of priority and interrupting things my time seems to be occupied with, and which take one week, by one man.
Again I should like to apologize, but I feel this matter has reached a stage where I must ask for help.

Capt Gregory

- page 67 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a "MEMO ROUTING SLIP" filled out by someone named "C. Dr. Miley".

Here is the full text transcription from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
NEVER USE FOR APPROVALS, DISAPPROVALS,
CONCURRENCES, OR SIMILAR ACTIONS
1 NAME OR TITLE INITIALS CIRCULATE
Dr. Miley

ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION DATE COORDINATION
FILE
INFORMATION
NECESSARY
ACTION
NOTE AND
RETURN
SEE ME
SIGNATURE
REMARKS: Doctor, I hate to burden you with my trouble, but I must. However, here is one reason why I have been working Saturdays and Sundays for the last 4 months. As you know, General Lewis 30 minute brief each Wednesday, shakes the place up for 5 days in order to prepare for it. This requires almost a haif hours work, which sometimes of this order requires weeks of preparation. I was given a classified research project with a time limit, which required more work than I expected, and it had to be given Monday afternoon, which it was, practically from 1 to 5:30 every day, and the majority of Saturday and Sunday for lunch, to carry out the work. All remains to be done as theeffect it eases or to "stop worrying" (generally from people who do not know or will not take time out over) FROM NAME OR TITLE DATE
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION TELEPHONE
DD FORM 95 FEB 50 Replaces DA AGO Form 383, 1 Apr 48, and AFRQ Form 12, 10 Nov 47, which may be used. 1646487-4 GPO

- page 68 -

The image appears to show jet vapor trails illuminated by the sun. The photograph depicts a black-and-white landscape with the vapor trails visible in the sky.

Jet vapor trails illuminated by the sun.

- page 69 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten text at the bottom.

The text in the document is as follows:

to determine that there is a certain amount of certain must be done, which does not mean suspense slip items...was explained

Therefore, I feel that I must take this informal information in confidence. It is difficult for one man to be project officer, and to administer, and to brief preparers, lecture writer and a host of a million other things which are not apparent to even the attached example which had to be accomplished within 2 days. The other high priority and interrupting things is the sort of thing that cannot be done in one week, by one man.

Again I should like to apologize, but I feel this matter has reached a stage where I must ask for help.

Capt Gregory

- page 70 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a typed document from the "Project Blue Book" UFO program. The text in the document is as follows:

LECTURE ON 
THE UFO PROGRAM
FOR THE APS SCHOOL

GENERAL:
I consider it a distinct privilege to be able to speak to you today and to have the opportunity of meeting a class which has members that will become part of an organization upon which so much depends with regards to the Air Force's UFO project.
Unidentified flying objects, or "ufos" as are referred to as "flying saucers" by the general public and by the majority of technicians and pilots on the subject. We don't like the name "flying saucers" not because only a very small amount of objects so reported are actually saucer-shaped, but because the general public and the Air Force are specifically calculated to frighten the general public. The Air Force is not interested in things so tiny as to be frightened by perfournance configurations, aerodynamic characteristics or unusual features. Such does not concern with any previous unidentified objects. No unidentified airborne which cannot be identified as known or explainable objects.
The general purpose of this briefing is to give you some background the future and program and to discuss in a general way the part that you may play in this highly controversial field.
BACKGROUND:
As a point, a brief background and history of the UFO program should help to determine the progress and status of the program: and to understand some of the problems and complexities.
The program started in 1947, when on 27 June of that year, a private civilian flyer named Kenneth Arnold sighted several disc-like objects near Mt. Rainier. This was the beginning of the UFO "scare" as it was called, and with much sensationalism brought to the public's attention. The number of reported sightings, many considerable amount speculation, theory, conjecture, and assumption did little to support the program and its scientific investigation. It was given the name of Project "Sign".
From June 1947 to February 1949, when the name of the program was changed to Project "Grudge", the collection information was carefully screened, and every effort was made to explain and analyze these phenomena, and given the name of Project "Sign".
was changed to Project "Blue Book" in March 1952. The average number of unexplained signings for this period was approximately 20%. It was concluded that these reports were due, primarily, to:

- page 71 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads as follows:

(1) Misinterpretation of conventional objects, aircraft, balloons or astronomical bodies, etc.
(2) War nerves or mass suggestion and hysteria (e.g. the Orson Welles case)
(3) Hoaxes and publicity seeking persons
(4) Psychopathic persons

In December 1949, these findings were released to the public by the Department of Defense, and were given wide comment and circulation by the Press.

From February 1949 to mid-1951, the project was carried on a low-priority basis. In June 1951, the work was suddenly reviewed, and was said to become a reviewed and analyzed procedure according to reports. A review of the situation made at this time seemed to indicate that this was due to the emphasis placed on UFOs by the Press. In the summer of 1951, the project was reviewed by the directorate of intelligence, and it was decided that analytical procedures and reporting would be improved. This was a completed with the establishment of the project's administrative and analytical procedures.

The "peak year" in the UFO program was 1952, when a monthly average of approximately 10 per month were reported. The publicity and welfare of air crews and others reached a high pitch during 1952 and developed a tendency on the part of the public to question, the "menace" presented by "flying saucers".

From 1957 to the present time, we have investigated and analyzed thousands of UFO cases of every imaginable variety. During these eight years the Air Force was repeatedly accused of withholding vital "flying saucer" information from the public. The Air Force review showed 4 decisions of no concern to the national security of the United States. However, the Air Force did reiterate that the objects they had observed in the skies of America and return to Russia in a matter of hours; that they were sophisticated machines, which were drawn to the earth in various manners, possibly some tests set off by the U.S. and Russia. It was found that some people high in influential positions, that they were our own specialists in electronic intelligence, were purposely allowed to roam our skies at night, occasional to fringe our satellites at night, in order to procure larger appropriations for the Air Force.

During this trying period - without fanfare, publicity, or undue publicity, the Air Technical Intelligence Center went quietly, solemnly and seriously about the business of investigating and analyzing.

- page 72 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

analyzing this large mass of UFO data. As we got deeper into the matter, it was found that ATIC investigators and analysts alone could not cope with the great volume of data, and find all the answers. Certain other technical experts were called in to assist, and explain this phenomena.

The 4602nd Air Intelligence Services Squadron (Headquarters USAF) was directed to carry out all field investigations and preliminary evaluations of UFO sightings. This organization had a highly mobile team who can arrive on-the-spot within hours and obtain all necessary details and objective data.

(Slide 1 - Location of 4602d field units)
We now had, in our disposition, the best investigative and analytical tools to do the job of identifying or explaining the 4602d and the use of scientists and specialists had on the UFO program.

(Slide 2 - UFO Statistics - 1947 to date)
The drop in both the percentage of "unknowns" as well as the total reports should be noted. As may be noted from the chart, the percentage went down from 22% to 3.5% and the total reports went down very significantly and as we acquired more experience in UFO analysis and appraisal procedures, the category of "unknowns" would drop even further. However, notice the sudden rise of UFO reports during this period - This is significant and is one of the reasons for this presentation.

EFFECTS OF PUBLICITY:
Before we proceed in the matter concerning the sudden rise of UFO reports, a few words should be devoted to the effects that certain types of publicity has on the UFO program, which, in turn, can effect both the top people in the Department of Defense, as well as the investigators in some field unit. As an example, within two weeks of publicity in Washington, hundreds of reports were received in the District.

- page 73 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document states:

Showed certain unidentified blips. Aircraft were sent up to intercept and identify these objects. They found nothing. The press seemed to pick it up, which made a matter of interest in the newspapers, that "flying saucers" were hovering over our capital. The next slide will show you an example of this newspaper sensation.

UFO reports in great numbers started pouring in at the Center. Both the Department of the Airforce and ATIC were besieged with inquiries for information. As a result, on 20 July 1952, a press conference was held nationally. A review of the statements made by both the press and scientists indicates that the phenomena were not of an interplanetary origin and did not constitute a threat to the security of the United States. The article states that according to a large number of writers and so-called "UFO experts", the object sightings which purported to show "flying saucers" hovering over the capital, under certain atmospheric conditions, was a major item of news during this conference.

The correlation between the type of publicity given to UFO sightings by the press and the public interest, and the effect it has on the number of reports received is shown by this slide.

The text also discusses the effect of the "conservative and scientific approach" of magazines and newspapers on UFO reports, and mentions the "middle-of-the-road" treatment and its effect on identifying the phenomena as interplanetary.

- page 74 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document discussing UFO sightings and the Project Blue Book investigation.

Text from the document:

In early 1955, five books on "flying saucers" were published. To date approximately twenty have been published, and have received wide circulation among the public.

There are now six motion pictures in circulation having "flying saucers" as their theme. One motion picture which was released in May of this year, and which is still receiving considerable publicity was a recent Air Force training film on the subject. The main plot is centered around two colored film strips of so-called "flying saucers" which were supposedly submitted to the Air Force for examination, and consist primarily of moving spots of light against a dark sky. The conclusions drawn by the Air Force were that these objects were not authentic.

These conclusions were corroborated by an independent study made by the research organization of a very high standing.

With very few exceptions, both these self-appointed organizations and the books published have been highly critical of the Air Force, and show a desire to convey the impression that the Air Force has not been cooperative on this matter.

During the last five months, we have prepared detailed letters to several individuals and groups who have expressed such criticism in an attempt to clarify the position of the Air Force on this matter. Although these UFO organizations include some sincere, well-meaning members, a considerable portion of their discussions, claims, statements or exhibitions are other totally unacceptable or are met, at best, with skepticism.

UFO OPERATIONS

To give you a little better idea of the project, I would like to tell you how we operate. Letter 200-2 is the basis for our Operations - this letter states that the ATIC is responsible for all reports of unidentified flying objects and the Air Force unit is responsible for operating with the Air Defense Command in the investigation of these reports. All reports will be forwarded by wire then followed up within three days by a written AF Form 112. The AF Form 112 are not available the report can be made in letter form. This reporting requirement does not include the normal air activity reports made by air defense units.

- page 75 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

not mean that the officer receiving the report from the source or the observer does not have the prerogative to make his own evalua- tion of the details given. He does not have to accept the advisability of the words forwarded. He may be able to identify the object, if he does, it is no longer a "unidentified flying object", and therefore, does not have to be reported. Secondly, he may be evaluate the report according to source and content and determine that no value whatsoever is to be placed on this last point further, the officer receiving the report or the observer it may be obvious that the source did not make careful observa- tions of the object. Even though people make an observation, their estimates can be arranged and the sources and it might be more accurate to at least note the name and address or telephone number of such sources and it might be more advisable to contact them again. 
EVALUATING THE SOURCE:
As in all intelligence matters, the source is extremely important. We know psychology, is a strong element in this project, although we maintain that almost everyone who reports actually saw something. At times, they may conscientiously, let their imagination twist the facts. It should be pointed out that, as stated in the manual, some of our best informants have proved less reliable through emotional distur- bance or interpretations of the UFO sighted. It is very difficult, if not impossible, to give any intelligent answer to some of the questions raised. Sometimes you can talk to a person and learn that they are very imaginative and go a lot on that basis, rather than the actual facts. Pilots for instance, are very conservative in their reports more so than are some civilians. They may be flying saucer, possibly enhanced by the fact that she just read a flying saucer account, but categorically, commercial airline pilots are more reliable than individuals because they have seen and are accustomed to seeing these natural phenomena. People are more prone to be conservative in their reports. As field investigators you may encounter people whom we have recently prepared and disseminated to all ground units as a solution to the problem, and who show it to you and claim success of this briefing.
BASIC CHECKS TOWARDS IDENTIFYING UFOS
Balloons: When you receive a report, the first thing that you should check is the possibility of its being a balloon; a dirigible or astronomical body because these three objects give us the most trouble. We also go through this same procedure as part of our analysis of your report so as to get into each of them a little more specifically. we will start with balloons.

- page 76 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text found in the document:

There are two different general categories of balloons. One is the research type. These are released from various points in the U.S. depending upon what projects are being conducted and are scheduled at any scheduled time. They may be small like weather balloons, or quite large in size, shape and volume. It is necessary to study many different types of balloons are being launched, in the U.S.

The other category is the regularly launched weather balloons. These are launched from known locations in the U.S. as definite times. On the regularly scheduled weather balloon launchings, your unit should have the data on all sites and times of launching each day for the area under your jurisdiction. You can then contact the sites to obtain the time of launching, watch through air weather service to get it from their central files. Normally, many of these balloons are tracked optically, by radar, or by radio DF and it is possible to get the exact tracks of the balloons.

If you get a report of an object you believe to be a balloon, check with your weather officer. He will know what sections in your area launch balloons and from the general wind conditions at the time, the balloon probably came from. You can then get the pilot's or balloon tracks and definitely establish if this is a balloon or not. There are many times a call to the unit launching the balloon will suffice as the balloon will be in the air at a given time.

Balloons do not give us any trouble when they look like balloons, and they can take on many odd appearances. In the daytime a balloon under ideal conditions, a balloon can be seen a high as 60,000 feet. This depends on visibility conditions, the daytime haze and a balloon will appear very small and slowly. At night, balloons that are lighted will appear to change color due to atmospheric conditions. The balloon will change direction with wind shifts or down or dusk a balloon can appear to be erratic or strange. Balloons being "pulsed" up will sometimes appear to be a solid pattern of lights, causing them to appear as a cloud will pick up the sun's rays in a sunset.

Some balloons carry radar reflectors suspended some distance below the balloon to give under certain conditions, their altitude, and may present a weird appearance under some conditions. Let us see why balloons make up a large number of our UFO evaluations.

- page 77 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Aircraft:
With the large air traffic cries-crossing the skies over America, day and night, it is difficult for any citizen to see definite proof of a flight or CAA to keep a permanent record of aircraft movement. Therefore, it is thoroughly necessary to check aircraft movements immediately. We may check those through the CAA radio stations, radar, or many various ways, but we should check thoroughly, for when a report is received, and no aircraft can be found, this could be very significant.

Astronomical bodies:
Many observed UFO sightings are caused by astronomical bodies. The astronomial bodies that are mistaken for UFOs are usually the planets, stars, and moon. The suspicion of being an astronomical body is the bearing, the azimuth through sightness and navigation tables, and determine the locations of objects.

Meteors are not too difficult to evaluate because they seem to appear suddenly, a bright streak across the sky at high speed, without sound, or course changing, and lasting only a few seconds. Six observed for more than 10 seconds, horizon to horizon, six observed is the average. However, unusual meteors reported, and they appear to have had very unusual characteristics.

- page 78 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

You can check meteors by looking for accounts of them in the newspaper, or consulting local astronomers. This next slide, through the courtesy of our friend Walt Disney, emphasizes the number of meteors hitting our atmosphere every day.

(Slide 15 - Target Earth)

Radar Sightings:
24 hours a day, 7 days a week, the radar that is operating as part of the vast majority of the radar that is in operation ever since WWII continues to operate. Radar stations throughout the country provide information of reports of unidentified flying objects. ATC uses a well designed radar system.

Although relatively new as a cause of UFO sightings, we are aware of the fact that under certain conditions and interference between two radars can cause weird effects. Our problem with determining methods of identifying these causes of certain effects and even being able to predict when these effects may cease to exist.

When reporting a radar sighting, the exact weather data are extremely important, such as temperature, pressure and moisture vs. Altitude should always be reported.

Radar Scope Photos:
A large number of ATC radar stations are equipped with special radar scope cameras. ATC regulation 260-2 authorizes the use of these cameras for photographing unusual phenomena appearing on the radar scopes. These scope photos are an absolute necessity for the accurate evaluation of reports involving radar.

(Slide 14 thru 21 - Examples of radar scope returns)

Other Causes of Reports:
Naturally balloons, aircraft and astronomical bodies do not account for all the sightings. There is a similarity in the characteristics of other things, such as ducks and geese flying over drive-in theaters at night, searchlights on clouds forming patterns, flocks of birds, reflections from windshields of cars, etc. These are very difficult to check and very frequently cause reports. These are normally gone by the time a check is made, for example, sometimes boats on a certain western city are somewhat disturbed by glowing objects that slow over the city until daylight when it was determined that they were investigations, interviews and scientific study of the case showed that it was just the reflection of the sun on the surface of the lake, indirectly after considerable investigations, we will have to conclude a case like this and file it. Both mentally and physically when we come across a similar report, we will go back and make a comparative analysis.

- page 79 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document discussing UFO reports and observations.

BALLOONS
Silvery, transparent, disk-like objects may be balloons. The absence of silhouette or engine noise, or any visible means of propulsion, would support such identification. Weather balloons are often released in what appears to be formation, depending on the air currents. They shimmer in reflected sunlight or moonlight, and seem to hover a bit they pass from one air current to another.

Upper air research balloons may attain great heights and travel great distances before they burst and fall back to earth. They may be observed, therefore, in areas far removed from any logical launching site. Research balloons are usually constructed of material which is highly reflective. They often approximate one hundred feet in diameter. Such balloons, when subjected to strong winds, may display an oscillating motion. They carry metallic equipment which can result in electromagnetic effects.

An object usually is not a balloon if its speed is too fast. However, even a balloon, when used for cosmic research, travels in the upper air currents at speeds often in excess of 100 miles per hour. In identifying a flying object as a balloon, it should be borne in mind that a balloon moves with the wind and not against it.

In the field of technological developments, new giant weather balloons have been launched to fly at 30,000 feet or more. They attain speeds and velocities over vast stretches of open air. They will travel high above regulations and will be rigged to destroy themselves if they drop below 28,000 feet, or fail to go that high. These balloons are only 30 feet in diameter and have a plastic skin only 1/100th of an inch thick. Flying at great heights, ever thin, and reflecting sunlight, they could easily be mistaken for unidentified flying objects.

ASTRONOMICAL BODIES
The estimated angular and elevaiton of a flying object can be checked to determine the known location of astronomical bodies. Observers may be identified by conformance to time, charge and maneuvers described in Section 2, "Meteorological and Astronomical Factors".

- page 80 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

analysis of the two reports. If they are substantially alike we will evaluate the new report accordingly. This is about the only method we have of checking such difficult-to-identify sightings.

(Slide 22 - Richmond sighting)
(Slide 23 - New Zealand sighting)
(Slide 24 - Lubbock sighting)

Hoaxes:
One phase of UFO operations which takes so much time and effort is evaluating such difficult sightings. It is the constant flow of sightings found to be, or strongly believed to be, deliberate hoaxes. Some Air Force does not wish to make the physical existence of UFOs public relations must be maintained; we cannot, nor do we desire to initiate legal charges. Many of these hoaxes are crude, others are devilishly clever. I should like to present only a few examples from our files - with a few comments regarding each:

(Slide 25 - Brazilian UFO)
(Slide 26 - Brazilian UFO)
(Slide 27 - Brazilian UFO)
(Slide 29 - Emission flow)
(Slide 30 - Emission flow)
(Slide 31 - Time exposure of moon)
(Slide 32 - Presents of "flying saucer")
(Slide 33 - Supposed "flying saucer")
(Slide 34 - Flaming object case)
(Slide 35 - Professor Adamski's saucer)
(Slide 36 - Reproduction of Adamski's sauce-)
(Slide 37 - Hampton Bay, L.I. sighting)
(Slide 38 - "The supposed new Green Men" case)

VIDEON CAMERAS:
As part of our efforts to scientifically approach and explain the aerial phenomena under investigation, we have designed and placed in selected locations throughout the U.S. specialized cameras. These special stereoscopic cameras are the most modern, the stereo-graphic principle. With these cameras we have now been able to place into our element various combinations of elements of which the object is composed. At the present time they are utilized in approximately 70 selected radar stations and control towers. To date their use has not indicated anything unknown.

(Slide 43 - Videon camera)
(Slide 44 - Test photo, Videon camera)

- page 81 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book special UFO report.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK SPECIAL UFO REPORT:
At this point in the briefing, a number of you probably may feel that we are strangely anti-US or that our findings were not scientific, objective or conclusive. To assure both ourselves and the United States who we have sworn to protect, we undertook another step towards this end-
In May of 1952, a large-scale or distinguished scientists, under the membership of Project White Stork, produced a very extensive study, the Project Blue Book Report Nr. 14, entitled "Analysis of Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects". This report, representative of the best scientific minds of our country, concluded that the reported objects do not represent technological developments or principles outside the range of our present day scientific knowledge.
The conclusions of this study were covered in a press conference held on October 12, 1955, and the report was declassified by the Secretary of the Air Force, and published a few days later.
The conclusions of this study which covered almost 5 years of UFO sightings, were that:
(1) There is a total lack of evidence that these unknowns were inimical or hostile
(2) There is a total lack of evidence that these unknowns were interphenomenal space ships
(3) There is a total lack of evidence that these unknowns represented technological developments outside the range of our present-day scientific knowledge.
(4) There is a total lack of evidence that these unknowns were threat to the security.
Further, there was a total lack of any physical or material evidence - these so-called "flying saucers" was ever found. As emphasized in the detailed look report, if a material object had been obtained, the problem would have been at least on the way toward a technological identification. Since no physical evidence has been obtained on the "unknowns" -- these, too, would have been obvious.
In conclusion, I should like to emphasize that regardless how low the percentages of "Unidentified" may reach, we must in good conscience maintain our investigative and analytical procedures; and regardless how adopt we may become in explaining UFOS, we must, in the future, investigate and analyze every reported incident. Even if a "proof" of their identity should accidentally take place in the future. That is our part of our Air Force mission.
Thank you.
(At this point - "Playbook" - Special Reports Dr. 14, will be passed among the class for group discussion.)

- page 82 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document with the title "EXAMPLES OF " HAND-OUT " MATERIAL TO BE GIVEN TO THE ATT SCHOOL STUDENTS FOR STUDY AND DISCUSSION (UNCLASSIFIED)".

EXAMPLES OF " HAND-OUT " MATERIAL
TO BE GIVEN TO THE
ATT SCHOOL STUDENTS FOR STUDY
AND DISCUSSION
( UNCLASSIFIED )

- page 83 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an Air Force Regulation document on "Unidentified Flying Objects Reporting (Short Title: UFOB)".

AIR FORCE REGULATION
NO. 200-2
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, 12 AUGUST 1954

INTELLIGENCE
Unidentified Flying Objects Reporting (Short Title: UFOB)

1. Purpose and Scope. This Regulation establishes procedures for reporting information and collecting pertinent data relating to unidentified flying objects which may pose a threat to the security of United States Air Force activities in this regard. It applies to all Air Force activities.

2. Definitions: a. "Unidentified Flying Objects" (UFOB) means any airborne object which by performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual features, does not conform to any presently known aircraft or missile type, or which cannot be positively identified as a familiar object.

3. Objectives: The Air Force interest in unidentified flying objects is twofold: First, as a possible threat to the security of the United States and its forces, and secondly, to determine technical aspects involved.

4. Responsibility: a. Reporting. Commanders of Air Force activities will report all information and evidence that may come to their attention of unidentified flying objects. b. Investigation. Air Defense Command will conduct all field investigations within the United States of any UFOB, to determine the validity of reports. The Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC), Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, will analyze and evaluate: All information and evidence reported within the United States; and all information and evidence collected in overseas areas.

5. Guidance: The thoroughness and quality of a report or investigation are indicative of the identification and imagination of the persons responsible for preparing the report. Guidance is issued on experience and has met with satisfactory results.

- page 84 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

AFR 200-2
6-7

Action. These actions may be taken if appropriate and within the scope of existing air defense regulations.

a. Contact with local aircraft control and warning (AC&W) units, ground observation corps (GOC) posts and filter centers, police and private citizens, and any other persons or organizations which may have factual data bearing on the sighting, for the purpose of securing evidence, electronic or otherwise. 

b. Consultation with military or civilian weather forecasters to obtain data on: Tracks of meteorological balloons released in the area. Unusual meteorological activity which may have bearing on the UFOB.

c. Consultation with astronomers to determine whether any astronomical body or phenomenon would account for or have a bearing on the observation. 

d. Contact with military and civilian tower operators, air traffic controllers, and so forth, to determine whether the sighting could be the result of misidentification of known aircraft.

e. Contact with persons who might have knowledge of experimental aircraft, jet fighters, and so forth, in the area.

The Air Force Air Defense Command has a direct interest in the facts pertaining to UFOB's reported within the 4602d Air Intelligence Service Squadron (4602d AISS) jurisdiction. The 4602d AISS is assigned the capability to investigate the reported sighting. The results of the field collection and investigation of matters of air intelligence interest which cannot be solved within the jurisdiction of the 4602d AISS is highly important throughout the ZI as follows: 

(1) Inside ZI reports will be submitted through command channels to the 4602d AISS, headquarters is located at Peterson Field, Colorado, adjacent to Headquarters, Air Defense Command. 

(2) Outside ZI reports will be submitted directly to Director of Intelligence, Headquarters USAF, Washington 25, D.C.

b. Short Title: "UFOB" will appear at the beginning of the text of electrical messages and in the subject of written reports.

c. Negative Data: The word "negative" will be used to indicate that the investigation disclosed no evidence of a UFOB.

- page 85 -

The image does not contain any photographs. I will proceed to extract the text from the document.

AFR 200-2

In reply to any numbered item of the report format will indicate that all logical leads were developed, without success. The phrase "not applicable" will indicate that the item does not apply to the sighting being investigated.

4. Report Forms: Reports will include the following numbered items:

(1) Description of the object(s):
(a) Shape
(b) Size compared to a known object
(c) Color
(d) Number
(e) Formation, if more than one
(f) Any discernible features or details
(g) Trail, smoke, or exhaust
(h) Sound, if heard, describe sound
(i) Other pertinent information

(2) Description of course of object(s):
(a) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
(b) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance
(c) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s)
(d) Length of time of sighting

(3) Manner of observation:
(a) Use one or any combination of the following: visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic (if electronic, specify type of radar.)
(b) Statement as to optical aids (telescope, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof
(c) If the sighting is made while airborne, the type of aircraft and the position of the observer in the aircraft will be specified, and altitude, heading, speed, and home station will be given

(4) Time and date of sighting:
(a) Zulu time-date group of sighting
(b) Zone description (local time) of the following terms: Night, dawn, dusk

(5) Locations of observer(s). Exact latitude and longitude of each observer. Locations will be referred to a known landmark.

(6) Identifying information of all observer(s):
(a) Official - Name, age, mailing address, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.
(b) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.

(7) Weather and wind-aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
(a) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
(b) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity, in degrees and knots, at surface, 3,000', 6,000', 9,000', 12,000', 15,000', 20,000', 30,000', and 50,000', if available.
(c) Ceiling.
(d) Visibility.
(e) Amount of cloud cover.
(f) Precipitation.
(g) Atmospheric conditions in area, and quadrant in which located.

(8) Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

(9) Interception or identification action taken (such action may be taken before, during, or after the sighting, but with existing air defense directives).

(10) Evaluation of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting.

(11) Position and comments of the investigating officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

(12) Existence of physical evidence, such as photographs and instrumentations data. Reports should be unclassified unless inclusion of data required by a above necessitates a higher classification.

8. Evidence. The existence of physical evidence (photography or material) will be promptly reported.
   a. Photographic:
      (1) Actual. The negative and two prints will be forwarded, all original film, including wherever possible, both exposed and unexposed portions, otherwise properly identified as to place, time, and date of the incident.

- page 86 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document.

AFIR 200-2 
8-59

9. Release of Facts. Headquarters USAF will inform the public on this subject. In response to local inquiries, it is permissible to inform news media representatives of UFOB's when the public is positively interested in a familiar object type ("unidentified flying objects," except that the following type of data warrants protection and should not be revealed: Names of personnel, Procedures, and classified radar data. For those objects which are not explainable, only the fact that ATIC will analyze and determine identity, if possible, of unknown involved.

BY ORDER OF THE SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE:

N. F. TWINING
Chief of Staff, United States Air Force 

OFFICIAL:
K. E. THIEBAUD
Colonel USAF
Air Adjutant General

DISTRIBUTOR:
53.OSI, Department of the Navy 200
G-2, Department of the Army 10

- page 87 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a scanned page from a "Guide to Identification" document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

DRAFT

DRAFT

DRAFT

HEADQUARTERS 4602D AISS
ENT. AIR FORCE BASE
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

GUIDE TO IDENTIFICATION

Unidentified Flying Objects

Purpose - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  Paragraph 1
Definitions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 2
Objective - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 3
Guidance - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 4
Identification Criteria - - - - - - - - - - - - Enclosure

1. PURPOSE: The publication is designed for the use of Ground Observer Corps personnel and is published to familiarize observers with common phenomena which are sometimes misinterpreted as Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO's).

2. DEFINITIONS:
a. Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) - Relates to any airborne object which by performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual features, does not conform to any presently known aircraft or missile type, or which cannot be positively identified as a familiar object.
b. Familiar Objects - Include balloons, astronomical bodies, birds, etc.

3. OBJECTIVE: Due to the prolonged observation of the sky during both daylight and night time hours, familiar objects such as meteors, aircraft, balloons, astronomical bodies, searchlights, birds, etc., will be frequently observed by GOC personnel. Due to atmospheric conditions (temperature inversions, dust, clouds, etc.), reflections, sound (or absence of sound), size, and speed, these familiar objects may sometimes be misinterpreted as Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO's).

- page 88 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the objective of familiarizing ground observers with the appearance of common objects that may sometimes be misinterpreted as UFOs. The text also recommends that observers become familiar with a list of common phenomena to which they may be exposed during their tours of duty, as this may enable them to identify objects with a greater degree of accuracy.

OBJECTIVE (Cont'd):
Lack of sound), speed, position, etc., common phenomena may sometimes be misinterpreted as UFO's. It is highly desirable that all UFO phenomena be identified or explained. In this respect, the observer requires some "rule-of-thumb" to assist him in this identification.

The object of this publication is to familiarize the Ground Observer with the appearance(s) of common objects under one or more of the circumstances listed above.

4. GUIDANCE: Attached is a list of common phenomena to which Ground Observers may be exposed during their tours of duty. It is recommended that you become thoroughly familiar with these criteria, as they may enable you to identify objects with a greater degree of accuracy.

- page 89 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

BALLOONS:

1. Shape: Round, cigar, pinpoint, or blinking pin.
2. Size: Balloons up to a hundred feet will generally appear from pinpoint to size of a pea held at arm's length.
3. Color: Silver, white or many tints. It may possibly appear dark as when projected against the clouds. Sometimes transparent.
4. Speed: Large scale erratic speed used but, in general hovering to slow apparent speed.
5. Formation: Single to cluster.
6. Trail: None.
7. Sound: None.
8. Course: Straight with a general gradual ascent, unless fading.
9. Time in Sight: Generally long. Note: Balloons may suddenly burst and disappear.
10. Lighting Conditions: Night or day but especially at sunset or sunrise.

- page 90 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, discussing the characteristics and possible identification of unidentified flying objects.

SHAPE
Shape is an important factor in determining the identity of a flying object. Distortions due to distance, atmospheric conditions, and various optical phenomena can make the identification of the shape reported in the past would appear to be unidentifiable in terms of familiar objects, but the many instances could have been reflections from conventional objects viewed under unusual conditions. Light and shadow, photographic tendistortions, especially when objects are viewed at great distances and in varying degrees of gathering darkness.
An unidentified flying object may assume various shapes. The four most common shapes reported in the past are:
(1) Elliptical or disk shape.
(2) Aircraft shape.
(3) Cigar shape.
(4) Propeller shape.

- page 91 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that describes the characteristics of an aircraft. The text on the page provides detailed information about the shape, size, color, speed, formation, trail, sound, course, and time in sight of the observed aircraft. The document seems to be from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program established in 1952 to investigate unidentified flying objects.

AIRCRAFT
1. Shape: From conventional to circular or elliptical.
2. Size: Pinpoint to actual. 
3. Color: Silver to bright yellow (night - black or color of lights).
4. Speed: Generally only angular speeds can be observed. This depends on distance but small objects crossing major portion of sky in less than a minute can be ruled out. Aircraft will not cross major portion of sky in less than a minute whereas a meteor certainly will. 
5. Formation: Two to twenty. Numbers greater than 20 more likely birds than aircraft.
6. Trail: May or may not have (vapor and exhaust).
7. Sound: Zero to loud shrill or low depending on altitude and winds aloft. Under certain conditions, aircraft may be observed at high altitudes without making any sound.
8. Course: Steady, erratic or gently curving (not erratic - may appear still if approaching head-on). Abrupt angle turns and sudden reversals, abrupt changes in altitude ruled out.
9. Time in Sight: More than 15 seconds, generally of the order of a minute or two.
10. Lighting Conditions: Night or Day.

- page 92 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing descriptive text about the characteristics of meteors.

METEOR

1. Shape: Found to elongated.
2. Size: Apparent to size of moon.
3. Color: Flaming: yellow with red, green or blue possible.
4. Speed: Crosses large portion of sky in few seconds except if coming head-on.
5. Formation: Generally single - can break into shower at end of trajectory. Occasionally (but rare) small groups.
6. Trail: At night almost always shows a luminous train which can persist for several minutes as long as a half hour (rarely). Daytime meteors are much less frequently observed. In daylight, leaves a whitish to dark smoke trail.
7. Sound: None
8. Course: Generally streaking downward, but not necessarily sharply downward. Can on rare occasion give impression of slight rise.
9. Time In Sight: Longest reported about 30 seconds, generally less than 10.
10. Lighting Conditions: Day or Night. Mostly Night.
11. Other: An exceptionally bright meteor is called a "fireball". These are rare but extremely spectacular and on occasion have been known to light surrounding to the brightness of daylight.

- page 93 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text on the topic of "Stars or Planets". The text describes various characteristics of stars and planets, including their brightness, color, speed, and movement.

STARS OR PLANETS

GENERAL
The planets, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn are generally brighter than any star, but they twinkle very much less (unless very close to horizon). Stars twinkle a great deal and when near the horizon can give impression of flashing light in many colors.

1. Shapes: Brilliant - starlike.
2. Size: Never appreciable.
3. Color: Yellow with rainbow variations.
4. Speed: Stars apparent speed carry them from east to west in the course of the night but they are often reported as erratic. The effect is psychological, most people being unable to consider a point as moving stationary. Occasionally turbulence in the upper atmosphere can cause a star to appear to jump (rare) but somehow twinkling gives the impression of movement to many people.

5. Formation: There are no clusters of very bright stars but faint stars are grouped in their familiar constellations.
Notes: A report of 4 or 5 bright clustering lights would rule out stars.

6. Trail: None.
7. Sound: None.
8. Course: Always describe 24 hour circle around pole or sky from east to west.

9. Time in Sight: When clear, stars are always visible. Most stars rise or set during the course of the night. Stars low in western sky at dawn are difficult to see.

- page 94 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document containing a list of characteristics describing unidentified flying objects.

DRAFT

SEARCHLIGHTS

1. Shape: Round to elliptical.
2. Size: Pea at arms length to large luminous glow, dependent upon cloud height.
3. Colors: White fluorescent.
4. Speed: Stationary to fantastic.
5. Formation: Usually only one but occasionally two or three.
6. Trail: None  
7. Sound: None
8. Course: Circling, straight, stationary or erratic. Note: Scattered clouds can give impression of object disappearing and reappearing in a different portion of the sky in a few seconds.
9. Time in Sight: Generally less.
10. Lighting Conditions: Night.

- page 95 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report on optical phenomena. 

The text output is as follows:

OPTICAL PHENOMENA

GENERAL
This can cover a multitude of things.
Optical phenomena which have been reported as UFO's run from reflections on clouds and layers of ice crystals (sundogs) to the many types of mirages. No one set of optical phenomena can be set down as representation for the whole class.

There is no limit to the speed of optical phenomena. Reflections can travel from incredible speed, as in the case of a search-beacon or high clouds to start-hazy.

1. Shape: Generally round but can be elliptical or linear.
2. Size: Variable to large, luminous, etc.
3. Color: Generally yellow.  
4. Speed: Stationary to fantastic.
5. Formation: Any.
6. Trail: None.
7. Sound: None.
8. Course: Any.
9. Time in sight: Any.
10. Lighting conditions: Day and night.
11. Other: One of the standard types is the "sundogs". In this a large luminous halo is seen around the sun with one to four images of the sun placed along the halo circle at intervals of 90 degrees. Another report often has to do with a bright planet or even the moon shining through a light over-cast. Mirage reflections are said to come frequently when temperature inversions exist in the atmosphere.

- page 96 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing some observations or sightings.

9. Time set within an hour or two. Stars in east, always go higher in sky.
10. Lighting conditions: Night - Twilight.

- page 97 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. This information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day: Hour - Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address - City or Town - State or Country
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. Hours - Minutes - Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
ATIC FORM NO. 164 (13 OCT 54)

- page 98 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire about observations of the stars, moon, and unidentified objects.

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF IT was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other Yes No

- page 99 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with questions about describing an observed object.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound __________
b. Color __________

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Clearly defined, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember, e. Other __________

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 100 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with instructions and questions for the observer.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One): a. Head of a pin b. Pea c. Dime d. Nickel e. Quarter f. Half dollar g. Silver dollar h. Baseball i. Grapefruit j. Basketball k. Other. 22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.) a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. In order that you can give a clear picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a "common" object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 101 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image in the provided document. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report discussing various types of unidentified flying objects and radar sightings. I will proceed to extract the text from the document as requested:

This variety of shapes is an indication of individual reaction to what may have been familiar or unconventional objects seen under unusual conditions, or created in the mind of the observer by his physiological limitations and psychological responses. Fatigue, unusual weather conditions, and such states of awareness, accompanying high altitudes could induce such manifestations.

One report of an unidentified flying object stated that it was yellow-white in color and was pulsating or giving off light. This phenomena could have been an actual aircraft reflecting light from some source within or on the aircraft, and glowing from an unusual play of moonlight or starlight on metal parts.

A disk-like object, with illuminated portholes, could be a conventional aircraft distorted in shape and tripped of wings by a temperature inversion mirage, uneven refraction of light through a density discontinuity in the atmosphere, and convergence of surface visual and internal illumination.

Transparent, cigar-shaped objects, illuminated from the inside and emitting an exhaust, could be jet aircraft at high altitudes where they appear smaller. The mirage effect of a temperature inversion could cause the apparent illumination and transparency.

Saucer-shaped objects which hover and maneuver erratically, could be the planets Venus or Mars seen near the horizon at certain times of the year. When objects are viewed through haze or mist, the limitations of the human eye can produce what appear to be a hovering or erratic movement.

Propeller-shaped objects could be conventional or glider-type aircraft, distorted in shape by mirage effects caused by a temperature inversion.

RADAR SIGHTINGS
Radar sightings of flying objects frequently may be explained as ground targets reflected by temperature inversions in the lower atmosphere, or as radar echoes of all of which are variable and which are not all due to solid objects which are recognizable. Moving objects, such as aircraft and birds, normally can be identified by the size of the radar blip and the speed and type of movement measured by the radar set. The radar operator should be able to determine whether the responses noted on his scope are real, or are caused by the weather or other phenomena. A blurred effect on the radar screen may indicate a moving weather disturbance, whereas a solid target, such as an aircraft, will be sharply defined.

- page 102 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various multiple-choice and short answer questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane 
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In the open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? ______________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was elevated from the horizon (elevation):
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______________ degrees.
b. From the horizon _______________ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______________ degrees. 
b. From the horizon _______________ degrees.

- page 103 -

The image contains two sketches.

The first sketch depicts a curved line with an "A" and a "B" marked on it. This sketch is meant to illustrate how high an object was above the horizon (skyline) when it was first seen and how high it was when it was last seen.

The second sketch contains three images. The larger central image shows a person standing on a road with buildings and trees in the background. The smaller image on the left shows a person on a curved line, and the smaller image on the right shows a landscape with mountains in the background.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 104 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy clouds
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Moderate wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
___ Day ___ Month ___ Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 105 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about an unidentified object.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________m.p.h.
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________feet.
41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name ____________ First Name ____________ Middle Name ____________
ADDRESS Street ____________ City ____________ Zone ____________ State ____________
TELEPHONE NUMBER ____________
What is your present job? ____________
Age ____________ Sex ____________
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school ____________
b. High school ____________
c. College ____________ 
d. Post graduate ____________
e. e. Technical school ____________
f. Other special training ____________
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: Day ____________ Month ____________ Year ____________

- page 106 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a form for recording summary data about an observed event.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may rewrite past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME (Please Print)
SIGNATURE
DATE

(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:

- page 107 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO OBSERVERS INSTRUCTION SHEET

1. GENERAL:
a. The diagram represents all of the sky normally visible to the observer. It is designed to show a three-dimensional view of the area centered around the observer at the time of the sighting.
b. The position of any object in the sky can be described by giving its elevation or angle along the horizon, eastward from north.

(1) ELEVATION:
(a) Elevation is 0 degrees for an object on the horizon, and 90 degrees for the point directly over the observer (zenith). Thus, an object half-way up from the horizon to the zenith has an elevation of 45 degrees.
(b) Bearing (or "azimuth") is the angle along the horizon, starting from north and moving clockwise eastward. Thus, an object directly toward the east, with its elevation above the horizon, has a bearing of 90 degrees. An object in the south has a bearing of 180 degrees and so on. North is, of course, zero.

EXAMPLE: An object is seen in the northeast and one-third way up from horizon to overhead. Thus, the object has a bearing of 45 degrees and an elevation of 30 degrees.

2. PLOTTING THE COURSE OF AN OBJECT ON THE SKY DIAGRAM:
a. The path of an object across the sky can be shown completely on this diagram simply by connecting with a curved or straight line the various positions of the object successively occupied. To aid visualization, the path on the western side of the sky is represented by broken lines; the eastern side is shown by solid lines.
b. The diagram can be made a more effective investigative and analytical tool by making the lines (showing the path of the object) thicker or thinner to indicate any variations in the brightness of the object observed. This is especially valuable because the object may start as a very bright source and then gradually fades, or it may appear intermittently or become brighter and then gradually fades. It can be represented by a line becoming increasingly thicker and thinner.
c. Use of colored pencils is especially recommended if the object changes color or hue during the sighting.

ATIC FORM 14(a)
(25 JUL 56)

- page 108 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the diagrammatic representation of a UFO sighting. The text on the page describes the verbal and pictorial description of the sighting, including details about the object's appearance, trajectory, and relationship to known landmarks in the sky.

The text in the document is as follows:

3. EXAMPLE OF DIAGRAM USE:

a. Verbal Description of Example Sighting: Object was first sighted in the southwest about half-way up from the horizon to zenith. Its shape or outline was hazy, but appeared round and about the size of a pea (at arm's length) from where observer stood. It hovered in one spot but brightened considerably for about two minutes - it crossed to the western part of the sky a little to the north of overhead. I could discern its lighter forward and smaller rear color appeared yellowish white. The light went dim when it got two-thirds of the way to the horizon. It then disappeared and climbed rapidly, going toward the southwest and getting brighter. In less than thirty seconds it disappeared from sight, climbing to and then sharply descending out of approximately 60 degrees.

b. Pictorial Description of the Sighting: By referring to the example sheet, notice how simply the above sighting can be portrayed and described, without words. On the example diagram the object is sketched here: Bearing 135 degrees (southeast) and elevation 45 degrees (slightly up from the horizon) at 10:15 PM (military time), 22:25) and then about two minutes later was at bearing 225 degrees (southwest) and elevation 2-3 degrees (close to the horizon). The use of the dotted line to indicate its path in the western part of the sky. The time indication along the path shows its speed (the length of the meridian (the north-south overhead line), the hovering for 1 minute, and the ascent to 30 seconds to the disappearance, arc all shown with a broken line). Thus, the entire sighting can be represented nearly on one diagram.

- page 109 -

The image appears to be a diagram or illustration, and does not contain a photograph. The diagram depicts a spherical grid with coordinates and directional markings, as well as a landscape illustration at the center of the grid.

Text extracted from the document:

90 Zenith

60

30

0

180   S           135   SE         90   E           45  NE
                                315   NW

- page 110 -

The image appears to contain a diagram or chart, but there is no photograph present. The diagram appears to be some kind of navigation or tracking tool, with various lines, angles, and time indicators.

The text output from the OCR is as follows:

90 
Zenith
60 60
10:45 PM
2 MIN.
10:50 PM
30 SEC. 
1 MIN.
1/2 MIN.
135 SE 90 0 45 NE 
180 S 0 N 
225 315 
SW NW 
270
(EXAMPLE SHEET)

- page 111 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document titled "INVESTIGATORS INSTRUCTION SHEET (Sky Diagram)" that provides instructions and guidelines for observing and recording objects in the sky.

INVESTIGATORS INSTRUCTION SHEET
(Sky Diagram)

A. General:
1. The diagram represents all of the sky normally visible to the observer, who is pictured standing under the "zenith" of the sky. It is designed to allow a three-dimensional view of the area centered around the observer at the time of the UFO sighting.
2. The position of any object in the sky can be described by giving its elevation, or angle upward from the horizon, and its bearing or angle along the horizon, eastward from north.
3. Illustration: Elevation is 0 degrees for an object on the horizon, and 90 degrees for the point directly over the observer (zenith). Thus, an object halfway up from the horizon to the zenith has an elevation of 45 degrees.
4. Bearing (or "azimuth") is the angle along the horizon, starting from north and moving clockwise on the object, directly toward the east. No matter what its elevation is above the horizon, an object in the south has a bearing of 180 degrees, toward the west, 270 degrees, and so on. North is, of course, zero.

B. Plotting the Course of an Object on the Sky Diagram:
1. The path of an object across the sky can be shown completely on this diagram simply by connecting the various positions the object successively occupies (see example sheet). To aid visualization, the path on the western side of the sky is represented by broken lines; the eastern side in solid lines. Direction of the object is indicated by arrows. The duration of the observation can be indicated by indicating the time at various intermediate positions.
2. The diagram can be made more effective, investigative and analytical tool by marking the lines (showing the path of the object) thicker or thinner to indicate any varying brightness of the object observed. This is especially valuable while the object appears only as a moving light at night. Thus, if a light becomes brighter and then gradually fades, it can be represented by a line becoming increasingly thicker and then gradually thinning out to nothing.
3. Use of colored pencils is especially recommended if the object changes color or hue during the sighting.

- page 112 -

