The image does not contain any photograph. The document appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 11 NOVEMBER 1957
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 8:00 Z
5. TYPE OF SIGHTING: Ground-Visual
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10-15 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object was very large, larger than moon. Object hung or hovered, no sound.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Possible Balloon, Possible Aircraft, Unknown Appears to be the moon, however, Venus was a very bright but the image is too large to Venus.

- page 1 -

The image contains three sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with the instructions to "Place an 'A' on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a 'B' on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it."

The second and third sketches show larger drawings depicting different views of an outdoor scene. The second sketch shows a road with buildings and trees on either side, while the third sketch shows a more distant, mountainous landscape.

Text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Overcast e. Fog f. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. Calm b. Light breeze c. Strong wind d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or drizzle c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold b. Cool c. Warm d. Hot e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day: 5 Month: 5 Year: 1957

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list the names of others who saw the object.
REDACTED

37. Was this the first time you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Bright silver object very high in sky, reflecting sunlight. Caused considerable interest locally, but no explanation found by observers at the time. No sound, no trail, no interference with radio or TV reception noted. Must have been high altitude.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and blanks for the respondent to fill out.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes ( No ) 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes ( No )
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: (redacted)
ADDRESS: (redacted)
TELEPHONE NUMBER: (redacted)
What is your present job? (redacted)
Age: 35 Sex: Female
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College (Type)
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
10 - 25 - 57 Month Year

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may request information that you have already given in the instructions, and add any further comments or information in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED] 
DATE: SEPT 23 1957

The only way I can establish this is that I saw what appeared to be a large brilliant object or unknown origin flying over the Cincinnati area with a very pronounced glow trailing behind it. This happened at approximately 10:15 P.M. EST on the night of September 23, 1957. The object was observed by me and at least one other person from the Cincinnati area. It was traveling in an easterly direction at a very high rate of speed, and was estimated to be at an altitude of 3,000 to 5,000 feet. The object seemed to emit a tremendous amount of heat and heat waves were observed trailing behind it as it moved. I watched the object for nearly a minute before it disappeared from sight to the east. I tried to estimate its size to be approximately 30 to 40 feet in diameter.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a handwritten document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

"The car arrangement - apparatus looked like a 'pilot light' in its beam, i.e. two car-size apparati side by side, with a dome or knob on the top of each. The 'dome' was glowing with a pale blue-white light, not very bright. The ground below and around the 'craft' was lit up, the light being reflected off the ground, like a 'pilot light'. 

Size - 250 ft. to 300 ft. diameter, 100 ft. height. Moved in and back of my eye sight - it was a cloudy night, and I could not observe it too long or steadily. 

And I looked out both windows on each side. It stayed in view for only a short time - maybe a half minute. As it moved away, it seemed to settle down lower to the ground, remaining in view as it went on out in the distance and behind some trees.

I raced my car to get a better look, but lost sight of it. I did get a good look at it, however, and I am sure the details I have given are as accurate as I could determine at the time from my observations.

Name & Address - (redacted)
Telephone - (redacted)

Please do not identify me. I wish to remain anonymous. However, I feel you should have this report of what I saw. Let me know if you need any additional information from me."

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Text produced by OCR:

Photograph it but even telepathically or cannot be acomplished at this time as see very faint of an image. This time it seemed more pronounced than on the previous 2 photographs sent to me but still not of sufficient clearness to warrant consideration at this time. The film was of a type which we did not carry regularly but have used on a few occasions on a special basis to attempt to obtain better definition on sightings. However the results were not satisfactory. The exposure was made under poor lighting conditions and the object was quite distant as the witness mentioned he was moving away rapidly. We will continue to follow up but at the moment I do not see how we can make further progress on this case. I have only 8 minutes of exposure and rarely can a clear photograph be obtained of all UFOs under such conditions. If we are in a position to make a much more detailed study, I should like to do so, but at the moment I do not think we are gaining anything of value that would justify the expense. The film and handling of the photographic work on this case has been extremely meticulous and careful, and when we are able to get something more definitive, I am certain we will have a real contribution. As we are faced with the limitations of our photographic equipment and the nature of the sightings, I am not too surprised at the results we have obtained.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows handwritten text on what appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

SIGHTING REPORT INVESTIGATION

Several objects were observed in the sky at about 8:00 P.M. on the evening of August 22, 1957. They appeared to be moving slowly from the northeast and disappearing to the southwest. The objects were of irregular shape, varying in size, and seemed to be about 1,000 feet high. The objects appeared to change in speed and direction. There was an estimated 7 to 10 objects in all. They were observed for about 10 minutes. The observer, who was an electronic technician, stated that the objects appeared to be similar to a falling leaf, but much larger. They seemed to have a rocking motion, like a saucer skipping on water.

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a form with instructions for providing details about photographic evidence of unidentified flying objects. The form requests information such as the type and make of camera used, the film, lens, shutter speed, and other technical details about the photography. There is no photograph visible in this particular page.

Text OCR output:

                                      Report
                                  of Photographic Evidence
                                  (This is a sample form)

          1. (a) Date and time photographed: 
          (b) Location: (Outdoors, window, etc.)
          (c) One photograph, forward the negatives
          and two prints. Slide the prints carefully
          Into cardboard stock.

          2. (a) Circumstances: (What led to the taking of the photos?)
          (b) After securing the film strip for an impartial
          examination, the camera was returned to the owner.

          3. (a) Irregularities noted with the camera, film, developer, etc.
             that would affect the precision of the photographs.

          4. (a) Photographs: Information for estimating the details
             of the object photographed, such as apparent size and
             apparent velocity, and movement.

          L - (a) Type and make of camera.
          L - (b) Type and make of lens.
          L - (c) Film used and type of film.
          L - (d) Shutter speed used, that is, "T"
          L - (e) Lens opening used, that is, "f"
          L - (f) Was tripod or solid stand used.
          L - (g) Was "focusing" used, and to what point.
          L - (h) Was object in motion, or at rest, with relation to the earth, and
                 was earth's rotation taken into account?
          L - (i) Any other data with regard to the general conditions under
                 which the photograph was taken.

          By Order of the Secretary of the Air Force
          OFFICIAL

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

ORIGIN OF BASIC COVER SHEET DATE SUSPENSE
SUBJECT: "UFO" Motion Picture Film - Cincinnati, Ohio Incident, December 9 - 10, 1957
ROUTING

INITIAL "OUT" column to denote review of completed
IN OUT OUT IN OFFICE OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE ACTION

TO: DRAFTS-3, Major Tracker DATE 29 MAY 1958
FROM: ACIN-LDB COMPANY NO. DISPATCH
SUBJECT: (No further information)

1. ATIC comment based on its review and analysis of film strip. Submitted for any suggested reply to be made when film is returned to him.

2. The film appears to cover late summer, autumn and winter on one strip, from the scenes shown which ranged from foliage to about three inches of snow.

3. The object definitely appears to be the moon, and preceded immediately by what appears to be two or three persons sitting in a boat in the middle of a lake.

4. Observer could not give the exact date of the sighting, except that it was sometime in December, 1957. The Director of the Observatory where the film was taken can confirm himself) shows that there was a full, or almost full moon on the nights of December 6, 7 and 8, 1957.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report regarding a UFO incident in Cincinnati, Ohio on December 5-10, 1957.

AFTR 0-86 dated 29 May 58, Subj: "UFO" Motion Picture Film - Cincinnati, Ohio Incident, Dec 5 - 10, 1957 (Continued)

We were puzzled by the fact that although directions, locations or official identifications were specifically asked for in both the questionnaire (questions 27, 30 and 31) or the UFO Questionnaire submitted, no answer was given.

A check with radar units and GCI posts that scan this area 24 hours of the day indicates military and civil flights; in well as other persons show no unusual for that locality within a three-week period of the general data given.

We cannot comment on any probable motives on the part of the observer other than what appears to be a picture of the moon, over four months after the incident took place. 

The original film for return to Mr. [redacted] is attached.

3 Incls:
1. Clippings
2. TV Venus 8 Apr 58
3. UFO Film from Mr. [redacted]

Z. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
AFOITR-BE

- page 11 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to the Project Blue Book investigation of a UFO incident that occurred in Cincinnati, Ohio on December 29, 1957.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

AF FORM 192 (REV 2 FEB 58)
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD

AF FORM 14
A FORM 4
AF OIN-4X2C
AF OIN-4X3
AF OIN-4X4
AF OIN-4A
AF OIN-4B
SUBJECT: Major Tucker
AFOIN-1N
AFOIN-4C
AFOIN-4D
AFOIN-4E

29 May 1958
AFOIN-bbg/Capt Gregory/ko/69216
ATIC comment based on its review and analysis of film report. Submitted for any suggested reply to AF OIN-4D.

The film appears to cover late summer, autumn and winter all on one 16mm roll, showing a change in foliage of trees from full to three inches of snow.

It is reported that what appears to be two or three persons sitting in a boat in the daytime. Observer could not give the exact date of the sightings, except sometime in December, 1957, September, 1958.
No fuller or all moon details on the flights of December 28, 27 and 29, 1957.

OTHERS

TEAM
PEAF
GO DAYS
INITIAL

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force study of unidentified flying objects.

SAPIS-3/Maj. Tacker/ t/55524

4 June 1958

Dear Mr.

We are returning your film of an unidentified object submitted to the Air Force for analysis and/or evaluation.

The current definitive analysis of this incident, as an astronomical check reveals, there was a full moon on the night of 7-9 December 1957.

A check with radar units and GCA units that cover the area in question discloses nothing unusual, and our reporting within a three week period of the incident discloses no activity or events.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services
OHIO

SAPIS-3 COMEBACK CY
SAPIS-1 HEADING CY

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text that says "This case contains 1 roll of film."

This case contains 1 roll of film.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a document describing a UFO motion picture film. Here is the text extracted from the document:

PUT ON 0-86 TO
"UFO" MOTION PICTURE FILM
CINCINNATI, OHIO INCIDENT: December 2 - 10, 1957
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
1. A&IC comment based on its review and analysis of film strip. Submitted for any suggested reply to Mr. Matheson to whom it was referred from Ottawa.
2. Briefly our findings:
a. The film appears to cover late summer, autumn and winter all on one strip, from the scenes shown which ranged from full foliage of trees to three (3) inches of snow.
b. The object definitely appears to be the moon, and is preceded immediately by a bright object or three (3) objects manoeuvring in a series around it.
c. Observer could not give the exact date of the sighting, except that it was sometime in December. The incident occurred December 2 - 10, 1955.
d. We are puzzled by the fact that although directions, locations or estimates given do not conform to the official letter (copy attached, dated 8 Apr 55) and in five (5) separate spaces (Questions 1, 2, 3, 4) no answer was given.
e. Check with radar units and GOC posts that seems to be area 26 hours gap on the report, including military and civilian. The periods show two (2) observations per period of the general date given.
f. However, bOnus are so bright during the assumed period of the report that newspapers and science journals commented on it. (Copies are attached to the enclosures and seem to be too large for Venus).
3. We cannot comment on any probable motives on the part of the observer in submitting a film on what appears to be a picture of the moon, over four months after the incident took place.
4. Original film for return to Mr. Matheson is attached.

cc: UFO Case Files
  ARCTIC-Xj
  SAFIE-3

GEORGE T. GREGORY
CAPTAIN, USAF
UFO Project Officer

- page 15 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten document with a redacted title at the top. There are two rectangular shapes below the text, which could be photographs or other visual elements related to the document. However, no photographs or images are visible within the shared image, as the relevant areas have been redacted.

Text from the document:

Capt. Vielhauer
3-3-1952
YR4DD
Recently (date unknown)
Fet 1952

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text output:

SUBJECT: "UFO" Aerial Motion Picture Film - Cincinnati, Ohio, Dec. 6, 1957 (Continued)

We are puzzled by the fact that although directions, locations or designations were not specifically asked for in both the official letter (copy attached, dated 5 Apr 58) and in five (5) separate spaces provided on the question form, this answer was submitted.

A check with radar units and GOC posts that came to his attention as witnesses or reported any UFO or anything unusual for that locality within a three-week period was negative.

However, Venus was so bright during the normal period of the observation that it could have been mistaken for an unusual object in the sky, unless the appropriate lenses were used.

The negative comments on any probable motives on the part of the observer appear to be a picture of the moon, over four times the actual size. 

The original film for return to the is attached.

H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
AFOICC-K3

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

8 APR 1958

Cincinnati 9, Ohio

Dear Mr. [Redacted],

We are in receipt of a piece of colored-motion picture approximately relating to an incident which occurred in your area. This picture was made available to us through a recent telephone conversation with Mr. Hiett of this Center.

We feel that you will agree that with any investigation or study, no analysis can be performed on such material without certain specific data are required such as location, date, description, circumstances, witnesses, movement and other factual information regarding the object and the circumstances under which your photographed it.

It would be appreciated if you would accomplish the attached official UFO questionnaire, in as much detail as possible, and return it to this center to permit us to proceed with a study of the incident. 

For purposes of examination, it is desirable that the complete reel be considered, inasmuch as it is difficult to determine the frames of value. We would appreciate the balance of the film. If this is not possible, a brief statement as to the circumstances to assist in determining the reason the object appeared in only four frames, as this represents only one-fourth of a second in time, normally a period in which it would almost impossible to raise the camera, find the object, center it and take an exposure, particularly against a night sky.

Your cooperation and reporting of this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
NICHOLAS POST
Assistant Deputy
Science and Components

Enclosures:
UFO Questionnaire forms

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire format used to gather information about observed unidentified flying objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, without your permission.

1. When did you see the object? NOVEMBER 6 1957
2. Time of day: 7:51 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEAR READING OHIO SUBURB CITY OF CINCINNATI COUNTY OF HAMILTON 
5. Estimate how long you saw the object: ESTIMTE 2 TO 3 MINUTES
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Just a trace of daylight c. Dusk d. Night
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with a questionnaire about UFO sightings.

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Bright starlight, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. Obscured by clouds, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No.

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? (Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car?), b. Several blocks away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other.

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't Know, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't Know, c. Give off smoke? Yes, No, Don't Know, d. Give off sparks, flashes, or tail? Yes, No, Don't Know, e. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes, No, Don't Know.

12. Did the object move behind something or particularly a cloud? (Circle One): If moved behind: Yes, No, Don't Know.

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): If moved in front of: Yes, No, Don't Know.

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?, b. Transparent?, c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No for each): a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass, e. Binoculars, f. Telescope, g. Theodolite, h. Other.

- page 20 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not contain any photograph. Based on the text and information provided in the document, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Brightest white, light to meet at the center

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label it and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can, such as wings, guidance fins, exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please do not identify any individuals.

Object seemed completely round somewhat like a flat plate or disc. It had no lights or any details that could be told if visible. It moved in a horizontal direction from west to east at a terrific speed. Seemed as enormous as disc ever seen before - true.

18. The edge of the object were: 
a. Clearly outlined
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Sharply outlined, circle
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with questions and instructions for the observer.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess, or estimate what the real size of the object was in its largest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin  
b. Pea  
c. Dime  
d. Nickel  
e. Quarter  
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.):
a. Certain  
b. Fairly certain  
c. Not very sure  
d. Uncertain 

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? SPECIMEN ACCEPRED AT SIGN COMPANY, LOOKED AT AND COMPARED.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words what you would do to construct the object or objects which you observed, or how you think they might have been built.

OCR output:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

OUR HOUSE

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess, or estimate what the real size of the object was in its largest dimension. 25-30 FEET

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
i. Basketball

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.):
c. Not very sure

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? SPECIMEN ACCEPRED AT SIGN COMPANY, LOOKED AT AND COMPARED.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words what you would do to construct the object or objects which you observed, or how you think they might have been built.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document containing a questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. In town, but not in a city?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was coming out of our shop to go home about 9 p.m. I usually watch for any unusual activity in the sky but did not see anything. As I was looking up at the sky, I saw the object. I immediately called my wife and I stopped and watched it as it moved rapidly, then stopped and hovered, and then moved off rapidly. I had never seen anything like it before.

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     b. East     c. South     d. West
e. Northeast     f. Southwest     g. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     b. Northeast     c. East     d. Southeast     e. South     f. Southwest     g. West     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North     b. Northeast     c. East     d. Southeast     e. South     f. Southwest     g. West     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and the number of degrees its elevation was from the horizon.
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From the horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From the horizon ___ degrees.

- page 23 -

