There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

I. DATE
27 NOVEMHEH 1957
2. LOCATION
Near Miamisburg, Ohio
Local: 27/23/E
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
G-Visual
4. TYPE OF OBJECT
D'Ground-Visual

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 minutes

8. LIGHT CONDITIONS
Very dark object observed traveling from the NE to the SSW at a distance of abou t 5 Knilos northeast of observer, the object appeared to be tumbling end over end as it traveled.

11. COMMENTS
On the basis of the data given which includes a description of the object, its motion, apparent size, and distance and duration of observation, there is no complete information that would permit conclusions as to the probable identity of the object. The report is too indefinite for further evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

ATTIC Capt Gregory

1. Reference is made to this date, relating to information received from subject, which is referred to in a previous pertinence to your office.

2. Additionally attached is a copy of our correspondence to subject indicating previous of a letter dated 30 November 1957. No further action or contacts with other persons have been instituted by this office.

1. Ltr. Lt j.g. Airg/w handwritten date of 27 Nov 57.
2. Minisburg, Ohio, 27 Nov 57
3. 29 Dec 57 - Interim reply

C action of accordance ith reported to 22 Dec 1957

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
(AFR 205-1)

- page 2 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch depicting a scene. The sketch shows a figure labeled "MIAMI OHIO" in the center, with a directional arrow pointing south. No other photographs are present in this image.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

Dimensions status of type 14 R.C. Circle co. Clear cording I 15 to 2 cm. Spectre's traveled in 10 Miamisburg, Ohio -thermically practical spaehle I

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

Transcription of the text:

UFO SIGHTINGS OR FOUND 
(AS PLOTTED FROM OFFICIAL SOURCES)

1. 8 Oct 1957 Elmendorf, Alaska 
2. 25 Nov 1957 Globe, Arizona
3. 27 Nov 1957 Miamisburg, Ohio
4. 25 Nov 1957 (Camera) San Diego, California
5. 6 Aug 1952 Wyndotte, Michigan
6. 3 July 1952 -
7. 17 Jan 1950 Grand Couley, Washington

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page from a document that appears to be about a "Rocket Seen" observed by an "Astronomy Unit". The text on the page describes the details of the observed rocket, including its location, trajectory, and other astronomical observations.

Here is the text from the document, as requested:

The Rocket Seen. Astronomy Unit Says
A number of Miami Valley astronomers are reporting the nightly passage of a bright object moving in a northeast direction over the Miami Valley area. The object, which is only visible for a few seconds as it passes across the sky, has been observed by several observers in the area. According to the observers, the object is traveling at a high rate of speed and appears to be some 30 to 35 degrees off the horizon. It passes in a northwest to southeast direction at about 8:25 p.m. EST.
Kittrell also said, "It was visible for about 30 seconds, although some observers claim to have seen it for as long as 45 seconds. From all reports, the object appears to be a bright, brilliant star-like object, moving in a straight line and at a high rate of speed." From observations made in past evenings, the object appears to be about the same brightness as the first magnitude stars, Kittrell stated.
The Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory at Cambridge, Mass., has been informed of the sightings, and it is possible that the institution will have more information on the object in the near future. This is the first chance for United States observers to watch the passage of the rocket, although similar sightings have been reported in Europe.
Kittrell said that the object will be visible for some time, and that observers should watch for it about 8:25 p.m. EST, in a northwest to southeast direction at about 30 to 35 degrees off the horizon.

- page 5 -

