There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 12 September 1957
2. LOCATION: New Carlisle, Ohio
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 21/0932Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. DURATION: 10 seconds
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 seconds
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object first picked up on radar, (2 in. front & 3 in. rear) move across her horizon in a rapid, linear fashion at an estimated 2,000 MPH. Sighting occurred while on patrol on the highway in front of her home, where the object passed (in front of her stationary ohj) at an estimated 2,500 ft. altitude. Source stated "she believes obj about out of this world" (a saucer-like shape).
12. CONCLUSIONS: Insufficient Data

Following is the text extracted from the document using optical character recognition (OCR):

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 12 September 1957
2. LOCATION: New Carlisle, Ohio 
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 21/0932Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. DURATION: 10 seconds 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 seconds
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object first picked up on radar, (2 in. front & 3 in. rear) move across her horizon in a rapid, linear fashion at an estimated 2,000 MPH. Sighting occurred while on patrol on the highway in front of her home, where the object passed (in front of her stationary ohj) at an estimated 2,500 ft. altitude. Source stated "she believes obj about out of this world" (a saucer-like shape).
12. CONCLUSIONS: Insufficient Data

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be a photograph or image present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. However, the text from the document can be extracted as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning a sighting of an unidentified aerial object. The information that you have will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, so please be as frank as you can in giving your answers, and furnish further details.

1. When did you see the object? 9-6-57
2. Time of day: 15:30 Minutes 5
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? US 40, Outside New Carlisle, Ohio
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. Seconds 30
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. (a) Certain (b) Fairly certain (c) Not very sure (d) Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Twilight d. Darkness
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a questionnaire or survey form related to a UFO sighting or observation.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, c. Several blocks away?, d. A block away?, e. Several yards away?, f. Other _100 feet_

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Appear to stand still at any time?: Yes, No, Don't Know, Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?: Yes, No, Don't Know, Give off smoke?: Yes, No, Don't Know, Change brightness at any time?: Yes, No, Don't Know, Change shape?: Yes, No, Don't Know, Flicker, throb, or pulsate?: Yes, No, Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: 

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) Solid?, Transparent?

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?: a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass - Yes, No

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No
b. Color - White

17. Draw a picture of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
[Drawing of an object with the label "First of yr have - Rte 71."]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Sharply outlined c. Other: Unk

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with various questions and instructions for the observer.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. If POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. 
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand: (Circle One:) a. Nickel, b. Penny, c. Dime, d. Quarter, e. Baseball, f. Grapefruit, g. Basketball, h. Half dollar, i. Other.
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.) a. Certain, b. Very sure, c. Moderately sure, d. Uncertain.
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine what you would have seen had you had a camera and could have photographed the object or objects which you observed. Please give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
1. Inside a building
2. In a car 
3. Outdoors
4. On a telephone
5. At sea
6. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
1. In the business section of a city?
2. In the residential section of a city? 
3. In open countryside?
4. Flying in an aircraft? 
5. Flying over a city?
6. Flying over open country?
7. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Star gazing a little after the sun set on a clear evening with few clouds, I spotted the object across the sky to the southwest.

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes  No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest

31. If this object was at all similar to an aircraft, how could you tell that it was not an aircraft from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation):
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _____________ degrees.
b. From horizon ______________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ______________ degrees. 
b. From horizon ______________ degrees.

- page 6 -

The image contains three sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line representing the horizon, with instructions to place a mark "A" on the curved line to indicate how high the object was above the horizon when the observer first saw it, and a mark "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when the observer last saw it.

The second and third sketches show two different landscape scenes, with instructions to place an "A" at the position where the object was first seen, and a "B" at the position where it was last seen.

OCR text output:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, likely containing a questionnaire or report form regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): 1. Clear sky, 2. Few clouds, 3. Scattered clouds, 4. Thick or heavy clouds
34.2 WIND (Circle One): 1. Light wind, 2. Moderate wind, 3. Strong wind, 4. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): 1. Cold, 2. Cool, 3. Warm, 4. Hot, 5. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 (Circle One) Yes, 36.2 (Circle One) Yes, please list their names and addresses: No

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 (Circle One) YES, If you answered NOT THEN when when, where, and under what circumstances did you see others?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Some natural object at normal altitude

- page 8 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or questionnaire.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

41. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [Redacted] 
CITY: New Carlisle
STATE: Ohio

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]

What is your present job? Welder Repairing at Factory
Age: 35
Sex: M

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school Electronic School
f. Other special training Not given

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Blank]

- page 9 -

