The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Cambria AF Station in California, dated August 19, 1957.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 19 August 1957
2. LOCATION: Cambria AF Station, Calif.
3. TIME: 2030/0410Z
4. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1-2 minutes
6. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Two objects sighted size of 5-10 miles separate. The other 1 mile separate. First object descended slowly, other ascended. Faded out after 1-2 minutes. Another report of 3 similar objects which appeared to be stacked.
7. CONCLUSIONS: Was Ball-iman Primarily Balloon. Was Aircraft Primarily Jupiter.

- page 1 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be a star chart or sky map. The chart shows the positions of various celestial bodies, including planets and stars, in the night sky. There is no human face visible in the image.

SATURN VISIBLE IN SOUTH  
Along with Venus and Jupiter, which will be visible in the early evening, and Saturn, the August sky offers an opportunity to see the famous Aurora Borealis.  

ASTRONOMY 
BY LOUIS SLONKEY

ALTHOUGH SATURN is the only planet which is visible in August, it can be found at times in the early evening.

As the brilliant Venus, which, as the beginning and end of the name implies, is at the "top" and "bottom" of the sky's visibility, appears, Saturn will be easy to locate, low in the west.

Saturn is rather faint, however, in contrast to Venus, and appears about as bright as Jupiter or some of the first-magnitude stars. The ring system, for which Saturn is so well known, will not be seen, as they are now turned edgeways to the earth.

About a seventh as bright as Venus, Jupiter can be found high in the southern sky, being the most brilliant object in this part of the heavens. Nearer the horizon, but still easy to see, is Antares, the reddish "Heart" of the Scorpion, and Corona Borealis, or the Northern Crown, which appears as a semicircle of stars high toward the northwest.

Just above the horizon, and sometimes mistaken for an airplane, are the bright stars Vega and Arcturus, the latter reddish in color.

Five Bright Stars
Among the most bright stars - that is, those of the astronomer's first magnitude - are Vega in the northwest, Arcturus in the north, Antares in the southwest, and Jupiter and Saturn. All of these are prominently displayed in the evening sky during August.

In the southwest is Scorpius, in which we can see the red star Antares and also a number of other bright stars, which draw the figures of the constellation. The Milky Way also extends across the south, past the "teapot" portion of Sagittarius.

To the north and east we can see the brilliant stars Arcturus and Vega, which are marking the beginning and end of the Milky Way for northern observers.

AURORA REPORTED LOW 
A recent report on aurora published in Canada indicates that they can occur at lower altitudes than was previously thought, though the aurora in the normal sense is still mainly confined to upper atmospheric regions.

Dr. John A. Murphy of the Geophysical Institute, College, Alaska, stated that his observations of aurora showed that the lower border was from 15 to 20 miles above the earth's surface, rather than the previously believed 60 to 100 miles.

This indicates that the lower portions of aurora may be more readily visible by ground observers than was believed earlier. The bright upper regions which extend as high as 500 miles are still far beyond our view and continue to show up as "northern lights."

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

DE FIELDS
MEDICINE: Cortisone-like Drugs 
Stop Childbirth Killings

PSYCHIATRY: General Hospitals 
More Mental Patients

BIOLOGY: Chickens' Double Egg Production

INDUSTRY: Radioisotopes Help Weigh Red-Hot Slags

THREE BRITISH scientists have succeeded in deducing a powerful new law of isotopic chemistry. They found that the absorption of heat energy by complex molecules could be measured indirectly from the ratio of isotopic concentration.

In the psychiatric section, it is mentioned that general hospitals are treating increasing numbers of mental patients, and that about two-thirds of these psychiatric units are in general hospitals rather than mental institutions.

The biology section discusses a study on chickens that found a way to double egg production in chickens, through the development of a technique that triggers the chickens to lay two eggs per ovulation instead of one.

The industry section talks about how radioisotopes are being used to help weigh red-hot slags, which are byproducts from metal smelting.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document with a title "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" at the top.

OCR output:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much
information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have
observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not
be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, unless your
permission is given.
1. When did you see the object?   Aug  16, 1947
2. Time of day:
(Circle One) A.M. r) P.M.
3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Highway 99, I'v1.
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)  5 min.
6. For what portion of above time was the object continuously in sight?
Entire time
6.1 How was the motion of the object described?
Irregular, up and down
6.2 When object in sight was it continuous?
YES No
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. Behind you
c. To your left
d. To your right
e. Overhead
JTD FORM
DEC 72 164 This form supersedes STIR 194, Jul 51, WHEN IS OBSOLETE

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" which asks various questions about sightings of unidentified flying objects, including details about the stars, moon, weather conditions, and characteristics of the observed object.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

2. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
3.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Many
b. Few
c. Don't remember

3.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight--pitch dark
c. Don't remember  

4. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Hazy 
b. Cloudy
c. Overcast
d. Foggy, mist or light rain
e. Clear, but hazy or milky
f. Don't remember

5. If seen at NIGHT, how would you describe the BRIGHTNESS of the object:
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

6. Compare the brightness to some common object:
(Circle what you saw)

11. The edges of the object were:
a. Sharply outlined
b. Blurred or fuzzy
c. Like a bright star
d. Seemed to change outline
e. Don't know

12. The object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appeared to be rotating: Yes, No, Don't know
b. Rode up and down on the edge: Yes, No, Don't know
c. Changed brightness: Yes, No, Don't know
d. Changed color: Yes, No, Don't know
e. Disappeared and reappeared: Yes, No, Don't know
f. Moved in any other way: Yes, No, Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it, or, how? (Describe fully) Yes, the object moved rapidly in a straight line and disappeared. (Describe in own words)

15. Did the object leave behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? No

16. Did the object move in front or in back of something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what. No

17. Tell in your own words what happened. (Continue on back if necessary) The object was seen moving rapidly in a straight line and then it disappeared from sight. It did not leave behind any clouds or move in front or back of anything.

18. What was the approximate size of the object (compare to a known object such as an automobile, airplane, etc.)? The object appeared to be larger than a commercial aircraft and it was moving much faster.

19. Please sketch the object, if possible, showing shape, tail, wings, etc. and indicate the direction of motion. (Use reverse side if necessary.) (No sketch is provided)

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire or form with questions and checkboxes related to a UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)
Yes No. If yes, what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One)
Yes No. If you can estimate a distance, how far away would you say it was? 1st.be -1,3 ys  

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Out-of-doors
c. In an automobile
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the country, not in a city?
d. Flying over land?
e. Flying over water?
f. At a military installation?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, that completed the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you travelling?
24.2 About what speed (miles per hour) were you travelling?
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle One for each)
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No 
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Photographic equipment Yes No
f. Thru-out field glasses Yes No
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words as concise and complete terms as possible, what impressed you most about the object which you saw.

Any ciscular saucer looking object that seem to dange along in an irregular erratic manne, just above the trees or rooftops of tall buidings. Moved into sight, hovered briefly and then disappeared swiftly over the horizon. Left a sort of vapor trail in its wake. Impossible to obtain a clear photograph because of the swiftness of its movement.

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the "UFO form continued" page.

OCR text output:

UFO form continued
Page 4
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Give their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Day Month Year

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document. It contains two diagrams - one showing a sketch of an object in the sky and a compass-like diagram with directional markings. There is no photograph present in this image.

OCR text output:
Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Please an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (the first line). If you first saw it, please an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was at its highest point. If it passed on, place a "C" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it.
28. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a document titled "Official U.S. Air Force UFO" which appears to be a questionnaire or report form. The text on the form is handwritten and discusses details about a UFO sighting.

Here is the text from the document:

34. Have you completed this questionnaire?
Yes

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Flight have told me to come in and give a report on what I had seen. They have told me that there were two sightings of UFO's in this area. The object I saw was approximately 70-80 feet in diameter and was hovering at about 1500 feet. It appeared to have a greenish-white color and there were no visible means of propulsion. The object remained in the same general area for about 15 minutes and then took off at a high rate of speed in a northerly direction. I am certain that what I saw was not a jet, helicopter, or any other type of aircraft I am familiar with. I have been in the Air Force for over 10 years and have never seen anything like this before. I have no explanation for what I saw.

- page 10 -

The image appears to contain a scanned document that includes some text and descriptions, but no photograph. As per the instructions, I will not identify any individuals in the document, but will instead describe and discuss the contents as an observer would.

The text in the document describes an incident that occurred in New Jersey in August 1957, where a group of teenagers witnessed several unusual objects in the sky. The objects are described as "luminous blue stones" that were observed falling to the ground. The document provides detailed accounts from the witnesses, including their descriptions of the objects' appearance, movement, and disappearance. It also mentions the involvement of local authorities and their investigation of the incident.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY) AUGUST 1957 NEW JERSEY

"LUMINOUS BLUE STONES" FALLS IN N.J. AS UFOS ARE SEEN

A handful of provocative clippings from New Jersey papers described an apparent cluster of interesting UFO observations on the evening of August 13, 1957. Reports came from Hudson County, across the river from New York City, from the Bayonne area, and one from Weehawken, New Jersey, through which the Hudson Dispatch correspondent presented a series of eyewitness accounts.

At 9:20 p.m., a group of Union Pike, North Bergen, was seated on his patio when he suddenly noticed a round, yellow-orange object, slightly smaller than the full moon, when it seemed to be descending slowly. Without diminishing in size, the object hovered, then moved off laterally and silently from sight. The Hudson Dispatch correspondent reported that he told us that it could not have been an aircraft as it made no sound.

At the same time, a group of North Bergen, and four other teenagers, all saw an object, "bright blue and round", which appeared and somewhat to the west of them. Sparks were emitted from the sides and it moved slowly from right to left. After hovering for a short time, it darted off at high speed and was lost to view behind some buildings. They did not notice the two smaller objects.

A little later, one of the first group of four, a college senior, and five friends, while seated on their porch on Observatory Avenue saw "a cigar-shaped object, illuminated inside, three quarters of the size of a full moon". It came from the left and hovered for a moment or two, and the object's course was "oscillating-up and down". And according to the report, as the big object went through this motion, two smaller objects, each about one-quarter of the size of the large one, came out of it and vanished into the distance.

Although these witnesses all agree on one point-the objects' disappearance from the city over the horizon-there were reports west of Hudson County, however. A round, brilliant, fast-moving, violet light was observed by a woman in Fairfield Township, 16 miles north northwest of Newark, who said it "caught her eye as it was going by and that she thought it might have been a meteor". (Plainfield Courier-News, 8/14)

In West Englewood, 16 miles north northwest of Bogota, and 23 miles north northeast of the Bayonne area, one couple reported seeing a "round, illuminated object" only that, but they said it fell to the ground in a neighboring yard, and they had trouble locating it afterwards.

At 9:30 p.m., Mrs. Mareline Avenue was sitting in the side yard when she saw something in the sky which she described as "moving in a general southwest-to-northeast direction". They were certain they saw it come down from the other side of the Anthony Street side of the yard into which they thought the object had fallen; but when they approached the part of the yard into which they thought the object had fallen, they found nothing there. They told the investigators it should not have been.

Output text:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY) AUGUST 1957 NEW JERSEY

"LUMINOUS BLUE STONES" FALLS IN N.J. AS UFOS ARE SEEN

A handful of provocative clippings from New Jersey papers described an apparent cluster of interesting UFO observations on the evening of August 13, 1957. Reports came from Hudson County, across the river from New York City, from the Bayonne area, and one from Weehawken, New Jersey, through which the Hudson Dispatch correspondent presented a series of eyewitness accounts.

At 9:20 p.m., a group of Union Pike, North Bergen, was seated on his patio when he suddenly noticed a round, yellow-orange object, slightly smaller than the full moon, when it seemed to be descending slowly. Without diminishing in size, the object hovered, then moved off laterally and silently from sight. The Hudson Dispatch correspondent reported that he told us that it could not have been an aircraft as it made no sound.

At the same time, a group of North Bergen, and four other teenagers, all saw an object, "bright blue and round", which appeared and somewhat to the west of them. Sparks were emitted from the sides and it moved slowly from right to left. After hovering for a short time, it darted off at high speed and was lost to view behind some buildings. They did not notice the two smaller objects.

A little later, one of the first group of four, a college senior, and five friends, while seated on their porch on Observatory Avenue saw "a cigar-shaped object, illuminated inside, three quarters of the size of a full moon". It came from the left and hovered for a moment or two, and the object's course was "oscillating-up and down". And according to the report, as the big object went through this motion, two smaller objects, each about one-quarter of the size of the large one, came out of it and vanished into the distance.

Although these witnesses all agree on one point-the objects' disappearance from the city over the horizon-there were reports west of Hudson County, however. A round, brilliant, fast-moving, violet light was observed by a woman in Fairfield Township, 16 miles north northwest of Newark, who said it "caught her eye as it was going by and that she thought it might have been a meteor". (Plainfield Courier-News, 8/14)

In West Englewood, 16 miles north northwest of Bogota, and 23 miles north northeast of the Bayonne area, one couple reported seeing a "round, illuminated object" only that, but they said it fell to the ground in a neighboring yard, and they had trouble locating it afterwards.

At 9:30 p.m., Mrs. Mareline Avenue was sitting in the side yard when she saw something in the sky which she described as "moving in a general southwest-to-northeast direction". They were certain they saw it come down from the other side of the Anthony Street side of the yard into which they thought the object had fallen; but when they approached the part of the yard into which they thought the object had fallen, they found nothing there. They told the investigators it should not have been.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book of the United States Air Force. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

712TH AIRCRAFT CONTROL AND WARNING SQUADRON
United States Air Force
Cambria Air Force Station
Cambria, California
75C.S            21 August 1957

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Reports (UFOB)

TO:    Commander
      Air Defense Command
      Ent Air Force Base Colorado

1. The following UFOB reports are submitted to your headquarters with reference to par 7a. (2), of AFR 200-2, dated 14 August 1956:

a.  The report number one (1) is as stated below.
    APR 26-2:  Report number one (1) is as stated below.

2.  Description of the object(s):
    (1) Shape: Round
    (2) Size compared to a known object held in the hand: at about arms length
    (3) Color: (one white) (one reddish orange)
    (4) Number: Two (2)
    (5) Formation: if more than one, is more than one (one 500 ft. high)

3. (a) Time separation: None 
    (b) Any discernible features or details: None
    (c) Trail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same: None
    (d) Sound, if heard, describe sound: None
    (e) Other pertinent or unusual features: None

b.  Description of course of object(s):
    (1) What first attracted the attention of observer to the object?: Usually no identification to be made in that area.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, containing text describing a UFO sighting.

Excerpt from the text:

except for some abrasions and some dried red mud in the hollow. One end appears to be broken surface, dark blue-gray in color...Mr. thought it is in the beam of his searchlights, and thought it was a bluish "hazy" or shine to it, but it does not indicate too certain that this was unnatural. It had a peculiar, smokey odor... plunge from the sky, presumably a meteorite, they called the Patterson Case and resumed the searching operations and were still in the air when the Tolowa Drive-In theater, a few miles to the west on Route 101, where he saw the blue fireball fall in the ocean...on Monday, September 16th, Mr. is called to the base to identify the stone, were it from its origin a meteorite...It would appear that this is an error that they may make - time after time, witnesses or a fireball may wear on the memory and daring may be recalled as something else when it is actually what they saw originally.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s.

NO CASE (Information Only)
3 AUGUST 1957
DENVILLE, NEW JERSEY

MORRIS COUNTY RESIDENTS SEE SEARCHLIGHTS--AND SOMETHING ELSE

August 3, 1957: The two observers involved in the following report have requested that their names be withhed for security reasons. This information is included here and will not be used publicly. They are members of the North Jersey UFO Group.

Two Morris County residents, "A" and "B", were on duty about 9:30 p.m. (EST) when they observed a bright, white light source hovering about a mile away. They immediately called their supervisor, "C", to come and see the object. "C" and the other two observers watched the object for about 20 minutes. "A" and "B" then called police headquarters in Rockaway, New Jersey, to report the incident.

Object: The object was described as being as large as a DC-3 aircraft, about the size of a car, and oval-shaped. Both men watched for several minutes as the object moved slowly and erratically, and would occasionally disappear and reappear. As it moved, a halo of light was visible around it. It appeared to be transparent. After about 20 minutes, the object suddenly accelerated and disappeared over the horizon. 

Witnesses: The two observers ("A" and "B") are trained in observation and are familiar with searchlights and aircraft. They stated there were no planes in the area before or after the sighting.

On August 5th, the Morris County Sheriff and Newark Evening News reported numerous accounts of "flying saucers" and "strange lights" throughout Morris County on the 3rd. One Dover resident said he "saw three saucer-like objects moving about the Morristown area." One Dover resident said he "saw three saucer-like objects moving about the Morristown area."

The papers explained that the callers had all been fooled by searchlights from Law-changing clouds, operated by the Pine Brook Aviation on Route 46, which was celebrating its tenth anniversary. While many calls unquestionably were attributable to these searchlights, it is clear from this case that at least one unidentified object was observed that night in the sky over Morris County.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a written report about a UFO sighting over Old Greenwich, Connecticut on August 6, 1957.

No Case (Information Only)
6 August 1957
Old Greenwich, Connecticut

A HOPPING UFO OVER OLD GREENWICH, CONN.

August 6, 1957: Mrs. ________ of Old Greenwich, Connecticut, was standing on her porch at 9:00 p.m. when she noticed a strange object in the sky. It was silent, and there was no trace of daylight left in the sky. Her attention was caught by the sudden appearance of a bright light which she describes as being south of her. It was bright, larger than the full moon in angular size, and the color was bluish-white. The object was roughly equivalent to the full moon in angular size. The object hovered and wobbled about, up and down and in an erratic manner, for some minutes, approximately two to three.

Mrs. ________ had barely noticed this object when she saw it suddenly execute a semicircular and upward movement which she described as "a sudden scaling just as a fish springs from the water." It disappeared in about ten "oscillations."

It returned almost immediately - still fairly bright but not as large. It did not pause or hover this time, but shot away rapidly as if it were retreating and it disappeared in the distance across the sky. Mrs. ________ thought it must have accelerated tremendously to have gotten away so quickly.

The entire observation lasted several minutes. The object, while hovering, was large and distinct; however, if it did disappear into the clouds, it was evident only by the larger and farther away it became and then by its disappearing from view. The editor is indebted to Mrs. ________ for this report to CSI.

- page 15 -

The image appears to contain a newspaper or magazine article with the headline "Atom Test Rocks Nevada Desert" and several paragraphs of text describing the postponed explosion of an atom bomb test over the Nevada desert.

Atom Test Rocks Nevada Desert
Long-Postponed Explosion Dashes Blimp to Ground
ATOMIC TEST SITE, Nev., Aug. 7 (AP)-The first of a series of atomic tests scheduled for today over the Nevada desert was postponed again.
The explosion, postponed once yesterday, was expected to take place this morning at about 4 a.m. but never occurred. Instead, witnesses reported, a blimp over the area was dashed to the ground with a bright orange flash and a thundering roar.
The blast, expected to be in the kiloton range, was nearly 12 years to the day after the 1945 bombing of Hiroshima.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document or report.

UNCLASSIFIED

WR AO-X 6968057 13 JULY 1957 
RR AD-AEDFWF
RF-13
BT
FM: USAF MARSH DC
TO: ATIC WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OHIO
INFO: CAS OESP WASH DC
SUBJ: REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT SIGHTING AT 2325 GMT 28 JUNE 1957, CAMBRIA AIR FORCE STATION, CALIFORNIA
1. ON 6 JULY 1957, COMMAND PILOT REPORTED ONE UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT SIGHTING ON 28 JUNE 1957 AT 2325 GMT AT CAMBRIA AIR FORCE STATION, CALIFORNIA.
2. DESCRIPTION: ONE FAST MOVING OBLONG WHITE OBJECT, APPEARING TO HAVE SOME FORM OF PROPULSION SYSTEM. OBJECT OBSERVED FOR ABOUT 8-10 SECONDS, TRAVELING FROM NORTHWEST TO SOUTHEAST AT HIGH ALTITUDE.
3. ALL PERTINENT DATA REGARDING THIS INCIDENT HAVE BEEN DISPATCHED TO ATIC FOR EVALUATION. COORDINATE ANY REQUIREMENT FOR TECHNICAL FOLLOW-UP WITH USAF MARSH.
4. UNC LASSIF IC 0 
T/LT-01-032 AES AJEFHA

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

MEMORANDUM FOR OFFICE OF SCIENTIFIC ADVISOR 
SUBJECT: Information regarding LOGAN (1.Lgand) ATIS Current Limitations for conducting Investigations.

1. The following information regarding subject matter, is submitted for your information or whatever action deemed necessary:

a. The collection regarding subject matter was informally by the 1006th ATIS (formerly LGCOND), HQS. Air Defense Command on 31 July 1957 that the following condition limitations existed: 

Reason for this limitation is that there are no current expenditures available. for this purpose.

b. No other information or action was made regarding our viewpoints. And, in particular, any suggestions of action for these incidents which this Center has requested formal investigations and detailed reports.

c. To precede this report to you is above, that organization was informally advised.

a. That this Center has no official notice of this matter.

b. That the prior action should be brought to the attention of their parent organization, as this Center has neither jurisdiction nor authority to proceed examining problems for other organizations.

c. That until informed otherwise (officially) this Center shall continue to improve facility recommended by this organization for investigations as in the past.

GEORGE J. GREGORY
CAPT, USAF
UFO Project Officer

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

VP HQ 24 VPD 235 YPD 1728/30 957T
RR RJEBUP RJEPHO
DE RJEDEN 36
R 491753Z
BY COMADC ENT AFB COLO
TO RJEPHO/CONS USAF WASH DC
INFO RJEDWP/COMADC ATIC WPAFB OHIO

UNCLAS FROM ADODI-B 24. FOR APCIN.- REFERENCE APR 200-2 REGARDING
UFOB REPORTING.. REQUEST ADC BE RELIEVED OF INVESTIGATIVE RESPONSIBILITICS CONTAINED IN REFERENCED REGULATION WHEN THE ACSSOR MISS WAS
DISCONTINUED 4 JUL 57. THIS COMMAND LOST ITS CAPABILITY TO CONDUCT
SUBJECT INVESTIGATIONS. FURTHER REQUEST ADC BE DELETED AS ADDRESSEE ON
UFOB REPORT ORIGINATING OUTSIDE ADC, AND COMADC ATTH CCS BE SUB-
STITUTED FOR ADC AS ADDRESSEE ON ELECTRICAL MESSAGES, SINCE CONAD
IS RESPINSIBLE FOR DETERMINING AIR DEFENSE WARNING.

BY

JO /URYZ JUL RJEDEN

UNCLASSIFID

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, specifically a "MEMO ROUTING SLIP" with various handwritten information and details.

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
AFOIN-25L
4 APRIL 57
UNCLASSIFIED
Capt. O. T. Grady
6 AUG 57
UNCLASSIFIED
DD Form 95

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a memo routing slip.

The text from the document is as follows:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
(FOR USE FOR APPROVALS, DISAPPROVALS,
CONCURRENCES, OR SIMILAR ACTIONS)

ORGANIZATION & LOCATION	15/7/57
COORDINATION
FILE
INFORMATION
NECESSARY
ACTION
NOTE AND
RETURN
SIGNATURE

18 JUN 1957
UNCLASSIFIED
DISTRIBUTION
GENERAL	COLLIER
SEE ALSO

TELEPHONE

DD FORM 95

- page 21 -

The image contains a map or diagram showing various geographic locations and their coordinates. There is no photograph present in this image.

Text from the document:

CAMBRIA A.F. STATION, CALIF. AUGUST 6, 1957

- page 22 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image in this particular page of the Project Blue Book document. The page appears to be a textual report with various sections containing information about the sighting, such as the angle of elevation and azimuth (direction) of the object, the description of the flight path and/or maneuver, the manner of disappearance, and the length of time the object was observed. The report also includes information about the ground-visual observation, observers, weather and wind conditions, and the observer's account of the weather conditions.

Here is the text output from the document:

775th ACWIN SQUADRON, SUBJ: UFOB Reports (Cont'd)

(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth (direction) of object when first sighted: 25 degrees 35 minutes from Cambria AFS. 

(3) Angle of elevation and azimuth (direction) of object when last observed: 25 degrees 15 minutes from Cambria AFS.

(4) Description of flight path and/or maneuver of object: Seemingly hovering, could not determine flight path or maneuver.

(5) Manner of disappearance of object: Faded out.

(6) Length of time in sight: 15 minutes.

e. Manner of observation:

(1) Ground-visual.
(2) Statement as to optical aids: None.
(3) N/A.

d. Time and date of sighting:

(1) 2015 time-date group: 20/04/57 - 2015 night.

e. Location of observers: Exact latitude, or reference to known landmark: Cambria Air Station.

f. Identifying information of all observers:

(1) Capt. - 775th ACWIN N - Crew Chief 
(2) Capt. - 775th ACWIN - Asst. Crew Chief
(3) A2C - 775th ACWIN - Radar Operator
(4) A2C - 775th ACWIN - Radar Operator
(5) A2C - 775th ACWIN - Radar Operator

g. Weather and winds aloft - Conditions at the time and place of sighting:

(1) Observer's account of weather conditions: Very Clear.

- page 23 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document. It contains a rectangular black and white image in the center, which appears to be a typed document or report. There is no visible human face or identification in the image.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
12 AUGUST 1957
Mendling, Massachusetts

Deair. Flying Saucer:
  May 58

(Transcribed text)
SECURITY DATA, EVALUATION AND INTELLIGENCE ONLY
CONFIDENTIAL. RESTRICTED DATA
This object was observe about 9:30 P.M. on May 5, 1958 at Cambria Air Force Station, Califomir. 
The object appeared bright white, elliptical in shape, and moved at a high rate of speed across the sky from east to west, changing direction to northwest.
It was observed by three observers on duty at the radar site. Duration of sighting was approximately 1 minute. The object was tracked on radar, but contact was lost due to terrain blockage. 
No sonic boom was heard and the object appeared to be at high altitude.
The object could not be identified as any known aircraft or natural phenomenon.
SECURITY DATA, EVALUATION AND INTELLIGENCE ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL.RESTRICTED DATA.

- page 24 -

There is no photograph included in this document page from Project Blue Book. The page contains a text-based report describing an observation of an unidentified flying object over the Forest Hills area of New York on August 14, 1957. The report provides details about the sighting, including observations made by a witness, the object's movement and behavior, and the reactions of others who were present.

Text output:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

14 August 1957
New York City, New York

DOG AND OTHERS OBSERVE MOVING OBJECT MANEUVER OVER FOREST HILLS

August 1, 1957. dog (name deleted) with his parents, a 14-year-old girl and a young boy, observed the following account of an observation made by a "friend of his" in Forest Hills (Queens):

"On August 14 at 11:30 p.m. I was awakened by my dog barking. I looked out the window and saw a lighted object maneuvering over Forest Hills. It would stop, then move up, down, and sideways. I called my parents and they too saw it. It was round with a blue light in the center and emitted a white light all around the outer edge. After about 5 seconds of observation, it shot straight up out of sight. My dog barked throughout the sighting. I called the police but they refused to come. I then called Kew Gardens and Kew Gardens Hills fire departments and they too refused to come. A neighbor took her back in the house and returned to the window. In the meantime, the object reappeared, maneuvered as before and finally shot straight up again. I watched it for about 2 minutes in all. 

After this incident I called the Forest Hills police again and they came out but would not take a report. They said they would send it to the 'higher-ups.' When the police arrived, the object did not reappear."

The witness stated that the object stopped, maneuvered, and shot straight up several times. Nine days later, on August 23, Al Balsamo and Carl Thomas, ambulance drivers for Kings County hospital, had a similar experience with an unidentified object while making a call. They were driving along Ocean Parkway in Brooklyn when "the car radio went out and weird things happened to the car." A woman in East Northport had been awakened by a "loud humming noise" and it seemed this was connected to the incident involving the ambulance drivers. It was reported that a couple in Merrick, Long Island, had seen a UFO which "made a sound like the hum of a bee."

- page 25 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

HEADQUARTERS
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

TDRR RRPLY TO:
AFOIT - Ul
(4 Aug 57)

C.E. WILLIAMS
Captain, USAF
Aast Adjutant General

Thank you for your information.

While we would like to be of greater assistance in this matter, it appears that the information provided, and the nature of the incident reported, do not justify further inquiry or investigation by the Air Force or other government agencies. 

Also, we would like to know if you had any photos or other graphic material related to the cause of the unidentified objects described. If such photos or graphic material were obtained, we would be interested in receiving them for analysis. However, in the absence of such supplementary evidence, we are unable to attach a high degree of significance to the incident as reported.

I regret that we cannot be of more assistance. Please feel free to submit any additional information you may obtain.

Thank you for your cooperation.

CECIL E. TAYLOR
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Directorate of Intelligence

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. 

1. Report number w/a
address  K. Geel

2. 15 juni 59
Cambria AF Station, Calif.

The text describes the report details, but there is no photographic evidence included on this particular page.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

An Unidentified Flying Object was observed by Airmen at Cambria Air Force Station, California, on August 5, 1957.

The report states that at approximately 2227 hours, several airmen observed a bright light object in the sky near that station. The object was reported to be at an elevation of approximately 20 to 30 degrees above the horizon, and remained in sight for about 15 minutes.

The object was reported to be round in shape, and emitting a bright light. It was observed to make rapid maneuvers, such as sudden stops, starts, and changes in direction. The object was reported to be visible to the naked eye, and was also observed through 7 x 50 binoculars.

The report further states that the Coast Guard was notified of the sighting, and that no aircraft were detected in the area at the time. No radio disturbances or other unusual phenomena were reported.

The report is signed by the Commanding Officer, and lists the names and other details of the airmen who observed the object.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

As intensive land and sea search for this unidentified obj.ct sontinues, Deep Air Force Base personnel report the following:

The plane, an F-97 interceptor, was airborne at 14,500 feet conducting a routine night training flight. The pilot reported by radio-telephone that he observed a silvery object at a very high altitude, approximately 35,000 feet. The object appeared to be moving at a high rate of speed and had a pronounced glow. The pilot broadcast a description of the object over the radio network and several other pilots in the area observed the same object. The object disappeared from view of the aircraft and parachuted to the ground.

The plane's pilot, 1/Lt Robert E. Holden, age 27, of Elmory, Alabama, is still missing.

The intensive search by Coast Guard ships and planes, the Navy, Air Force and Civil Air Patrol is being concentrated along the western shore of southern New Jersey. The search area is being narrowed down as signs of debris believed to have come from the missing aircraft was discovered late Thursday afternoon about midway between Cape May and Cape Henlopen. However, it is believed that this debris was not part of the plane.

The ground procedure for jet takeoffs at Cape May calls for a climb to 4,000 feet over Force Area before proceeding on course. Thus, the concentration of the search in the area north and slightly west of Cape May.

The search is being controlled by the 33 Coast Guard District from control points at Cape May and New York.

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

REPORT OF FINDINGS

Date: 7 August 1957

Subject: Unidentified Flying Object Reported at Cambria AFB, California, on 6 August 1957.

Report for: Finding Data: The pilot crew's initial sightings and subsequent events are given in detail and indicate that the twin-engine T-33 jet encountered an unidentified object which crashed into the Eastern coastline of Delaware Bay.

Shortly after takeoff, the pilot noted the unidentified object approaching him from the North. By Kolley, Captain of the aircraft, who is 27, also John Williams, also 27, of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, to the observers.

Capt. Williams proceeded to take over the controls of the aircraft, in order to make a close observation. After a brief landing which required his landing gear to be lowered for a short distance from which he performed multiple evasive and maneuvers. Today, he is resting comfortably at the Cdr, 81st Air Materiel, Doctors described his condition as satisfactory.

Coast Guard officials from the 3rd CG District, N.Y., have discovered the air search. The Coast Guard's proposal has 2-24 ft. and 1-60 ft. surface craft conducting search and marking operations concentrating in the Delaware Bay area near Cape May.

Yesterday, Civil Air Patrol planes from Delaware and New Jersey covered all the land areas bordering the Delaware Bay before commencing operations at sundown.

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book document, which appears to be a typed report.

OCR Output:
The Coast Guard called out to a strange, for the missing person, who got sick and was brought ashore by boat 17 August 1957 2:25 a.m.

During the search, the Blimp Base made a final report, which leaves no doubt that the pilot was drawn away by the blight of the Radar.

The following items have been found:
Halley's map, a Radio facility chart for flying, a few charts, and the pilots compass.

Navy skin divers are expected to be recalled and to dive into the area in a final effort to confirm the exact location of the place and its which.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

This is the text from the document:

This witness appears to be a reputable person, a Sergeant in the United States Air Force. He was stationed at Cambria Air Force Station, California.

He states that on the night of 6 August 1957, at approximately 2200 hours, he observed a metallic object in the sky. This object appeared to be approximately 30 to 40 feet in diameter and was located at an estimated altitude of 500 to 1000 feet.

The object was described as having a brilliant light in the center, with a reddish-orange glow around the outer edges. It appeared to be floating and oscillating as it moved. The witness stated that the object seemed to be heading in a southerly direction.

The witness further stated that the object remained in view for approximately 3 to 5 minutes before it accelerated and disappeared from sight.

The incident was reported to the Commanding Officer of the Cambria Air Force Station, and the witness was requested to contact the Office of Special Investigations shortly after the incident.

- page 32 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum document from the Department of the Air Force Headquarters United States Air Force, dated November 12, 1957.

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF FLIGHT SAFETY RESEARCH
SUBJECT: Request for Information on F-89 Aircraft Incident - 12 August 1957

1. Reference memorandum from this office, dated 10 October 1957, subject as above.
2. Request this office be furnished the information as requested.

(Signed)
CARL J. WINKLE
Colonel, USAF Force
Director of Flight Safety Division
Directorate of Inspection Services
The Inspector General

- page 33 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

775th ACEW Squadron, subj: UFOB REPORTS (CONT'D)

(2) Report from nearest A.S. or US Weather Bureau:
Wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at
Surface: VAR/10 20,000' VAR/15 
5,000' VAR/15 30,000' VAR/15
10,000' VAR/15 50,000' VAR/15

(3) Ceiling: None
(4) Visibility: Unlimited
(5) Amount of cloud cover: None
(6) Thunderstorms in area: None
Other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, etc.: None

(7) Intercaption or identification action taken (For AEDC or ADCC): None

(8) Location of any air traffic in the area at the time of sighting: None

(9) Position, title and comments of the preparing officer, including his analysis: Lt. R. T. HOMAN/ Captain - Senior Pilot Officer - Editor
There are no photographs. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: None

3. Report number two (2) is as listed below:
a. Description of the object:
(1) Shape: Round
(2) Size compared to a known object held in the hand: at about arms length
(3) Color: Red-Orange
(4) Number: Three
(5) Formation, if more than one: Stacked
(6) Any discernible features or details: Steady by flickering.

- page 34 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a scanned document related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

AVD-3-O
AVD-3-O (1,7 7 ) 37(7.81

TO: THE PROJECT OFFICER, PROJECT BLUE BOOK
AND AD-3O, A-2

From:
Cambria Air Force Station, California

Transmitted herewith photographic enlargement of UFO sighting at Cambria Air Force Station, California, on 6 August 1957. This report is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2.

1 Encl:
Photographic enlargement

- page 35 -

The shared image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, containing handwritten or typewritten text.

Here is the text output from the document:

Basis for Notification: 

The following information is submitted as the basis for notifying higher headquarters concerning the object sighted.

1. Date & Time of Sighting:
6 August 1957 - 2325 hrs

2. Location of Observation:
Cambria AF Station, California

3. Description of Object:
An oblong, bright, luminous object was sighted traveling in a north-easterly direction at a high rate of speed. The object had no distinguishable features. It left no trail and made no sound.

4. Manner of Observation:
The object was observed by two airmen stationed at the Cambria AF Station.

5. Evaluation:
The object was not identified as any known celestial, meteorological or aircraft phenomenon.

- page 36 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a Project Blue Book report. The document appears to contain handwritten text, but no discernible image or photograph.

SUBJECT: REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
1. THIS REPORT IS SUBMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AIR FORCE REGULATION 200-2.
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 6 AUG 57 - 2355Z
3. LOCATION: CAMBRIA AIR FORCE STATION, CALIFORNIA
4. SOURCE: CAMBRIA AIR FORCE STATION
5. OBSERVATION: WHITE LIGHT OBSERVED MOVING ACROSS SKY AT HIGH SPEED. OBSERVED FOR 10 SECONDS.
6. CONCLUSIONS: UNABLE TO DETERMINE IDENTITY OF OBJECT. REFERRED TO PROJECT BLUE BOOK.

- page 37 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report, with text on the page.

Text:
UNCLASSIFIED
PROJECT NO.  
TO:   DIRECTOR
       INTELLIGENCE AIR DIVISION ??? COMMAND
       HEADQUARTERS USAF
       WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

SUBJECT: MILITARY AIR TRANSPORT SERVICE

Forwarded for action as deemed desirable.

H.M.H.
5/6

- page 38 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

As requested, here is the text from the document:

1. CAMBRIACAFSTATION
1957 Aug 6 68057
Cambria, California

2. To: Chief of Staff
United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

2. It will be appreciated if further information can be obtained on the Cambria Case which has been reported to this Headquarters.

3. Source: Maj John B. Newman
Cambria Air Force Station
Cambria, California

- page 39 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a Project Blue Book report.

OCR Output:

1257TH AIR DEFENSE WING (H)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
DATE: 6 AUG 1957

1. REPORTED DATA: 
On 29 July 1957, a flying object was sighted over Cambria AFB, California, at approximately 2145 hours. The object was observed to be maneuvering at a high rate of speed approximately 1 mile south of the base.

2. ADDITIONAL DATA:
The object was reported to be metallic-appearing, disc-shaped, and emitting a bright light. It was followed for several minutes by an airman who was on duty at the base. The object was also picked up on radar, and attempts were made to scramble aircraft to intercept it. However, the object outran the interceptor aircraft.

3. CONCLUSIONS:  
1. OBJECT SIGHTING CONFIRMED
2. RADAR CONTACT ESTABLISHED
3. NO IDENTIFICATION (U)

- page 40 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

THIS CONTAINS REPORT OF A SIGHTING WHICH WAS MADE AT CAMBRIA AIR FORCE STATION, CALIFORNIA, ON 6 AUGUST 1957.

COMMANDING OFFICER, CAMBRIA AIR FORCE STATION, CALIFORNIA, REPORTED THE SIGHTING.

WITNESSES: AIRMAN FIRST CLASS WILLIAM J. WILLIAMS, PHOTO INTERPRETER, MILITARY CAREER AIRMAN, USAF.

DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING: AIRMAN WILLIAMS WAS ON DUTY IN THE PHOTO INTERPRETATION LAB WHEN HE OBSERVED A BRIGHT LIGHT IN THE SKY FROM A WINDOW. HE CALLED THE ATTENTION OF OTHERS TO IT.

AS FAR AS L. 12, WILLIAMS WAS CONCERNED, EVERYTHING HE SAW WAS REAL AND HE WAS SUDDENLY WAS CONVINCED TO HAVE BEEN OBSERVING A GENUINE AERIAL PHENOMENA.

FURTHERMORE, THE SPOKESMAN SAID, SERGT. WILLIAMS DID NOT SEE THE FLAME CRASH, NOR WERE ANY DEVICES OR DEBRIS FOUND.

THE MYSTERY WAS FURTHER DEEPENED BY THE DISAPPEARANCE OF THE SIGNAL AND ITS PILOT, AT LIEUTENANT ROBERT B. HOLLEY, ALSO SGT. USMC, WHO ATTEMPTED TO MAKE RADIO CONTACT TO BAIL OUT SAFELY AFTER TAKING OFF FROM DOVER.

SERGT. WILLIAMS WAS STARTLED WHEN HE SAW THE FLASH, OBSERVING A BRIGHT LIGHT AND IT SPARKLED APPARENTLY, AND WAS BUGGED TO DISAPPEAR TOTALLY UNEXPECTEDLY.

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a memorandum from the Department of the Air Force regarding a request for information on a UFO/aircraft accident that occurred on August 15, 1957.

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF FLIGHT SAFETY RESEARCH
SUBJECT: Request for Information on F-89 Aircraft Accident - 15 August 1957

1. Your attention is invited to the enclosed correspondence. Request this office be furnished releasable information from the NATIONAL COLLECTION ADMINISTRATION on AIRCRAFT Operations 1.

2 Incl:
1. Ltr fr. National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, 23 Aug 57
2. Ltr fr. 1607th
(B) Transport Wg
Dept for Svc
on Acft Incdt
& 2nd Ind

- page 42 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

SAFIS-3/mjs Tracker/jmd/55554/11 Dec 57

12 December 1957

Dear Major Keyhoe:

Your letter of 27 August 1957 addressed to the Senior Public Information Division, Headquarters USAF, was forwarded to this office for reply. Your request for information concerning the unidentified aircraft observed over New Jersey on 16 August 1957, has been referred to the USAF for comments.

Please enclosed are attachments to this letter. Materials in the files please answer your inquiries. Further, be assured that no information indicative of a direct sighting has been received.

On the evening of 16 August 1957, First Lieutenant Robert E. Williams, U. S. Air Force, observer, and Mr. Charles G. Williams, U. S. Air Force, handler, in the F-89 aircraft, observed in the vicinity of Cape May, New Jersey, a bright light which they reported as an unidentified flying object. Following this, further investigation was conducted. Detailed information concerning this incident and the conclusions reached, if any, are not available in this office.

In the future I would suggest you direct letters to this office for reply.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division

cc: Col Devilley, ATCIS, Rm 5D 161
1st Lt Keyhoe, USMC (Ret)
1539 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

Major Donald E. Keyhoe, USAF (Ret)
National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

Dear Major Keyhoe:

Your letter of 27 August 1957 addressed to the Senior Public Information Officer at Dover Air Force Base, Dover, Delaware, concerning information related to the crash of an F-94C "Starfire" aircraft near Cambria Air Force Station, California, on 9-10 August 1957, has been referred to this headquarters.

Letter information in the press releases, answers to your inquiries, further information is presently limited to this aircraft accident and has been extracted from certain records. 

On the morning of 16 August 1957, First Lieutenant Robert E. Kelley, U. S. Air Force, was piloting an F-94C "Starfire" aircraft from Moody Air Force Base, Alabama, after their departure and following the clime in connection with a routine training mission. 

When it became doubtful whether safe flight conditions could be maintained, the pilot declared an emergency and was forced to abandon the aircraft. This emergency flight condition arose soon after takeoff. The crash-observation and location of the crash portions of the aircraft wreckage was accomplished on 16 August 1957. No evidence of existence of any unusual phenomenon or unidentified object has been determined and the accident is considered the result of a routine operation.

Later, on 17 August 1957, portions of the aircraft wreckage were located in the vicinity of Cambria Air Force Station, California. No further details or information have been determined since this date.

I trust this letter provides the information you requested concerning this aircraft accident.

Sincerely,

FRANK K. EVEREST, JR.
Brigadier General, USAF
Director of Information Services

1 Incl
Press Release

- page 44 -

The image contains a document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be an old UFO report. There is no photograph present in this image.

Transcribed text from the document:

775th AC&W Squadron, Subj: UFOB Reports (Cont'd)

(1) Date, time or sighting or observation: -0--
(2) Weather conditions including size of same compared to size of object: None
(3) If known, describe any sound:
(4) Other pertinent or unusual features: None

b. Description of course of object:
(1) What first called the attention of observer to the object: Same as on previous report
(2) Angle of sighting and azimuth (direction) of object when first sighted: Same as on previous report
(3) Angle of elevation and azimuth (direction) of object when last observed: Same as on previous report
(4) Description of flight path and/or maneuver of object: Gradual fall to the south

c. Manner of disappearance of object: Faded out

e. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground-visual
(2) Subsequent to optical aid: (Binoculars were aid only.)

4. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group: 20/0525Z - 6/45 - 5/20

e. Location of observer: East latitude and longitude, or reference to a known landmark: 775th AC&W Squadron, Cambria AFB, Calif.

f. Identifying information of all case on verso:
(1) Alex C. Smith, A/20 - 775TH AC&W, Radar Operator
(2) Alan L. Bebout, A/2C - 775TH AC&W, Radar Operator

- page 45 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

Major Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC (Ret)  
National Investigations Committee  
on Aerial Phenomena  
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W.  
Washington 6, D. C.  

Dear Major Keyhoe:  

Your letter of 27 August 1957 addressed to the Senior Public Information Officer, Air Force, Denver, concerning information related to the crash of an F-89D aircraft near Cambria, California on 16 August 1957, had been referred to this office.  

Press releases, as you requested, are forwarded as attachments to this letter. Information relating to this aircraft accident has been included.  

On the night of 16 August 1957, First Lieutenant Raj H. Bhatt, U.S. Air Force, was piloting an F-89D aircraft of the 317th Fighter Interceptor Squadron, Oxnard Air Force Base, California, when the aircraft crashed at Cambria, California. The pilot apparently had difficulty in maintaining complete control of the aircraft prior to the crash. The pilot was killed in the crash.  

WGM

Incl  
1 Incl  
AFCIN-3/Col Winkle/dap/552.5  
1/C Matheson

- page 46 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, containing a memorandum regarding a request for information on an F-89 aircraft accident.

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF FLIGHT SAFETY RESEARCH
SUBJECT: Request for Information on F-89 Aircraft Accident - 12 August 1957

1. Reference memorandum from this office, dated 10 October 1957, subjected as above.

2. Request this office be furnished the information as requested.

1. To: CHARLES A. WINKLER, Colonel, U.S. Air Force
Director of Inspection Services
The Inspector General, USAF
Director of Inspection Services

- page 47 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum for the Director of Flight Safety Research regarding a request for information on a P-89 Aircraft Accident on 15 August 1957.

Text from the document:

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF FLIGHT SAFETY RESEARCH
SUBJECT: Request for Information on P-89 Aircraft Accident - 15 August 1957

1. Your attention is invited to the enclosed correspondence.
2. Your office may furnish necessary information necessary to prepare a suitable reply to the letter's enclosure 1, from the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena.

1. C. WINKLE, Colonel, U.S. Air Force
Deputy Director of Inspection Service
Directorate of Inspection Service

2. Air Transport Ur
(CF) CAFSO-SSIF
As of 4 Sept 57
on Acct Accid Inv,
20 Sept 57

AFTIS-P
1/C MATHESON/WM
1/C MATHESON/JPm

1OCCT1957
LOG-DB-87-2A
DOC OR 3212
DOCID-87584

- page 48 -

The image contains a photograph of a hot air balloon rising from what appears to be an iron mine pit. The caption below the photograph states "BALLOON RISES FROM IRON MINE PIT Doctor-Pilot Says Heavens Indescribable. - A.P."

Text from the document:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
DESCENT DELAYED
Sun's Rays Send Balloon Upward
CROSBY, Minn., Aug. 20 - (/P) - Warmth from the sun's rays today temporarily delayed a descent planned to start at 5:00 a.m., the Crosby Sentinel reported. The balloon had been scheduled to come down a bit earlier this morning, but the rays caused it to rise again. New calculations were being made today to resume the descent later, the newspaper said.
AF YORK, Pa., Aug. 20 - (UP) - A balloonist was brought down safely after a trip into space, it was reported today.
The unidentified man took off in a balloon from an iron mine pit near Allendale, Pa., this morning and was observed at heights variously estimated from 12,000 to 20,000 feet. After the balloon had reached its peak, it began to descend and the man was brought down safely in a field.
Dr. David G. Simons, who observed the launching, said the flight was "excellent except for the landing." He said the balloon rose rapidly, apparently reaching an altitude of more than 15 miles.
Col. John F. Stapp, a rocket sled pilot, said he witnessed an "excellent balloon flight" and was "astounded at the rapidity of the ascent and the height attained."
The man was immediately picked up by Dr. Simons after the landing, in a field near Allendale. No injuries were reported.
"Back into another world," the unidentified balloonist remarked as he emerged from the balloon.
The balloon is reported to have ascended vertically at a speed of about 1,000 feet per minute. It was observed at various heights by witnesses on the ground before the ascent was terminated and the descent was made.
Indications were the last stage of the flight occurred around 4 or 5 o'clock this morning.

- page 49 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only text in the form of a document with a table listing various UFO sightings from August 20-31, 1957.

20 - 31 AUGUST 1957 SIGHTINGS
DATE 	LOCATION  	OBSERVERS	EVALUATION
20 	Turner Robbins AFB, Georgia	Military 	Other (INCONSISTENT DATA)
20 	Beale AFB, Montana	Military	Other (MILITARY OPR)
21 	Niagara Falls AFB, New York	Military	Astro (VENUS & JUPITER)
21 	Atlantic Ocean	Military	Other (MILITARY OPR)
21 	Beverly, Massachusetts	Military	Insufficient Data
21 	Colorado Springs, Colorado	Military	Astro (VENUS & JUPITER)
22 	Rushby, Colorado	Military	Astro (VENUS & JUPITER)
22 	Santa Monica, California	Military	Astro (VENUS & JUPITER)
22 	Hollywood, Van Nuys, California	Military	Aircraft
23 	Bedford, Denton, Ohio	Military	Insufficient Data
24 	Kingsport, Tennessee	Military	Aircraft (USAF)
24 	Cecil Field NAS, Florida	Military	Astro (VENUS & JUPITER)
25 	Kingsport, Tennessee	Military	Insufficient Data
26 	Erie, Pennsylvania	Military	Astro (VENUS & JUPITER)
27 	Dayton, Ohio	Military	Mil (VIS & RADAR)
28-23	Cambria AFB, California	Mil (VIS & RADAR)
29 	Camden, New Jersey	PHOTO
29 	Ocean, New York	Military
30 	Farmington, Illinois	Military
27 	HMS Boston, APS, Massachusetts	Military	Mil Air, Vis & RADAR
27 	Dry Tortugas, Caribbean	Military
27 	Amagansett-on-Hudson, New York	Military
28 	Chillicothe, Ohio (Defiance)	Military
29-30 	Wichita, Kansas	Military
29-30 	Pope Roberts, California	Military	Aircraft (UNIDENTIFIABLE RP)
31 	Isla Springs, California	Military	Astro (OCCUPATION SATURN)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE 	LOCATION 	OBSERVERS 	EVALUATION
20 Aug Rio De Janeiro, Brazil 	Unverified 	Source: Science News Ltr
20 Aug Rio De Janeiro, Brazil 	Unverified 	Newsclipping: Resvaallping
24 Aug Victor, California 	Militia Sergeant 	Newsclipping: Resvaallping
30 Aug Victoria, Brazil 	Unverified 	Newsclipping: Resvaallping

- page 50 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

775TH ACORN SQUADRON, SUBJ: UFOB REPORTS (CONT'D)
(3) A/23 - 775TH AG/R.M., Radar Operator
(4) A/20 - 775TH AG/R.M., Radar Operator
(a) All of the above listed personnel are very reliable
b. Weather and winds aloft - conditions at the time and place of sighting:
(1) Observer's account of weather conditions. Very clear
(2) Report from nearest AWS or US weather bureau: Wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at:
6,000' 12S/10
10,000' 13S/10
16,000' VAR/10
20,000' VAR/10
30,000' 293/25
50,000' 188/32
(3) Ceiling... None
(4) Visibility... Unlimited
(5) Amount of cloud cover... None
(6) Thunderstorms in area... None
c. Other unusual natural or astronomical phenomena: Meteorological, astronomical, etc... Cant in area. Entirely different position
Interception or identification action taken... Pilots and some divertee from CAP... Fighters could not close on objects... Reason is one action was inconclusive... Fighters could not close of identification seemed to divert action.
d. Location of any air traffic in the area at the time of sighting.
Position, title and comments of the preparing officer... Observers not analized. The men were not in this area of objects.
i. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs... None

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

775TH ACWG SQUADRON, SUBJ: UFOS REPORTS (CONT'D)

4. Due to the heavy inflability of the proper forms, (AF Forms 112 and 112A), the reports as listed in par 1 and 2 above are forwarded to your headquarters in the manner.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

JOSEPH J. CLARK
1ST LT USAF
ASSISTANT

ADGDI-B 1ST IND 28 AUG 1957

HEADQUARTERS, AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, 1ST AIR FORCE, ENT AFB, COLORADO:

1. CONCURRED. NO FURTHER INVESTIGATION, INTELLIGENCE CENTER, ATIC, WRIGHT-PATT AFB, OHIO.

- page 52 -

The image contains a diagram showing the "Symbols for Stars of Brightness" as well as celestial time table information related to the 1957 International Geophysical Year. There is no photograph present in this image.

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR JULY 27, 1957

SYMBOLS FOR STARS OF BRIGHTNESS WORLD
EAST	WEST
The greater the apparent brightness of a star, the larger the corresponding symbol. The symbols give a general idea of the brightness of the various stars. 

CELESTIAL TIME TABLE FOR AUGUST 1957
New Moon	Aug. 11		10:08 p.m.
First Quarter	Aug. 19		7:04 a.m.
Full Moon	Aug. 26		4:21 p.m.
Last Quarter	Sept. 3		4:32 p.m.

- page 53 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or magazine titled "the Week" that discusses a "Mirror Landing System Designed to Save Lives". The text on the page provides details about this landing system used by the U.S. Navy.

OCR Output:
the Week
Science News Letter for July 27, 1957
Mirror Landing System
Designed to Save Lives
See Front Cover
THIS PHOTOGRAPH, all U.S. Navy pilots are provided the 'mirror ball' as it is the right photograph to the pilot maneuvering system for landing on aircraft carriers.
This mirror system is designed to avoid errors by the pilots in depth perception and incorporating develop methods under which the pilots when used to indicate whether they are too high or too low, thus allowing pilots to adjust their approach until their planes align with the safety wire.
The mirror is a special system, approximately 30 inches in diameter, is hung ahead of the safety wire near the stern of the ship. The pilot's eye is about eight feet from the mirror as he approaches the landing deck, but adjustments are made to compensate for different ships and aircraft operating characteristics.
By keeping the aircraft properly aligned with the mirror, the pilot will fly on the correct approach glide angle and make an accurate landing on the deck. The mirror provides the pilot a clear visual reference of the proper glide angle to the landing surface.
When a plane approaches the ship, the pilot levels off at the proper altitude and maintains this through the point of touchdown, with the mirror as his guide. If he sees the deck approaching rapidly, the pilot knows he is too high and applies power to correct his angle of approach. If the deck seems to move away from him, he has drifted low and should apply power and adjust his attitude to move back to the proper glide path.
This mirror landing system has proven of great value in saving lives.
WILLIAM HARVEY, The Life and Times, HB.

- page 54 -

