The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book archives.

20 AUGUST 1957
LOCATION: Helena, Montana
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
DURATION: 10 seconds
SIGHTING: Two bright objects, round and shaped like a disc, appeared for a short duration and abruptly disappeared from the same place.
CONCLUSIONS: The description indicates that the objects were draft traffic from Great Falls.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, than what speed would you estimate?  THEY _WERE_ VERY_ FAST M.P.H.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One)   Yes    No 
IF you answered YES, than how far away would you say it was?   ABOUT _400_ FEET.

43. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] HELENA, MONTANA 
TELEPHONE NUMBER BLANK
What is your present job?
Age MIDDLE _AGED_ Sex FEMALE
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
f. Other special training   I THOUGHT HER TESTIMONY AND MANNER WERE VERY SINCERE

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
22 AUGUST 1957

- page 2 -

The image contains a questionnaire or information sheet from the U.S. Air Force, titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET". There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please fill in the answers to the questions on this form. The information will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, without your permission. We request that the personal information as such, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for additional details.

1. When did you see the object? AUGUST 15, 1957
2. Time of day: HOUR 9:30 MINUTE 15 (Circle One): a. AM b. PM
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other ROCKET
4. Where were you when you saw the object? HELENA MONTANA City or Town State or Country
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. MINUTES 2 SECONDS 30
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5:
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Hazy daylight c. Full daylight d. Just a trace of daylight e. Twilight f. Dark
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Overhead e. Behind you f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text output from the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NOISELESS
b. Color: BRIGHT LIKE A HEADLIGHT OF A CAR

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

ROUND AND SHAPED LIKE A DISC

18. The edges of the object were:
a. (Circle One): DISTINCT OR BLURRED
b. Like a bright star
c. Clearly outlined
d. Hazy

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? FOUR
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

4 SOUTH AFTER THE FIRST 2 APPEARED AND BECAME VISIBLE

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other __________

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) (No) Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes) (No) Don't Know
c. Break up in parts or explode? (Yes) (No) Don't Know
d. Change brightness? (Yes) (No) Don't Know
e. Flicker, throb, pulsate? (Yes) (No) Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) (No)
b. Binoculars (Yes) (No)
c. Windshield (Yes) (No) 
d. Window glass (Yes) (No)
e. Theodolite (Yes) (No)
f. Other

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with questions and space for responses.

Text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

AFTER 1-2 FADED 3-4
APPEARED

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand end of about 6 in's length?
a. Head of a pin				e. Silver dollar
b. Pea					f. Basketball
c. Dime					g. Grapefruit
d. Nickel				h. Doorknob
i. Other   DINNER     PLATE
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22:)
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Uncertain  

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?  THEY   JUST   FADED

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a likeness of the object or objects which appeared up in the sky.

N/A

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book. 

Here is the text output from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane
e. In an observation post
f. Other ________

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
IN THE DARK AND TAKING PICTURES THE OBJECT APPEARED

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you traveling? (Circle One):
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 

31. If you are familiar with bearing forms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was above the horizon.
31.1 When it first appeared: From true North ______ degrees. From horizon _______ degrees. 
31.2 When it disappeared: From true North ______ degrees. From horizon _______ degrees.

- page 7 -

The image contains a few sketches, but no photograph. The first sketch shows a curved line labeled "A" and a straight line labeled "B" to demonstrate how high the object was above the horizon. The second sketch shows a wider landscape view with a small figure in the center, and a smaller circular inset sketch in the corner. The text instructs the reader to place an "A" at the position where the object was first seen, and a "B" at the position where the object was later seen, to compare the larger sketch.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position where the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to another sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Partly cloudy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
34.2 WIND (Circle One) 
a. Calm
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind 
d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow 
e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
AUGUST

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? 
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other one(s)?
SAW ONE NEAR HERE, THEN ONCE AT SPOKANE, WASHINGTON

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
N/A

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to collect information about UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and processed, it is necessary for you to fill in the following pages to the best of your ability. This will insure that we are aware of the event that you observed. You may use as much space as necessary, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe to be important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size may be attached.

SIGNATURE [redacted]
DATE 2 AUGUST 1957

- page 10 -

