The image does not contain any photographs or images. It is a Project 10073 record card that appears to be from a UFO report.

Project 10073 Record Card
1. DATE: 18-4-57
2. LOCATION: Vins sur Caramy, France
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 1900
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not reported
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Report of saucer landing in southern France.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: landing
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Report of saucer landing in southern France.
11. COMMENTS: Witness estimate report

- page 1 -

There is no photograph contained in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, providing details about an UFO sighting investigation.

Case #3 - Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre May 10, 1957. 
Investigators: Marc Thirouin the general director of G.I.E. Curanos and Y. de Saint-Aubin the secretary general of G.I.E. Curanos and Jules reporter and investigator of C.I.E. Curanos for the department that is located in Somme.
Eye Witnesses: Mr. XXX, a highway maintenance laborer of S.N.C.F. and Mr. XXX, a S.N.C.F. road-mender and Mrs. XXX an equipment man for S.N.C.F. and the municipal counsellor of XXX. 
Other Witnesses: Mr. XXX retired and Mrs. XXX and Mr. XXX a farmer all of Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre. Some others.
The narration and testimony of the witnesses.
On May 19, 1957 my wife and I were in the company of some neighbours (Mr.&Mrs. XXX) who had come to pay us a visit. We were in the kitchen, my wife left and went to the bedroom where our son lay ill. At approximately 10:45 P.M. we heard someone tap on the kitchen windows and so we opened the window and there we saw Mr. XXX, a Hungarian refugee who has been here since 1942, all panting and puffing, he kept repeating "They attacked me","They attacked me!" At the time of all this commotion we asked him to please come in and we dimmed the lights. In very whispered words he told us what had happened and why he was so frightened and we listened attentively then we looked out the window......
Mr. XXX - On May 10, 1957 at approximately 10:45 P.M. as I was riding home

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text describes an incident where the observer witnessed several silhouettes of human figures along the highway, as well as a bright light that appeared to be a powerful floodlight projector. The text also mentions three figures that appeared to be three men standing on the highway in an immobile manner, dressed in a greyish-beige outfit. No humans are identified by name in the text.

on the route that comes from Beaumont on the way to Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre coming from church. Upon arriving at the level of the electric transformer at the turn in the highway, I had at this time of the night and at this place a generally described, therefore I was very surprised to observe a very powerful flare located on the highway.
After observing the flare I observed four silhouettes of human aspect that seemed to be blocking my way. Very strongly amazed at this arrangement/immediately struck me as being an ambush so that I jumped from my bike and ran to take cover behind the transmitter device and through a foot path and after a rather long detour I stumbled upon the house of Mr.X sister: I tapped on the window of their kitchen and they let me in and then I explained to them what had happened and what I had done.
Then all of us observed the latter from the window. Mr.& Mrs. X then Mr.X who had also passed along this route.
Through the window of our kitchen we observed all five of these humans on the open route to Miramont at less than 50 meters was a brilliant light whose color would blink on white then turn to dull red. Then so that we could see better we went to the door. The light remained more on the red than ont the white.
When it was white it appeared to be the fire of a very powerful floodlight projector and it was blinding.
This light gave a reflection to the back of it and very near this we observed three figures that appeared to be that of three men who could not measure more than 1.50 meters standing on the highway in an immobile manner. their arms hanging along side their bodies and half-hidden by the slope of the hill. They seemed to be dressed in a greyish-beige outfit and their heads seemed to be very somber coloured although we did not get a good close look at them.
An automobile passed along the open highway and the headlights of the auto let us have,for a brief instant,another look at the three,still immobile,figures.
After the automobile passed the white light reappeared but less blinding and higher

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, describing an incident that occurred in the sky above a highway.

OCR text output:

above the level of the highway. We saw it shine in the sky at approximately a 45° angle towards the North-East approximately towards and without making a single sound. This all took place at approximately 11:15. The light started to fade. But approximately 15 minutes later it once again appeared high in the sky above the church (to the North-East). It seemed that as it flew away its brightness diminished. Soon we lost sight of it.

Towards the end of the observation, I went to the station behind the house to warn my colleague who was still on duty (Mr. X). He promptly joined us and observed the light taking flight.

We called the police in Albert and approximately a half-hour later they arrived. 
We accompanied them on the highway right to the place where we had seen the light and the beings.

There we all surprised upon encountering the presence on the highway of approximately 12 different sets of forms. These were all of different dimensions and widths and black as the casting of costly tar. This was divided along the periphery of a circular area of approximately 3 to 4 meters in diameter. The principal series set measured approximately 40 centimeters in diameter and had a width of 1 centimeter. This soft substance was slightly sinking to the ground and we were able to remove it by rolling it up into small pieces. It had no trace of circulation except that of the tire mark of an auto, that was most probably the auto that we had seen pass during the time we were observing the other phenomenon and I now refer to that auto that appeared approximately 10 minutes after the light disappeared.

The next few days, these traces were flattened, they also streaked and adhered to the ground and it was then impossible to remove any more of this substance.
This substance was not tar because it had a slight steel colour.

The five other witnesses, Mrs. X, Mr. X(Jr.), Mr. X, and Mr. X were all questioned individually and they all confirmed this report.

Examination of the sets of substance on the highway

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, describing the examination of some pieces of matter found on the highway at a site indicated by witnesses. The text discusses the physical characteristics of the pieces, including their similarity to tar and asphalt, and the analysis being conducted on them. There are no human faces or identifications in the image.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

At the site that had been indicated by the witnesses we examined the previously described pieces of matter. They appeared to be similar to stretched pieces of tar on the highway but they did not contain any gravel in contrast to that tar on the highway and they did not stem from the highway and were definitely not part of a piece that had been worked on as the highway in this section was in good condition. 

We tried to use a knife and remove some of this but it adhered to the highway and to the knife and to our fingers and was very difficult to remove. It did not smell like tar and rather gave an odor that was even worse than tar. However the latter did not seem to smell like cow dung as was previously stated.

We lifted some of the particles of the highway that also seemed to smell like the characteristic tar odour.

At some distance of the latter,in front of a monument for dead,we removed some of the highway that had been patched and it seemed to be similar to the mysterious substance that we had encountered although it did not smell like the latter. 

We subjected these three pieces to the flame of a bunsen burner and the repair piece of the highway gave off the well known odor of hot tar and the two other pieces although they were equally subjected to the flame gave off no recognizable odor with the exception of one that slightly resembled glue or wax.

These pieces are presently still being analysed but the experts to whom we submitted these pieces for examination have informed us that the mysterious substance is not tar but asphalt and the crackling that was produced during the subjection to the flame was probably due to some form of hydration,be it accidental or not.

Anyway any way that one looks at it if we are dealing with a known substance then the presence of the latter on the highway is therefore explained and also explains the cracked pieces that were encountered over an area of 3 to 4 metres in diameter. In this small province of 195 people,the passing of an asphalt truck would not go unnoticed and at 10:45 at night it would be an unlikelihood. Even a leak in a nozzle would not have left such traces. We examined the proximate bridges and highways for some other clues.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Cows and storm lamps.
We know,through the press the almost official version that has been accredited
to the statements of the Mayor of Beaucourt,Mr. Chatelain. According to this version Mr. Chatelain left his house about 11:30 P.M. carrying a storm lamp to try
and check on his cows (one of them having died) going to the pasture that is next
to his farm and extends up to the intersection of the Beaumont highway route.
This could possibly be the lamp that the witnesses saw as having been the projector of red and white glaring lights,then the same light that they saw in the sky
and the same that the 4 or 5 men that they saw eventually would have been Mr. Chatelain's cows.
Or,we do not want to make remarks on the ridiculous of this situation and its
interpretation.Only a glance at the photographs that we publish here and the
diagrams and the explanations and testimonies of each of the witnesses leads one to
believe that the "cows and storm lamp" version is only one of state of mind.
Let us suppose that an experienced railroad man should confuse ,comparable to the
eye witnesses,that look into the sighting position and signal lamps should confuse
the glare of a projector (floodlight) that blinks on red and white with that of a
small storm lamp? This could not happen and we will not believe it !
Let us add that of the reconstitution that proceeded the night of the famous
storm lamp,in the pasture of Mr. _____, has amply demonstrated the fact that
no confusion was possible inasmuch as that that is related to the intense light and
the color that the trajectory and the speed of take-off that are retrospective of
light has no comparison.
What exactly did Mr. _____?
We asked Mr. _____ for his version of the facts. But to be truthful the
Mayor of Beaucourt does not seem to ever have had any real version of facts !
Without a doubt,and in front of the police,it is true that he pretended to say
that his wife was the onet that had left the house about 10:45 P.M. and 11:20 P.M.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

But this is all at least one hour later than the event that is presently under investigation and then he said that his wife went to bed at 11:30 (this does seem possible because most farmers do go to bed early !). And then the next day in front of the Municipal council he pretended that he was the one that went out towards the above mentioned hours and he had his tractor with him (this seems a little less believable !)

When at last we asked him for his unbiased opinion he seemed a little embarrassed and he then revoked all that he had said in the police station and which is almost impossible to adhere. We know that is deals with a certain principal ,.... after all the Mayor's signature is at stake ! But the meeting did not seem to bother him and he did mention the fact that the witnesses that were involved were "honest people" and at no time did he try and create a feeling of distrust towards them and at no time did he become worried over their condition. 

We therefore absolve Mr. with the conviction that he was the first to deplore his statements and that they were perhaps a bit premature nor that he tried to make a fuss over the official version of facts that were jointly inscribed in the case by six of the most respected and most dignified inhabitants of the community, amongst which one of these was the Municipal Council.

Three days after these events Mr. moreover stated that one of his administrators,Mr. Laine, had made some very different statements and had also remarked that "In any case there must be something to all of this ..."

The witnesses are very trustworthy people.

We pursued pur investigation all over the country side and we realized that not one individual doubted the sincerity and the statements that had been made by the witnesses. On a whole all of the Beaucourtiens are open and sincere,logical and calm and obejective people. And they never pretended to know more than they really knew.

The Chief of the police station of Beaucourt-Hamel that had not been alerted or warned of the event on that famous evening yet when we posed the problem of the matter to him he voluntarily responded "They have surely seen something !".

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Output from the OCR:

All of the witnesses are employed by the railroad and they have made us aware of the following observation "Why tell stories?" These inventions if they were only that would make us look bad in the eyes of our bosses. And also possibly jeopardize our individual job positions. 

An orange light in the fields.

Now we will continue on in a more pleasant mood and by this we refer to the fact that the next night some of the young people of the village were shooting firecrackers in the fields of Mr. Chatelain and we found amongst the fields some of these halfburned firecrackers by the fields but this was not another cause of confusion as the cause was understandable.

More interesting is the observation that was conducted the night of May 12 and May 11 by Mr.& Mrs._____ that live on the side of the Miraumont highway a little above the other witnesses. They had not spoken to the press and other officials. 

Their statement is as follows:
"On May 10,we did not see anything as we were asleep____ states.But the following evening I was awakened at approximately 3 in the morning (and at our age sleep is one of our weaknesses) at I passed by the window that passes through the room and is located in a South-West direction. I was attracted by a rather brilliant orange light that I perceived through the window. It was the same in diameter as the moon and the range of the glare reached the___ home that is to the left of the Cafeteria at approximately 80 meters. I woke my wife up and told her to come and observe this strange light. She did and then after a few seconds the light disappeared and did not relight so that we went back to bed.

Mrs._____ confirmed the testimony of her husband. At this timeo of the night it is rather strange that one should believe that it could have been a stray firecracker and no one else would have observed it! At the_____ farm we found out that no one had seen anything strange and that all told they had all slept straight through the entire night. This surpassed the time that the Laines had been aroused by the strange light.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Conclusions.
These are the first indications of an investigation that took place during a period of 18 hours on Saturday and Sunday the 18 and 19 of May. This was only 8 days after the occurrences. Some things must still be cleared up as we have already indicated and therefore all that really remains is that we commence on the magnetic investigations that were conducted on the metallic pieces that were located near the observation points. This is given later as a simple indication because a systematic study was begun after the set of phenomenons that were reported, referring to those that took place in Vins, Palalda and Beaucourt. We will draw attention to the reader of the note and the magnetic measurements that follow.
The only place that is lacking now is that we have confirmed that would eventually deal with the vibrations that were confirmed both in Vins and Palalda. These can be supported as new and important elements for the solution of lift and support elements of the propulsion of Non-Identified Flying Objects. We continue our study of this subject.
Note.
If by some chance this article should fall into the hands of that person or persons whose automobile passed on Miramont highway the 19 of May at approximately 11:00 P.M., and if they possibly did observe the "small men" on the path of the hill, we would be very appreciative if they would place themselves in contact with us even if they should want to remain anonymous.

- page 9 -

The image contains a document with the title "TRANSLATION" and the subtitle "THREE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS LAND IN FRANCE By and". There is no photograph or image visible in this document page.

FTD-TT-64-572
TRANSLATION
THREE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS LAND IN FRANCE
By and
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO
For
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
ONLY

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that provides an "UNEDITED ROUGH DRAFT TRANSLATION" of a report about three unidentified flying objects that landed in France.

OCR text output:

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2

UNEDITED ROUGH DRAFT TRANSLATION

THREE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS LAND IN FRANCE

BY: [Redacted], and [Redacted]

English Pages: 20

SOURCE: Duranos Revue Internationale Des Soucounes Volontes (French), Nr. 21, 1957, pp 49-53

THIS TRANSLATION IS A RENDITION OF THE ORIGINAL FOREIGN TEXT WITHOUT ANY ANALYTICAL OR EDITORIAL COMMENT. IT IS PUBLISHED AS A TECHNICAL SERVICE TO THE RECIPIENT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT THE OPINION OF THE TRANSLATION DIVISION FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION OR THE DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE.

PREPARED BY:
TRANSLATION DIVISION
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
WP-AFB, OHIO

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2                                           Date: 22 Dec. 19 64

- page 11 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to UFO investigations. It does not contain any photographs, only text.

Transcribing the text from the document:

COMMISSION INTERNATIONALE D'ENQUETE « OURANOS »
POUR L'ETUDE DES « SOUCOUPES VOLANTES » ET PROBLEMES CONNEXES
DIRECTION GENERALE :
27, rue Etienne-Dolet, BONDY (Seine)
Directeur : Marc Thirouin
Chef du service d'enquête : Jimmy Guieu
Correspondants dans le monde entier
REVUE INTERNATIONALE
27, rue Etienne-Dolet, BONDY (Seine)
Abonnement : étranger 1300 fr. francs
C. C. P. PARIS 10.522.47
Bondy, le 15 Avril 195

The text appears to be a letterhead and header for a commission investigating unidentified flying objects, with contact information and details about their international review publication.

- page 12 -

The image contains no photograph. It appears to be a typed document with text describing "Three Unidentified Flying Objects Land in France" by C.I.E. and the Bureau of C.V.N.I. (U.F.O.).

The text describes how three unidentified flying objects were observed from the ground at Vins-Sur-Caramy (Var), Palaida (Pyr-Or) and Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre (Somme) in France, with eleven eye witnesses verifying the events. It states that the physical phenomena was carried by C.I.E. and the Bureau of C.V.N.I. (U.F.O.). 

The text further discusses the announcement of the continuation of the proposal that was announced in March 1957, and how the events were investigated and confirmed by the Committee of Investigation of C.I.E. Curanoe in the last two meetings.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Examinations and analysis are now being pursued. Therefore, without confirming anything, we publish and present, in their chronological order, the first reports that are related to the three events.

Case 21 - Vins-sur-Caramy (Var), April 14, 1957.
Detectives: Jimmy Guieu, Chief of the Investigational Bureau of C.I.E.
Assistant: M. Pierre Ayraud, Engineer of Studio of Radio Monte-Carlo.
Eye Witnesses: Miss ______, Miss ______, Mr. ______, all three live in Vins-sur-Caramy.

On Sunday, April 14, 1957, at 3:00 pm, Misses ______ and ______ were walking along route D-24 at approximately 1 kilometer to the east of Vins-sur-Caramy. Suddenly, at approximately 100 meters from where they were standing, a curious metallic apparatus landed. The apparatus was disk-shaped, metallic colored and cone-shaped, and the nose of the apparatus was vertically pointed downwards. The apparatus was similar to a large spinning top with a convex peak. The maximum height of this apparatus is believed to be approximately 1.50 meters, and the maximum diameter was approximately 1 meter. There were metallic like tights that were parallel to the walls of the cone-shaped apparatus that were rapidly vibrating.

At the time of the machine which was maneuvering to land, the witnesses heard a deafening noise. This noise was made by a signal panel that was rotating (as on the diagram that follows) that was situated at approximately 5 meters from the landing point and oscillated and vibrated in a brutal manner. Misses Guerin and Bari, frightened, let out a cry of surprise and terror and the same time of the noise.

Alerted by these shouts and screams, Mr. ______ who had been caring for an apiary in the hillside, came running as there was thought that there had been an automobile accident. It was then that he saw the apparatus take off.

- page 14 -

The image contains a diagram or sketch, but no photograph. The text describes the details of the diagram, including the first landing, second landing, panels, magnetic deviation, irrigation gates, and the schematic diagram of the engine with its outer turfs (activated by vibrations) according to the description of the witnesses.

A: First landing
B: Second landing
Panels Nr. 1 and 2: Magnetic deviation
Panel Nr. 3: Course of deviation 
Irrigation gate: Magnetic deviation
Inlet: Schematic diagram of the engine with its outer turfs (activated by vibrations) according to description of witnesses.

- page 15 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text transcribed from the document:

"off and once more appear in the strange vibrations. Then the apparatus made a skip over the route and making a turn towards the east, (approximately at 5 or 10 meters of altitude) it once more landed on a slight little patch at approximately 200 meters from its first landing point.

After its turn, the apparatus once more began utilization of the dignified signalling device (# on the diagram) which was subjected to brutal oscillations and violent vibrations that produced an "resonance" that was extremely remarkable. During the evolutions of the object, all of the witnesses saw the panels vibrate in a violent manner as if it had been subjected to repeated violent shocks at a very rapid rate.

Afterwards, the apparatus took off, pitching from side to side and all the time very undently towards a northwest direction, and at a very moderate speed. There was no moment when the apparatus itself did vibrate. The complete observation lasted approximately 1 minute.

Miss _____ warned her husband, who later accompanied by the policemen from Brignoles went to investigate the area. And, at the place of the supposed landing, the police do say that they did encounter a spot of land that was marked (on the path of the route that was supposedly followed) and the police did state that this piece of land did seem to have been swept under the effect of powerful blowers. On the path that was swept of land (second landing), the traces were still very clear. The ground was "flushed" on a diameter of approximately 1.50 meters.

On April 17, 1957, in the company of Mr. Pierre Ayraud of Radio Monte-Carlo, I went to the police station in Brignoles (Var) where she presented to me her identification card as a detective of C.I.E. Durango the officer on duty obliging gave me an account of the investigational report that had been conducted. He informed me that the witnesses were not only very respected and faithful, but they had never been caught in the act of any deceit or fraud."

- page 16 -

The image appears to contain two photographs. The top photograph shows a group of individuals examining what appears to be a landing site or object. The bottom photograph shows a person, referred to as "Jimmy", registering the magnetic deviation of one of the guide poles that was near the spot where the "object" landed.

Text transcribed from the document:

Vins-Sur-Caramy - Top-Some tourists examining the landing spots. Bottom- Jimmy with the compass examining the right side of one of the guide poles that was near the spot where the "object" landed.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text appears to be a typed report or document from Project Blue Book, describing an investigation into a UFO sighting in Vins, France in 1957.

Transcription of the text:

Not being able to accompany me to Vins, the officer gave me a letter of introduction for a Mr. Ventre that is the head officer in Vins. Arriving at approximately 3:00 in the village (at 9 kilometers to the north east of Brignoles) were we not able to get in touch with Mr. Ventre. I then went out in search of the witnesses and began to ask questions of the villagers. All of my questions were in vain as they had no new of anything! They did not know (or did not want to say) where the latter could be found. After a few minutes in the village, the news of our arrival made itself known, and the others only regarded us with suspicion. In other words already irritated by the press, radio, and television, and after 40 hours, the witnesses had gone in hiding in a near hill. Mr. ______ was working that day in a bauxite mine and, therefore, did not have any reason to also "go into hiding."

During our "search" of the witnesses, a front wheel drive Citroen automobile stopped in the village square. The warrant officer (or comparable rank) of the Brignoles Police Station, followed by another corporal and another policemen stepped down from the automobile and made their way towards me... to come and supervise my investigation.

At the very first, the Corporal premptorily declared that the apparatus in question "teleguide" most likely came from the Isle of Levant. I contested this affirmation explaining to him that no country or nation had an aircraft that could move in absolute silence! I also explained to the Corporal that if the signal poles could vibrate with such an amount of noise near the apparatus, this probably indicated that they had been taken into the general magnetic field of the propellers. General scepticism, I then offered to go and investigate the place that this occurred to see if there were any magnetic traces remaining.

Sceptical but intrigued my interlocutors agreed.

Our "4CV" followed their front wheel drive Citroen, and we arrived at 4

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

the place where the apparatus had landed the first time on Route D24. There in the presence of the police officers who, as I have said, were attentively watching and observing my experiment, I approximated my compass against the body frame of the "40CV" and was made aware of the amplitude of the deviation of the needle, approximately 3 degrees. And then I placed my compass to the right of the spot where the apparatus was supposed to have landed. The result was negative in relation to any trace of magnetic activity.
But, as 5 meters from this point, the signal poles had been (on the diagram) it made the needle of my compass skip approximately 5 centiulmeters, thus making a deviation of 15 degrees! Let us remember that the mass of the Renault had only made the needle skip 3 to 4 given degrees. I invited the corporal to conduct these same experiments, and the result was identical to those that I had conducted.
One instant later we then went up to the route that was followed by the apparatus in flight and to the right (approximately 100 meters) to the other signal pole where the apparatus had also passed. This pole (indicating to the Brigadier) is also magnetized and proved it by showing me the skip in the needle of the compass another time to 15 degrees. Thus, on the third pole that was situated in a direction towards the village of Vins-sur-Caramy at approximately 6 to 8 meters, the needle did not move at all on the compass.
This test was negative clearing showing that the other two poles were greatly magnetized, and this really amazed the policemen. The latter also reenacted the investigations that I had previously conducted on the apparatus poles and reached the very same results and, therefore, came to the same exact conclusions.
Then we moved to the small path where the aircraft had supposedly landed the seconds; there was no remaining magnetism on the ground. Thus, the irrigation vans (6.40 meters to one side) that was opened (in a dry state)

- page 19 -

I don't see any photographs in the provided image. The image appears to be a typed document page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

revealed a remnant magnetism that made the needle of the compass move approximately 15 degrees, like poles #1 and #2.
The apparatus was then supposedly only 1.50 meters from the irrigation vane at the maximum. These tests were then repeated by the corporal, the warrant officer, and the policemen were also very important, and especially in the changes of the magnetism on the pole that was precisely the one that had not been submitted to the vibrations that the other poles had. Only a profound and appropriate study and investigation of these results could let one confirm that it was in fact related to a magnetic phenomenon that was natural or consecutive of the ground environment.
We returned to the village, thanks to the presence of the policemen. I was able to return and encounter Mr. ______. The latter assured of the fact that I was an investigator (he did not want to have to go through another interview for any newspaper), he was willing to go and fetch his wife and Mrs. ________ that were in hiding in the near hill. This is why I was finally able to talk with the witnesses. Our interview was recorded on a tape recorder by Engineer Mr. Pierre Azema and released on the same day on (April 17, at 7:00 p.m.) the Radio Monte-Carlo Chain Stations.
Note:
In contrast to what the press has announced, the D. S. T. is not investigating this event. On the morning of April 17 (before my departure) the D. S. T. indicated that only the Air Police would become involved. I, therefore, got in contact with the Air Police whose Inspector confirmed that in relation to the Draguignan and the fact that they were on the way to the spot the apparatus had been seen. This took place exactly 4 days after the event.
I tend to have to place emphasis on the diligence and the objectiveness of the policemen of Brignoles. The latter sent out, without a delay, detailed reports to the Air Police, the Minister of the Interior, the Commander of the

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing an incident related to a UFO sighting.

IV Air Command and several other official organizations. A second report that was made up from my own personal investigation and mentioned the personal remarks and tests (magnetic measurements) has been, I believe, sent by the Brignoles police force to the Air Police of Marseille where it should have arrived on April 19.

Jimmy Guieu

Case No - Palada (Var. Orient.) April 22, 1957
Investigators: Jimmy Guieu - Chief of Investigational Bureau of C. I. E. 
Curagon.
Dr. Marcel Pages - another investigator of C. I. E. Curagon for the Central-Pyrenees Region and the medical representstives and engineers. 
Jacques Verpillot - an investigator from Marseille that is also with the C. I. E. Curason.
Date: Mr. Paul Jubert, a retired judge wrote the C. I. E. Curagon in Palada.
Eye Witnesses: Mr. and Mrs. -----, who live in Palada in the village of Ameilion-Gaine. (F. O.).

On Monday, April 22, 1957, at 1:00 p.m., Mrs. ---- could be found in a little wooden cabin on the far side of their wine vineyards after lunch. Mrs. ---- was washing the dishes when all of a sudden she heard a terrible racket and noise all around the little cabin. She ran outside and when she glanced up, she observed an enormous whirlwind of blue and red flames that at approximately 10-15 meters of altitude began to descend on the vineyards. Frightened, Mrs. ---- asked her husband to come and join her and see what she was frightened about. The "thing" had the aspect of a cone of flames that were whirling around the "thing" itself at a slightly turning speed, but the "thing" did not displace even slightly from its bearing.
The flying object stopped for approximately 1 minute at 5 meters from the western part of the field. It maintained itself at an altitude of approximately 5 meters.

- page 21 -

The image appears to contain a diagram or schematic rather than a photograph. The diagram shows some lines, circles, and labels, but does not depict any human faces or individuals.

Collimee 7/1/15
Certifie 3/14/65

Plate - A - First immobilization
Plate - B - Second immobilization 

Under A - Around the circle only the metallic poles had any magnetic resistance. Then one month later, the third pole was added and the magnetism left.

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2
74

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

AF CFN-11-W/Capt C.T. Gregory
WVE69216

SUBJECT: Investigation of UFO Reports
TO: The Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence
Headquarters USAF
WASHIN D.C.

TO: U.S. Air Attache
American Embassy
PARIS, FRANCE

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, request action be initiated to determine the general public information vs. classified status of the sighting of 9 kilometers west of Vins-sur-Caramy. Your assistance is invited and appreciated.

2. Action taken should be of informal nature, and should not result in any undue disclosures or interference with your normal operations.

3. While no credence is given this report, previous experience with incidents of this nature indicates the need for intelligent and dispassionate handling of any official or public inquiries are made regarding this incident.

1. Incl
Dr. J. Quinet

- page 23 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be text from a Project Blue Book document describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The text details the witnesses' observations of the object, including its movement, appearance, and effects on the surrounding environment. The text does not identify any humans in the report.

5 meters from the ground. In the course of the first stop, the vine stocks were strongly agitated, and so was the ground as they underwent a sort of aspiration that was directed in an upward direction (therefore, towards the apparatus) as the apparatus was meanwhil. whirling- The object whose gyration on the spot was accompanied with a deafening sound, recovered the flight above the field, and then descended towards the mouth at approximately 400 meters from the first stop at 5 to 10 meters from a clump of trees (cherry trees) in a gap in the ground near a bridge.  
The witnesses claim created a violent brushence (?) that brutally and roughly made the leaves and the branches of the trees shake. The latter, according to the witnesses, were bent in several manners. Their branches and leaves seem to be on the point of being yanked out. The cone of red and blue flames once more started on its slow course and trajectory and then climbed the direct side of a hill (at approximately 30 meters from the ground), then having reached the top of it rapidly descended into the site of a very rapid rate of speed and disappeared. The latter disappeared in a North-Easterly direction.
At no time did the witnesses see the so-called "apparatus" itself; all they claim to have seen was the turbulent mass of whirling flames that were red and blue and were in the form of a cone and the point of which was directed towards the ground, and the peak of the latter was approximately 5 meters long.
The witnesses could not be exact in relation to the form of the apparatus as the latter was completely covered with flames that were oscillating in all directions and whirling, but they did think that the ensemble on the whole seemed to have a cone-shaped aspect.
At the place where the C. Y. R. I. (U. F. O.) stopped at the first time in the vineyards, the ground violently jarred and was shaken. Even though the apparatus was only 5 meters from the ground, we found no trace of burned spots on the ground or any hardening of the ground. Therefore, one is not really

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed page from an old UFO report document. Here is the text transcribed from the document:

dealing with "flames" but with some phenomenon of ionization.
At approximately 5 meters from the immobilization point, we found a metallic 
fence in very bad condition, of latticed irregular links and metallic wire 
lattice posts.  The other part of the fence (approximately 1 meter high) that was 
point (approximately 1 meter high) that was situated at approximately 5 meters 
from the immobilization point presented a magnetism.  This magnetism made the 
needle of the compass undergo a 30 degree deviation.  The 30 degree deviation 
in proportion to the proximity of the compass.
Thus, the other wire posts (that were situated at approximately 5 meters from
the magnetized T-shaped wire fence posts) did not present any magnetism.  Thus,
the latter did not barely make the needle vary at all.  This remained constant
even when the compass was placed within 4 centimeters of the latter.  This
negative tests results tend to prove, on the one hand that the mass of these
bars (all of the same nature) is not sufficient to provoke a sensitive devia-
tion of the needle with the only exception being that it was already registered
and is in an absolutely no way an inherent quality of this metal.
There was no trace of magnetism on the ground near / the immobilization points
and the around the object was supposedly present.
These tests and these reports have been executed in the presence of Mr. Jacques
Verrillet and Paul Jaulbert that are related to the C. I. E. by Cureneg in Mallije.
We were rejoined in Amelia-les-Bains by Dr. Marcel Pages, who is the
investigator of the C. I. E. in the Pyrenees-Orientales province. Mr. M. J.
Vorpillot and myself went to the police station of Amelia-les Veins, where we
were received by the warrant officer Mahoux and the policemen Poudade and
Palade and on the testimonies that were supplied by the eye witnesses and Also
placed on tape.
These observers were surprised at the lack of respect that the witnesses

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text discussing conclusions about UFO sightings and the need for further investigation and measurements.

the noise that was reported by the witnesses even though it was also subjected to the same type of vibrations.

We are informed, dealing with two types of apparatus that are similar in form and size, and in there managiability but different in "mechanical" manifestation as although they apparently are similar, they are both silenced by means of some sort of a special device that utilized the magnetic field.

Conclusions:
No nation on the earth has aircraft that are silent in maneuvers and silenced by a power system and, therefore, it is likely incontrovertible that these apparatus come from another world. On the other hand, the new types of apparatus that have begun to be manifested in a singular manner let one suppose that other apparatus of this type will soon appear. It will, therefore, be indispensable that the witnesses that should observe these "phenomenons" not hesitate in informing and placing themselves in touch with police stations or our Investigational Bureau, or the press.

Jimmy Guieu

Note:
A new magnetic examination was conducted by D. Pages one month after the investigation, and the examination by Jimmy Guieu. This indeed exposed the fact that metallic posts had an inverse rate/ magnetism. The almost exact same as in Vins one can ask whether or not the proximity of the apparatus can possibly cause the apparatus that are near to be temporarily neutralized in relation to their normal state and yet cause others to be modified or increased? Periodical measurements will be conducted on these pieces of fence in order to establish their eventual magnetism.

- page 26 -

Unfortunately, there does not appear to be a photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book report. The image shows text detailing an investigative report about a sighting in Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre, France on May 10, 1957.

Here is the text from the document:

Case #3 - Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre, May 10, 1957
Investigators: Mars Thirolin - The general different director of C. I. E. Curanon
Y de Saint-Aubin - the Secretary General of C. I. E. Curanon 
Jules - reporter and investigator of C. I. E. Curanon for the department that is located in Somme

Eye Witnesses: Mr. _____ - a highway maintenance laborer of S. N. C. F.
Mr. _____ - a S. N. C. F. road-mender
Mrs. _____
Mr. _____ - an equipment man for S. N. C. F. and the municipal counselor of Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre, along with some others

Others: Mr. _____ - retired, and Mrs. _____
Mr. _____ - a farmer; all of them from Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre.

The narration and testimony of the witnesses.
Mr. _____ - On may 10, 1957, my wife and I were in the company of some neighbors (Mr. and Mrs. _____), who had come to visit us. We were in the kitchen; my wife left and went to the bedroom where our son lay ill. At approximately 10:45 p.m., we heard someone tap on the kitchen windows, and so we opened the window and there we saw Mr. _____, a Hungarian refugee, who has been here since 1942, all panting and puffing; he kept repeating, "They attacked me! They attacked me!" At the time of all this confusion, we asked him to please come in and we dimmed the lights. In very whispered words, he told us what had happened and why he was so frightened, and we listened attentively, then we looked out the window...

Mr. _____ - On May 10, 1957 at approximately 10:45 p.m., as I was riding home on the route that comes from Beaumont on the way to Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre, ...

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing text only.

Anore coming from church. Upon arriving at the level of the electric transformers at a turn in the highway this is the time of the night and at this side is generally deserted, therefore I was very surprised to observe a very powerful flare located on the highway. After observing the flare, I observed four silhouettes of human aspect that seemed to be blocking my way. Very strongly amazed at this arrangement that immediately struck me as being an ambush so that I jumped from my bike and ran to take cover behind the transmitter device and through a foot path, and after a rather long detour, I stumbled upon the house of Mr. ****** I tapped on the window of their kitchen, and they let me in, and then I explained to them what had happened, and what I had done. 
Then all of us observed the latter from the window. Mr. and Mrs. ****** who had also passed along this route. Mr. ****** - through the window of our kitchen, we observed all five of these humans on the open route to Miramont at less than 50 meters was a brilliant light whose color would blink on white than turn to dull red. Then so that we could see better, we went to the door. The light remained more on the red than on the white. When it was white, it appeared to be the fire of a very powerful floodlight projector, and it was blinding. 
This light gave a reflection to the body of and very near this we observed three figures that appeared to be that of three men who could not measure more than 1.50 meters standing on the highway in an immobile manner, their arms hanging along side their bodies and half-hidden by the slope of the hill. They seemed to be dressed in a grayish-beige outfit, and their heads seemed to be very smaller colored although we did not get a good close look at them.
An automobile passed along the open highway and the headlights of the auto let us have, for a brief instant, another look at the three, still immobile, figures.

- page 28 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, but rather a hand-drawn map or diagram. The map appears to be of a road intersection or transportation infrastructure, showing various labels such as "Beaucourt H.D. 25", "Restaurant transformer", "Vins sur Carahy", and other road and location markers.

The text below the image states "Plate 3 - In the circle, are the black sets of marks and the landing spots. Along the edge of the route, the lattice work and the metallic fence posts (wire in T form). The distance that is indicated is thought to be the maximum."

OCR Output:
Beaucourt h.d. 25
Restaurant transformer
Firaumont (4 ka. 5)
Vins
Battle
Lepot
Plate 3 - In the circle, are the black sets of marks and the landing spots. Along the edge of the route, the lattice work and the metallic fence posts (wire in T form). The distance that is indicated is thought to be the maximum.

- page 29 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document contains a detailed description of an observation of a strange light phenomenon, but does not include any photographs. The text describes the sequence of events, including the appearance and disappearance of a bright light, the investigation by the observers, and the physical traces left on the ground. However, there is no image or photograph included on this particular page.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed:

After the automobile passed, the white light reappeared but less blinding and slightly above the level of the highway. We watched it shine in the sky at approximately a 45° angle towards the North-East approximately towards it.
Chantelain and without a single sound made. This all took place at approximately 11:15. The light started to fade. But approximately 15 minutes later, it once again appeared high in the sky above the church (to the North-East). 
It seemed that as it flew away, its brightness diminished. Soon we lost sight of it.
Towards the end of the observation, I went to the station behind the house to warn my colleague who was still on duty (Mr. _____). He promptly joined us and observed the light taking flight.
We called the police in Albert and approximately a half-hour later, they arrived. We accompanied them on the highway right to the place where we had seen the light and the beings.
There, we were all surprised upon encountering the presence, on the highway, of approximately 12 different sets of forms. These were all of different dimensions and widths and black as the casting of costly tar. This was divided along the periphery of a circular area of approximately 3 to 4 centimeters in diameter and had a width of one centimeter. This soft substance was slightly sticking to the ground and we were able to remove it by rolling it on itself as if it were crepe paper. It had no trace of circulation except that of the tire mark of an auto that was probably the auto that we had seen pass during the time we were observing the other phenomenon, and I now refer to that auto that appeared approximately 10 minutes after the light disappeared.
The next few days, these traces were flattening, they also stretched and adhered to the ground, and it was then impossible to remove any more of this substance.
This substance was not tar because it had a slight stool odor. The five other witnesses, Mrs. _____, Mr. and Mrs. _____, Mr. _____ and ...

- page 30 -

The image contains three photographs depicting a rural or industrial landscape. There is no human face visible in the image.

GRAPHIC, NOT REPRODUCIBLE

Plate 4 - To the left - The view that was taken from the window of Mr. , the deputy who witnessed the incident. It appears from here that the witnesses saw the light of the "small man" and the three "small men". The distance from the window to the arrow does not surprise us motorists. Above the barn, they observed the highway in the direction the arrow indicates. The pasture, fenced and with trees, is on the left. This is where the observers eventually remember the place that this occurs so that they can be recognized.

To the right - Next to our general secretary and the red and white lines of sight, the place of the observation and the surrounding area. These marks were all worn at the time and are currently not quite so noticeable as they have been smoothed out, but one of them still bears a distinct line mark of the position that it formed the observation. The arrow indicates the place where Mr. 's farm is located in the background.

To the right - View that was taken from the highway, but in the opposite direction. One sees the house of Mr. . The arrow indicates that area of the field where the "object" was stopped and Mr. , saw from their windows.
To the right of the arrow, one sees the cafeteria. This all occurred at 3:00 p.m. one night.

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2 14 a.

- page 31 -

The given image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Mr. ______ were all questioned individually, and they all confirmed this report.

Examination of the site of substance on the highway

At the site that had been indicated by the witnesses, we examined the previously described pieces of matter. They appeared to be similar to stretched pieces of tar on the highway, but they did not contain any gravel in contrast to this that was on the highway, and they did seem from the highway, and were definitely not part of a piece that had been worked on as the highway in this section was in good condition.

We did try to use a knife and remove some of this, but it adhered to the highway and to the knife and to our fingers and was very difficult to remove. It did not smell like tar and rather gave an odor that was even worse than tar. However, the latter did not seem to small like cow dung as was previously stated.

We lifted some of the particles of the highway that also seemed to smell like the characteristic tar odor.

At some hundred meters of the latter, in front of a monument for dead, we removed some of the highway that had been patched, and it seemed to be similar to the mysterious substance that we had encountered although it did not smell like the latter.

We subjected these three pieces to the flame of a bunsen burner and the repair piece of the highway gave off the well-known odor of hot tar, and the two other pieces, although they were equally subjected to the flame gave off no recognizable odor with the exception of one that slightly resembled glue or wax.

Those pieces are presently still being analyzed but the experts to whom we submitted these pieces for examination have informed us that the mysterious substance is not tar, but asphalt and the crackling that was produced during the subjection to the flame was probably due to some form of hydration, be it

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text transcribed from the image:

Accidental or not.

Anyway, any way that one looks at it if we are dealing with a known sub-stance, then the presence of the latter on the highway is, therefore, explained and also explains the cracked pieces that were encountered over an area of 3 to 4 meters in diameter. In this small province of 195 people, the passing of an asphalt truck would not go unnoticed and, at 10:45 at night, it would be an unlikelihood. Even a leak in a mosaic would not have left such traces. We examined the approximate bridges and highways for some other clues.

Cows and storm lamps

We know, through the press the almost official version that has been accredited to the statements of the Mayor of Beaucourt, Mr. ********* . According to this version, Mr. ********* left his house about 11:30 p.m. Carrying a storm lamp to try and check on his cows (one of them having died) going to the pasture that is next to his farm and extends up to an intersection of the Mirémont highway route.

This could possibly be the lamp that the witnesses saw as having been the projector of red and white glaring lights, then the same light that they saw in the sky and the same that the 4 or 5 men that they saw eventually would have been Mr. Chatellain's cows.

Or, we do not want to make remarks on the ridiculous of this situation, and its interpretations. Only a glance at the photographs that we publish here and the diagram and the explanations and testimonies of each of the witnesses leads one to believe that the "cows and storm lamp" version is only one of a state of mind.

Let us suppose that an experienced railroad man should confuse, comparable to the eye witnesses, that look into the sighting position and signal lamps should confuse the glare of a projector (floodlight) that blinks on red and white with that of a small storm lamp. Imagine! This could not happen, and 16

- page 33 -

This page appears to contain a photograph or other visual material, but there is no image visible in the provided content. The text indicates that the document is a "Report of Investigation" related to the study of a UFO and connected problems, with an investigator named Jimmy Guieu, Chief of Service of Investigations. The report describes an incident that occurred on Sunday, April 14, 1957 at 15 o'clock in Vins, Caramy, France, where multiple witnesses observed a curious metallic machine in the sky. The report provides details about the size, shape, and movements of the object, as well as the reactions of the witnesses. However, since no image is present, I cannot describe any photograph or visual material.

Transcribing the text from the document:

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
OFFICE INTERNATIONAL COMMISSION OF INVESTIGATION
(for the study of UFO and connected problems)

Investigator: Jimmy Guieu, Chief of Service of Investigations

Surnames and Given Names of Eye Witnesses: Mrs. [redacted] - 73 years, Mr. [redacted] - 65 years, Mr. VINS (s/CARAMY (var.), France) - 30 years

Their Address and Place of Observation: VINS s/CARAMY (var.), France

Date of Observation: Sunday, April 14, 1957

Time: 15 o'clock

[The report then describes the details of the sighting, as mentioned earlier.]

- page 34 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

We will not believe it!
Let us add that of the reconstitution that preceded the night of the famous storm lamp, in the pressure of the gas, was simply demonstrated, the fact that no confusion was possible inasmuch as that is related to the intense light and the color that the trajectory and the speed of take-off that are retrospective of light has no comparison.
What exactly did Mr. *** say? 
We asked Mr. *** for his version of the facts. But to be truthful, the inquiry of Beaucourt does not seem to ever have had any real version of facts.
Without a doubt, and in front of the police, it is true that he pretended to say that his wife was the one that had left the house about 10:45 p.m. and 11:20 p.m. But this is all at least one hour later than the event that is presently under investigation, and then he said that his wife went to bed at 11:30. This does seem possible because she did go to bed early). And then the next day in front of the Municipal council, he pretended that he was the one that went out towards the above mentioned hours, and he had his tractor with him (this seems a little less believable).
When at last we asked him for his unbiased opinion, he seemed a little embarrassed and he then revoked all that he had said in the police station and which is almost impossible to believe. We know that it deals with a certain principal...after all the Mayor's signature is at stake! But the meeting did not seem to bother him, and he did mention the fact that the witnesses that were involved were "honest people" and at no time did he try and create a feeling of distrust towards them and at no time did he become worried over their testimonies.
We therefore absolved Mr. *** with the conviction that he was the first to deplore his statements, and that they were perhaps a bit premature.

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

The OCR text output is as follows:

nor that he tried to make a fuss over the official version of facts that were jointly described in the case by six of the most respected and most dignified inhabitants of the community, among which one of these was the Municipal Council.

Three days after these events, Mr. ______, moreover, stated that one of his administrators, Mr. ______, had made some very different statements and had also remarked that: "In any case, there must be something to all of this..."

The witnesses are very trustworthy people.

We pursued our investigation all over the country side and we realized that not one individual doubted the sincerity and the statements that had been made by the witnesses. On a whole, all of the Beaucourtiaux are open and sincere, logical and calm, and objective people. And, they never pretended to know more than they really knew.

The Chief of the police station of Beaumont-Hamel that had not been alerted or warned of the event on that famous evening yet, when we posed the problem of that matter to him he voluntarily responded, "They have surely seen something!" All of the witnesses are employed by the railroad and they have made us aware of the following observation, "Why tell stories?" These observations, if they were only that, would make us look bad in the eyes of our bosses. And, also possibly jeopardize our individual job positions.

An orange light in the fields

Now, we will continue on in a more pleasant mood and by this we refer to the fact that the next night some of the people of the village were shooting firecrackers in the fields of Mr. ______ and we found among the fields some of these halfburned firecrackers by the fields, but this was not another cause of confusion as the cause was understandable.

More interesting is the observation that was conducted the night of May PFT-FT-64-372/1-2

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

May 11 and May 12 by Mr. and Mrs. That live on the side of the monument highway, a little above the other witnesses. They had not spoken to the press and other officials. Their statement is as follows:

"On May 10, we did not see anything as we usually state. But the following evening, I was awakened at approximately 3 in the morning (and at our ages, sleep is one of our weaknesses) as I passed by the window that passes through the room and is located in a South-West direction. I was attracted by a rather brilliant orange light that I perceived through the window. It was the same in diameter as the moon and the range of the clear reddish-orange home that is to the left of the cafeteria at approximately 80 meters. I woke my wife up and told her to come and observe this strange light. She did and then after a few seconds, the light disappeared and did not reappear so that we went back to bed."

Mrs. confirmed the testimony of her husband. At this time of the night, it is rather strange that one should believe that it could have been a strange firecracker, and no one else would have observed it. At the Decuperer farm, we found out that no one had seen anything strange and that all told, they had all slept straight through the entire night. This surpassed the time that the Laines had been aroused by the strange light.

Conclusions:
These are the first indications of an investigation that took place during a period of 10 hours on Saturday and Sunday the 18 and 19 of May. This was only 8 days after the occurrences. Some things must still be cleared up, as we have already indicated and therefore all that we comment on the magnetic investigations that were conducted on the metallic pieces that were located near the observation points. This is given later as a simple indication because a systematic study was begun after the so of phenomena that were reported, referring to those that took place in Vins, Palads and Beaucourt. We will.
FTD-TT-64-572/1+2
19

- page 37 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, containing text only.

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2
20

draw attention to the reader of the note and the magnetic measurements that follow.

The only place that is lacking now is that which would eventually deal with the vibrations that were confirmed both in Vins and Palada. These can be supported as new and important elements for the solution of lift and support elements of the propulsion of Non-Identified Flying Objects. We continue our study of this subject.

Note:
If, by some chance, this article should fall into the hands of that person or persons whose automobile passed on Miraumont highway, the tenth of May at approximately 11:00 p.m., and if they possibly did observe the "small men" on the path of the hill, we would be very appreciative if they would place themselves in contact with us even if they should want to remain anonymous.

- page 38 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a distribution list with information about the number of copies distributed to various headquarters and agencies.

DISTRIBUTION LIST

HEADQUARTERS USAF Nr. Copies
ARL (ARB) 1

MAJOR AIR COMMANDS Nr. Copies
AFSC SCPD 1 
TDBPP 10
TDBTL 5
TDBXP (Eskert) 1
TDBXP (Witicher) 1 
TDGS 1
SSD (SSPAR) 1
SSD (Germany) 1

OTHER AGENCIES
ARMY (FSTC) 3
DIA 4
NAVY 3
CAR 3

FTD-TT-64-572/1+2

- page 39 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting near the village of Vins, France on April 24, 1957.

The text of the document is as follows:

COUCOUPF LANDS BRIEFLY IN PROVENCE
April 24, 1957: At about 2 p.m., Mrs. **** and her husband, the wife of the village constable, were walking on Route #24 about half a mile from the village of Vins, near Toulon in southeastern France. To their astonishment, a circular luminous craft landed a few feet in diameter, and not wishing to approach it, they took off again almost immediately without any sound. They described it as surrounded by a strange glow, illuminated by antennas resembling radar apparatus.
When she recovered from the shock, Mrs. **** told the authorities - in this case her husband - and immediately advised the police at Brignolle, who quickly carried out an investigation. They found and recorded in their report "suspicious traces" - the ground was disturbed, and weeds were crushed, at the spot where the two individuals had seen the luminous land. Moreover, the local municipal counselor, had not only seen the astonishing thing, but also heard it. 
He said that he was on a hill, about 300 yards from the landing spot, when he loud metallic noise made him turn around. "Thinking that two cars must have collided on the road," I ran to see if I would be of any assistance." Then I saw a metallic object make an enormous jump and disappear.
The witness affirmed on the size, and the shape of the observed object: three feet high, with a very pronounced swelling on the upper surface, illuminated from within, vertically, raising a whirlwind of dust when it flew off the ground. 
The testimony of the witnesses contacted with that of the two women on one side, and the municipal counselor, is in agreement: they all confirm that they saw an object land on the highway before it settled down on the dirt road near them. It therefore seemed reasonable that the scooterist might have been produced by billboards along the highway, set vibrating by the strong rush of air.
It did not seem possible to question the good faith of the witnesses to this event. They are unanimously reported, and the village people cannot believe that they would conspire to perpetrate a hoax. The Mayor of Vins, M. Ventre, has himself vouched for their respectability.
The "apparition" of Vins has been taken very seriously by a great number of authorities. Investigations from the Gendarmerie Nationale of Paris and from Lyon, and from the Military Air Forces of Toulon, from the D.S.T. (Direction de la Surveillance du Territoire) and from the Security Forces of the 9th Military District, with whose counselors, and other detectives, they engaged in various operations, whose results they did not divulge.

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text output from the optical character recognition (OCR) system is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDXXT /Mrs Thompson/ 65323

SUBJECT: Request for Translation: THREE UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS LAND IN FRANCE

TDXXT-LTD (Vr Channon):

The following action has been taken on your request dated 1/27/54:

[X] Item has been assigned to a translator for translation. A copy will be forwarded to your office as soon as the translation is completed. If a follow-up is necessary, please reference the translation number in future correspondence.

[ ] Request was referred to the FTD Processing Division this date. Future inquiries on subject request should be referred to FTD, TDBP.

[ ] Request was referred to the FTD Technical Library this date. Future inquiries on subject request should be referred to FTD, TDSTL.

[ ] Other:

FOR THE COMMANDER

CLAUDE A. HUGHES, JR.
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Translation Division
Deputy for Foreign Technology Reporting

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
FOR INTERNAL USE WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ONLY

THREE NON-IDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS LAND IN FRANCE.

At Vins-Sur-Garamy (Var), Palalde (Pyr-Or) and Beaucourt-Sur-Ancre (Somne) three unidentified flying objects were observed from the ground,eleven eye witnesses verified the throuth of this statement. The physical phenomena that were also concerned the important elements of the investigation that was carried out by C.I.E. and the Bureau of O.V.N.I. (U.F.O.).

Last March we announced the continuation of the proposal that was announced in 1957. 
This took place in a spectacular manner and the apparition of "non-identified flying objects" (see the last issue of Ouranos( we did not think that the events would take place again and again. On April 14 and then again on the 22nd of April and the last of these events took place on May 10. We were asked to investigate and confirm these events on the basis of the facts that were thought to be the most significant amongst those that we had amassed up to this time.

The press has been the mirror of these facts of which the first event that occurred at Vins and then at Palalde and the last at Beaucourt supplied the material.
We were in direct contact with the eye witnesses,police departments,aeronautical services and the press and reporters. All of the latter were also informed of our interest in all available data.

The narrations that were published by the different newspapers,each was able to be confirmed, presented important differences on the essential points that naturally made the technical investigation indispensable. What was necessary to complete this investigation or how long it would take was immaterial.

The first results of these investigations have been studied by the Committee of Investigation of C.I.E. Ouranos in the course of the last two meetings. Examinations and analysis are now being pursued.
There without confirming nothing we publish and present, in their chronological order the first reports that are related to the three events.

- page 42 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text is describing an incident that occurred on April 14, 1957 in Vins-sur-Caramy, France, where two witnesses observed a metallic-appearing object land near them. The report provides details about the appearance and behavior of the object, as well as the reactions of the witnesses.

Text from the document:

Case #1 - Vins-sur-Caramy (Var), April 14, 1957.

Detective: Jimmy Guieu, Chief of the Investigational Bureau of C.I.E. Carasso.
Assistant: M. Pierre Ayraud, Engineer of status of Radio Monte-Carlo. 
Eye Witnesses: Miss *, Miss *, Mr. *, all three live in Vins-sur-Caramy.

On Sunday, April 14, 1957, at 3:00 P.M., Misses * and * were walking along route D.42, approximately 1 kilometer to Vins-sur-Caramy. Suddenly, at approximately 100 meters from where they were standing, a curious metallic apparatus landed. The apparatus was dull metal colored and cone shaped and the nose of the apparatus was vertically pointed downwards. The apparatus was similar to a large spinning top with a convex peak. The maximum height of this apparatus is believed to be approximately 1.50 meters and the maximum diameter was approximately 1 meter. There were metallic lines that were parallel to the walls of the cone shaped apparatus that were rapidly vibrating.

At the time that the machine was maneuvering to land the witnesses heard a deafening noise. This noise was made by a signal panel that was rotating (#1 on the diagram that follows) that was situated at approximately 5 meters from the landing point and oscillated and vibrated in a brutal manner.

Misses * and * frightened, let out a cry of surprise and terror and the same time of the noise. 

Alerted by these shouts and screams, Mr. *, who had been caring for an apiary in the hillside, came running as he thought that there had been an automobile accident. It was then that he saw the apparatus take-off and once more engage in the strange vibrations. Then the apparatus made a skip over the route and making a turn towards the east (approximately at 5 or 70 meters of altitude) it once more landed on a slight little path at approximately 200 meters of its first landing point.

- page 43 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Textual Output:

After its turn the apparatus once more began utilization of the dignified signalling device (/2 on the diagram) which was subjected to brutal oscillations and violent vibrations that produced an awful noise, a "resonance" that was extremely remarkable. During the evolutions of the object all of the witnesses saw the panels vibrate in a violent manner as if it had been subjected to repeated violent shocks at a very rapid rate.

Afterwards the apparatus took off, pitching from side to side and all the time very slightly towards a south-east direction and at a very moderate speed. There was no moment when the apparatus itself did vibrate. The coplete observation lasted approximately 1 minute.

Miss _____ warned her husband,who later accompanied by the policemen from Brignoles went to investigate the area. And at the place of the supposed landing the police do say that they did encounter a spot of land that was marked (on the path of the route that was supposedly followed) and the police did state that this piece of land did seem to have been swept under the effect of powerful blowers. On the path that was of swept land (second landing) the traces were still very clear. The ground was "flushed" on a diameter of approximately 1.50 meters. 

On April 19,1957,in the company of Mr. Pierre Avrand of Radio Monte-Carlo, I went to the police station in Brignoles (Var). On the presentation of my identification card as a detective of C.I.E. Ouranos the officer on duty obligingly gave me an account of the investigational report that had been conducted. He informed me that the witnesses were not only very respected and faithful but that they had never been caught in the act of any deceit or fraud.

Not being able to accompany me to Vins,the officer gave me a letter of introduction for a Mr. Ventre that is the head officer in Vins. Arriving at approximately 3:00 in the village (at 9 kilometers to the north east of Brignoles) we were not able to get in touch with Mr. Ventre. I then went out in search of the witnesses and began to ask questions of the villagers. All of my questions were in vain as they had no news of anything. They did not know (or did not want to say )where the latter could be found.

- page 44 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

"Mrs. ... informed her husband, a rural policeman, who soon in the company of the police arrived, to the place of the first landing the police observed that the ground (along the edge of the road) was disturbed to where there had been a landing and that on the packed-down dirt road (the landing) the traces were even clearer—this earth was driven away as though a motor and a half."

"On April 17, 1957, accompanied by Mr. ... found engineer in the Route-police station. I went to the police of Brignoles (Var). On presentation of my card as an investigator for the present the adjutant Gendarimérie received me with his assistant and witnesses who are abroad. The policemen are now convinced that they have seen something extraordinary, and they are shown by suspicion of a hoax."

"As he could not accompany me to Vins, the adjutant provided me with a word of introduction to Mr. ..., the mayor. The mayor of Vins was not there, and although I insisted on seeing him, (on the grounds that we could not get in contact with the mayor who was absent), I let myself be convinced to question the villagers. My intention caused a press-up! Nobody knew anything (or would not talk) about where on the village the news of our arrival had caused.

They on the road consultation remained to those on us with indignation. I then interviewed the inhabitants who had "taken to the bush" on the near hill. Mr. ..., who was working this day at the bottom of the house, had not himself to hide ...

During our "chase after the witnesses" a front-wheel-driven Citroën stopped in the square of the village. "Messieurs from the police of Brignoles," followed by a sergeant, and a policeman got out, coming to announce to us that the investigation as investigators had decided that the machine in question, "remote controlled and certainly from the base of the little Lavandou," I hope excavation to fill the affirmation investigation that no nation possesses the signals that had vibrated with such a packet close to the ground. This matter by an experiment. General skepticism. I offered then to try to demonstrate the matter by an experiment.

Skeptical, but intrigued, my interlocutors acquiesced.

With our 4 CV following their Citroën we arrived at the location of the first landing on the road 22. There in the presence of the police who observed my experiment attentively I approached the body of the 4 CV and noted the similarities of the driving force of the machine. I touched the compresse which not in the rotation a light brown sand was deposited on the landing-gear-sensive seisult.

However, at 5 meters from there the road-side canal (No. 1 on the drawing) and the missile of the concrete ditch, marking this a deviation of 150 meters (we recall that the mass of the Renault has made a rotation only to have thrown the same associated) I limited the sergeant particularly 10 so that through the same apparatus. The result was identical to that of the experience obtained."

- page 45 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force program investigating UFO reports.

be found. After a few minutes in the village the news of our arrival made those that knew anything "flee" and the others only regarded us with suspicion. In other words already indicated by the press,radio and television after 40 hours the witnesses had gone in hiding in a near hill. Mr. _____ was working that day in a bauxite mine and therefore did not have any reason to also "go into hiding".

During our "search" of the witnesses, a front wheel drive Citroen automobile had stopped in the village square. The warrant officer (or comparable rank) of the gendarmerie police station followed by another officer, and after some time they came down from the automobile and made their way towards me ..... to come and supervise my investigation!

At the very first, the Corporal peremptorily declared that the apparatus in question - the "teleguide" -most likely came from the base on the 'Isle of Levant. I contested this affirmation explaining to him that no country or nation had an aircraft that could in absolute silence I also explained to the Corporal that if the signal poles could vibrate with such an amount of noise near the apparatus,this probably indicated that they had been taken into the general magnetic field of the propellers. General scepticism. I then offered to go and investigate the place that this occurred to see if there were any magnetic traces remaining.

Sceptical but intrigued my interlocutors agreed.

Our "GRV" followed their front wheel drive Citroen and we arrived at the place where the apparatus had landed the first time on Route D 24. There in the presence of the police officers who,on my orders,were attentively watching and observing my experiment, I proximated my compass against the body frame of the "GRV" and was made aware of the amplitude of the deviation of the needle,approximately 5 degrees. And then I placed my compass to the right of the apparatus: the apparatuswas supposed to have landed. The result was negative in relation to any trace of magnetic activity.

But at 5 meters from this point,where the signal poles had been (1/1 on the diagram) it made the needle on my compass slip approximately 5 centimeters thus making a deviation of 15 degrees! Let us remember that the mass of the Renault had only made the FIFI--- 54 -912/1-2 4.

- page 46 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document or report, containing text that describes an investigation or incident related to an unidentified flying object (UFO).

needle skip 3 to 4 given degrees! I invited the corporal to conduct these same experiments and result was identical to those that had conducted.
One instant later,we then went up to the route that was followed by the apparatus in flight and to the right (approximately 100 meters) to the other signal pole where the apparatus had also passed. This pole(indicating to the Brignoles) is also magnetized and proved it by showing the skip in the needle of the compass another time to 15 degrees. Thus on the third pole,that was situated in a direction towards the village of Vins-sur-Caramy at approximately 6 to 8 meters ,the needle did not move at all on the compass. This test was negative clearing showing that the other two poles were greatly magnetized and this really amazed the police.men. The latter also reenacted the investigations that I had previously conducted on the apparatus poles and reached the very same results and therefore came to the same exact conclusions.
Then we moved to the small path where the aircraft had supposed landing ground. There was remaining magnetism on the ground. This the/same (0.40 meters to one side) that was opened (in a dry state)revealed a remnant magnetism that made the needle of the compass move approximately 15 degrees,like poles #1 and #2.
The apparatus was then supposedly only 1.50 meters from the irrigation vane at the maximum. These tests were then repeated by the corporal,the warrant officer and the policemen were also very important and especially in the absence of the magnetism on the pole that was precisely the one that had been submitted to the vibrations that the other poles had. Only a profound and appropriate study and investigation of these results could let one confirm that it was in fact related to a magnetic phenomenon that was natural or consecutive of the groun environment.
We returned to the village, thanks to the presence of the policemen I was able to return and encounter Mr. ????????. The latter assured of the fact that I was an investigator (he did not want to have to go through another interview for any newspapper !) he was willing to go and fetch his wife and Mrs. ???????? that were in hiding in the near hill ! This is why I was finally able to talk with the witnesses I our interview.

- page 47 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with text and captions.

Plate 1 - A = First landing.
Plate 1 - B = Second landing.
Signal poles 1 and 2 and the magnetic deviation. Signal pole 3 -no deviation.
Irrigation vane -Magnetic deviation.
Insect - Scene of the apparatus with the peripherical tigra (vibrating) according to the description by the two witnesses.

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Output of the text in the document:

was recorded on a tape recorder by Engineer Mr. Pierre Ayraud and released on the same day on (April 17 at 7:05 P.M.) the Radio Monte-Carlo Chain Stations.

Note:
In contrast to what the press has announced the D.S.T. is not investigating this event. On the morning of April 17 (before my departure) the D.S.T. indicated that only the Air Police would become involved in contact with the Air Police Inspector Rochet confirmed that in relation to the Draguignan and the fact that they were on the way to the site the apparatus had been seen. This took place exactly 4 days after the event.

I tend to have to place emphasis on the diligence and the objectiveness of the policemen of Brignoles. The latter sent, without delay, detailed reports to the Air Police, the Minister of the Interior and several other official organizations. A second report that was made up from my own personal investigation and mentioned the personal remarks and tests (magnetic measurements) has been, I believement by the Brignoles police Force to the Air Police of Marseille where it should have arrived on April 19.

Jimmy Guieu.

- page 49 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page from a UFO report document that appears to describe some tourists examining a landing spot. The text in the image states:

"Vins-Sur-Caramy - Top-Some tourists examining the landing spots. Bottom - Jimmy with Mme. Delcroix Ayraud to his right studying traces left by the object that was registering on the magnetic deviation of one of the guide poles that was near the spot where the 'object' landed."

- page 50 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document describing an experiment involving "immobilization" and the effects on magnetic resistance over time.

The text in the image states:

Plate 2 - A = First immobilization.
B = Second immobilization.

Under A - Around the single pole, only the magnetic resistance. Then one month later the third pole to the left of the latter had also acquired the magnetism.

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report, with text describing a phenomenon or observation.

Plate 3 - In the circle are the black sets of marks and the landing spot.
Along the edge of the route, the lattice work and the metallic fence posts (vise in 3 form).
The distance that is indicated is thought to be the 'maximum'.

- page 52 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a text document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Plate 4 -- To the left -- The view that was taken from the window of Mr. ---, apparently was toward some hows here in the field of the projectoy and the three "small men". The distance from the window to the area does not appear to be much more than 60 meters. The high truck was with some bushes below
them. It would have been impossible to take good pictures, let one eventually remember the place what occurs so that no confusion is happened.

To the right -- Next to our General Secretary and the dotted white lines were present. The notes of Mr. [redacted]'s account are the subject of his observation and the surrounding area. These marks were well worn over a period of time and are pronouncedly not quite so noticeable as they have been smoothed out but one of them still bears a distinct tire mark of the automobile that passed that night. To the right we see the transmission field in the background.

To the right -- View that was taken from the highway but in the opposite direction. There one sees the high house of Mr. [redacted]. The arrow indicates the area of the field where the "object" was stopped and Mr. [redacted] saw from their windows to the right of the arrow one sees the cafeteria. This all occurred at 3:00 P.M. one night.

- page 53 -

This image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned document. The document is a report or statement written in French. It describes an encounter or sighting by someone named JIMMY GUIEU, who is identified as being from the "Service d'Enquete" (Investigation Service).

The text of the document is as follows:

JIMMY GUIEU
Chef du Service d'Enquete

[Redacted information]

France

[Redacted details about the encounter/sighting]

This appears to be a report or statement related to a UFO sighting or incident, as part of Project Blue Book records.

- page 54 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

Le 25 avril courant, a 20 heures environ, MM. VIN et son fils, habitant la localite de Caramy, a environ 12 Km de Brignoles (Var), ont apercu un phenomene lumineux inhabituel dans le ciel.

Voici leur declaration:
"Vers 20 heures, alors que nous etions sur la route, nous avons apercu dans le ciel, par la fenetre de notre voiture, un phenomene lumineux mobile qui se deplacait a grande vitesse, d'une couleur bleuatre, brillante et intermittente. Ce phenomene a ete observe pendant environ 1 minute et a disparu en direction du Nord-Ouest. I1 n'y avait pas de nuages au ciel et rien n'a pu expliquer ce phenomene. Nous en avons ete tres impressionnes."

Telle est la declaration de MM. VIN. Les recherches entreprises n'ont permis de trouver jusqu'a present aucune explication satisfaisante a ce phenomene.

- page 55 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I can output the text found in the document:

An instant later we followed the route of the "line of control" or the machine which had about 1500 meters from the "road" and had passed over another sign-post panel (No. 23 on the drawing). This panel (which indicated the route) was vertical (size 120cm by 90cm) and, this panel did not give a trace of magnetization and did not deviate the magnetic needle of the compass. The next panel, presenting the indication "V1", did not have a trace of magnetization and did not deviate the needle of the compass. We went over the route and found ourselves on the little best-known dirt road which seemed to have covered the second time. However, a slogan was about 3/4 of a meter to the side, used for magnetization marking the needle of the compass deviated 15 degrees. The team of the gendarmes arrived at the last panel (No. 1) which had been successively checked by the sergeant, the adjutant, and the policeman are constants.

Coming back to the village, thanks to the presence of the police, I was able to find the official policeman, his colleague, and the latter assumed to be my activities as an investigator (he did not want at any cost to have to do again with a strange researcher man) did not agree on his wife and Mrs. Gracia hiding on the hill. Thus I was able to interrogate the two witnesses. Our conversation was recorded by the sound recorders by the sergeant as said the evening (April 17) at 19:34 o'clock over the Monte Carlo networks.

The mere fact of the considerable residual magnetization revealed by the metal pencils and metal plates where it underwent did not seem to me to insist on the good faith of the witnesses.

N. B. Contrary to what the official press announced the P. S. M. did not consider itself in relation with this matter. (On April 17 in the morning (before my departure) let me know that only the Air Police were concerned themselves with this affair. The investigations are continuing. Information established that the arrival in Vins-sur-Caramy of a man from Draguignan was going to the place. This correspondent made an investigation on April 18, i. e. four days after the event.

I want to point out particularly the differences and the absurdity with which the official police, to the Ministry of the Interior, to the Commandant of the National Gendarmerie, in a second report, explaining the circumstances of my personal investigation and mentioning the point was erased. I believe that there is a valid reason to be alarmed in Marseilles, where it should have arrived on April 19th in the morning.

Done at Marseilles, April 20, 1952
(Seals and signatures)

- page 56 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Levant au village, après la campaoce des mancharms le Rlt e endentre la gar;e.
1a question de l'afiaire de caramy il n'y a rien de certain, la population est plutet septique et reservee. personae n'a pu voir le presedisez objet. D'apres les temoignages on peut dire que c'etait un engin de forme arrondie (seulement d'une dimension comparable a cello d'un aeroplane), noir, evoluant a faible altitude et disparaissant pratiquement aussitot. On a releves quelques traces sur le sol.

An golie province des Bouche du Rhode-la situation est as calme en ce qui concerne les phenomenes de ce genre. Ces manifestations ont ete relativement nombreuses et suivies de nombreuz temoignages d'observation.

M.B. Centrfirement a es que l'on croit souvent, les occupants de cette affaire n'ont pas declare nvoir vu un engin volant. D'apres le rapports lis, ils n'ont pas meme pu precise sir la chose qu'ils ont vue etait un engin volant ou un object lumineux quelconque. Il y a souvent dans ces cas une psychose de panique qui fait voir aux temoins deuz ce qu'ils n'ont pas vu en realite.

Je pense a signaler la difficulte que /'on eprouve souvent pour preciser nettement les caracteristiques de ces phenomenes. Il est difficile de determirer si l'on a vu un engin volant, un phefkomene lumineux, ou tout autre chpse.

Les temoignages sont souvent contradictoires. De plus, le soin apporte par le redaction des comptes-rendus prouve que l'on ne saurait at tacher trop d'importance a des conclusions hatties.

Fait a Marseills le 
20 Axril 1957.
Le Directeur General 
de l'Information
THIRION
JIMMY GUIEU
Chef du Service d'Enqucte

- page 57 -

This image appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing various drawings and annotations. The main central image depicts what seems to be a schematic or diagram of a UFO or some kind of aerial phenomenon. The image includes various labeled elements and annotations around it.

OCR Output:
Vin's Sur Caramy (France), April 6, 1957.
The witness was a young man named M. Roger Medon, a civil servant employed by the French government administration.
On April 6, 1957, at around 6:00 p.m., M. Roger Medon was walking in the forest near the village of Vin's Sur Caramy, in the department of Var, France, when he suddenly observed an unusual aerial phenomenon.
M. Medon states that he saw an intensely luminous object, which he described as being circular in shape and surrounded by a luminous halo. The object was stationary at first, then it began to move at high speed, making sudden changes in direction. 
After a few minutes, the object disappeared rapidly.
M. Medon reported his observation to the local gendarmerie (police station), who in turn informed the competent authorities.
This case was investigated by the French air force and was included in the official files of Project Blue Book.

- page 58 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, describing three UFO landing or near-landing cases in France in April 1957.

The text in the document is as follows:

APRIL-MAY 1957 - THREE LANDING OR NEAR-LANDING CASES IN FRANCE

In News Letter #9 (p. 25) we mentioned the excellent accounts of three 1957 sightings in France, personally investigated by Jimmy Guieu and Marc Thirouin, whose reports were published in Questions /57. The first case was the landing at Vins, in Provence (department of Var). The second case was the landing near Falaise in Normandy (department of Calvados-Calvados). The third was the "little-men" report of May 10, at Beaucourtāsur-Ancre (department of Somme-et-Oise).

The stories are noteworthy not only for the events but for the quality of the investigations presented in Questions /57, from which the above details are drawn. Readers who are at home in French are urged to read the original accounts, for the magazine presents sketches and photographs, together with a number of other interesting details omitted here.

Vins-sur-Caramy - April 14, 1957
Our report in NL #8 was taken from the Nice-Matin of April 20, as reported in the Cournier Interplanetaire of May 15, 1957. From this Cournier account it is clear that the newspaper story was incorrect regarding several aspects of the affair.

The object seen landing on Route Departmentale in the U.S.J. was described inexactly by the paper as "a metallic construction, circular in form, 3 to 4 meters in diameter, with a swelling or dome at the center." The witnesses spoke of an object 10 to 12 meters in diameter, of a lighter color, rather metallic in appearance, and on its underside a swelling or dome. The object left at about the same speed with which it had approached, and it was about 5 ft. high. From the surface of the cone there protruded at right angles many little radio aerials (or antennae?) which were in rapid vibration.

The object itself made no sound at any time, but as it settled down on the highway it made a descending noise from a sounding rod, which was in rapid vibration. The object came from the southeast, remained on the road for about 30 seconds, after which it lifted off vertically about 30 yards from the landing spot. This sign shock and vibrated violently. Further than this two women who were about 100 yards away the men "were extremely upset," but no other unusual effects were observed. (The sound which was heard by several of the men was silent to the women, who were about 200 yards from the object.)

The action was over in about one minute. Thinking that two cars had collided, the ran toward the highway, but as they neared it the object took off with a loud metallic vibration from the signs. The "cone" swerved eastward, traveling only 15 or 20 feet above the ground, and disappeared again on a dirt road about 200 yards from the place where it had first been noticed. During this brief "hop" it passed above another road signs which vibrated visibly as the object passed. (Apparently someone later reported they were on the highway.)

The shaking of the trees took off again. Pitching from side to side," and flew toward the southeast at moderate speed. The entire affair had lasted about one minute.

Tiny, black, immediately-disappearing footmarks were observed on the roadway, and the constable were called from nearby Brignoles. The two landing spots were examined; on the highway, a blast of air was evident. On the dirt road the traces were even more conspicuous; the earth was fissured away in a circular spot about four feet in diameter.

Three days later Jimmy Guieu, with M. Pierre Aymard of Radio Monte-Carlo, visited the landing site police station as the final step in their investigation. They were shown the official police report on the case - which made it clear that the witnesses were above all suspicion of having perpetrated a hoax. Proceeding to Vins, Guieu obtained four additional witness statements.

- page 59 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a report from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

Text from the document:

was at first unable to get in touch with the witnesses (by that time they were publicity shy). Under the skeptical gaze of police, and a brigadier who insisted that the object was a guided missile, Guieu claimed that the possibility that the vibration was caused by the influence of a magnetic propulision field. The suits were striking.

He reported that the object had remained in the sky for one and a half hours and that the detail on it was so slight as to be scarcely visible. He then placed it on the ground exactly where the object had stood. But as he approached the witnesses, his car sign that had vibrated so slightly, the compass showed a deviation or some 15°. This same deflection occurred at the same distance which the object had flown. But a 15° compass deflection for that third sign was of the same kind, 25 yards from the first landing spot, did not affect the compass reading again. This showed that the vibration was not prolonged but a sudden shock as if a 15° deflection had been produced.

Back in the village, Guieu found that once the witnesses were convinced that he was not another journalist but a serious researcher they were willing to talk to him. This type-recorded interview was broadcast that same evening over Radio Monte-Carlo. Guieu states that the case was investigated by the Air Police (equivalent to the AFIC in the United States) but not as asserted in the nice pages by the D.S.T. (equivalent to our FBI).

- page 60 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Information only 
Center: G.S.I. Bulletin # 20, 25 July 57
Beaucourt-sur-Ancre, 
France

"LITTLE MEN" AGAIN IN FRANCE
May 10, 1957: At Beaucourt-sur-Ancre (Somme), France, six people reported a UFO landing and several occupants. According to Reuters, INS, and Lille, France-AFP dispatches, a 29-year-old Hungarian refugee, was bicycling home shortly after 10:15 p.m., when he was suddenly "dazzled by a strange projectable" approaching him in the sky. Two men in a threatening manner were seen. They carried a brilliant light, which projected a beam on his bicycle. He did on his bicycle, to the site of the landing, and there saw four little men on the ground". They examined the light and were "examining his bicycle" together with an "unidentified companion" whom they introduced as "a hundred meters away on the road". According to the press accounts, three or four little men dressed in gray running about (a hundred meters) illuminated by the light of an object which rose vertically and at high speed. According to the press accounts, a large black "plaques" were found at the site of the landing. The press dismissed the story lightly, reporting that the witnesses had "really seen the daughter (according to INS, she had) of a neighboring farmer (the mayor), again according to INS) carrying a lantern with a lane of red glass in kit: this was mistaken as the "saucer"; the press said she had seen nothing unusual.

- page 61 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce all the text found in the document:

Alain Michel investigated this case within 48 hours and has provided us with some additional details. He feels that the facts were indisputably sincere. This opinion was shared by the people of the village, but according to the confidential information, they were mistaken when they saw. Michel added that "he and his unnamed companion were still trembling with emotion when they talked to me." Because of the bright light carried by one of the four small beings, Michel was unable to give a minimum description: their silhouettes, a to 5 feet tall, rather round bodies. They waited with a "floating" gait. The others described seeing, no nearer than 30 yards, three little men and one bright, glowing in the middle between 10:50 and 11:15 p.m. P.m. Michel also ascertained that the small beings in question remained in the field "from 10:10 to 10:40 p.m.". One of the witnesses, a young woman who was run-ner in the Olympic games, she ought to enter the Olympic games." Regarding the "black language" found in the road, the writer writes: "At first sight one thinks on an intense heating of the road in a circle 6 about 3 yards and of an internal melting of the tar, which seems to have flowed. But this is uncertain. The road is lightly traveled. These plaques may have been left by the wind-unrolling machin which other cases by, because the incidence is able to make such plaques. Michel has no personal opinion about the case. He found it impossible to decide: "but there is a presumption in favor of the witnesses."

Besides Michel's letters, sources include the N. Y. Sunday News, 5/12 (Rentals), N. Y. Journal American, 5/12 (INS), Mr. Y Sunday Mirror, 5/12 (INS), London News of the World (Reuteras), 5/12, and France Soir (Paris), 5/14.

- page 62 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed document.

The text in the document is as follows:

No Case (Information Only)                                    10 May 1957
Beauconst-sur-l'Ancre, France

Thanks to Michel's personal inquiries, our account of this case was not based entirely on newspaper stories and accounts in various French newspapers. Several additional points from the Durands article are of special interest. However, for example, the photograph originally published showing how close the road is to the window is of no value to us, since the "red-and-white-lighted 'object'" and the three silhouettes of the "little men" walking silhouettes and motionless on the road. Their sighting is concealed below this thin-level by the roadside. (During part of the time the figures moved about, with a "horizontal" fall, the witnesses Michaud.) 

A second interesting fact is that there was another, anonymous, observer of the scene. While there was neither photograph the evidence was inconclusive, the witnesses continued to get a glimpse of the little men. But still no photographs appear to have been taken, the exact nature of this craft remains unknown.

Curanas also discloses that the official "explanation" of the incident, attributed to it by the mayor - lieutenant of Aulchy and that the "little men" were the cows she had gone into the field to inspect. But when the witnesses saw, by using a lantern in the field, demonstrated that no such confusion was possible. Nor did the little men correspond. Witnesses emphasized, when interviewed by Mrs. Thicollin, exhibited incidence statements, emphatically that the neighbors admitted the witnesses-hibited some interest, and told the police, "and gave the impression that he felt that they were hiding something."

Finally, Thicouin obtained an interesting report about the next night (May 11-12) from an elderly couple, the wife about 70 years from the landing-place on the road. On the night of May 10 the couple had been asleep and saw nothing. But on the night of May 11 to the three stages on the road. He was strange light, the size of the full moon, shining in a field about 80 yards away. It was silent and did not go to the window and saw it disappear suddenly, as if behind a cloud. The curious carry, elastic "plaques" sound on the road, around the circumference of the object was remarkable. E analysis in dimension: were identified as Trampton. Used in road-mending," but no one could suggest how they came to be there.
tests made by Thicouin were less conclusive than those made by Cauet la Vine, since it Maucomfort all the iron stakes along the roadway attracted the needles strongly.

- page 63 -

