The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from the Project Blue Book files.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: July 4, 1957
2. LOCATION: Claremont, California
3. TIME GROUP: 2300
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 15
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Subject observed an UNIDENTIFIED object via ground radar. The object was stationary and did not move during the observation period.
9. CONCLUSIONS: Radar target of unknown nature. Was observed by radar operator.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an Air Intelligence Information Report.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Date: 30 July 1957
Place of Sighting: Claremont, California
Witnesses: Artemia Air Force
Date of Sighting: 16 August 1957
Investigating Officer: Major Pascalis J. Panahin
Date of Report: 20 August 1957
Subject: Unidentified Flying Object

The report describes an incident where an unidentified flying object was observed by two male civilians in the vicinity of Claremont, California, on 16 August 1957.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book, dated July 6, 1957, regarding an unidentified sighting of an object near Claremont, California.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
1. Type and date of sighting:
a. Sighted by individual group of sighters.
b. Period of sighting: 30 July 1957 - 0200 to 0250 31 July 1957.
c. Light was brilliant, Day.
2. Location of observers: Parked cars on freeway.
3. Detailed information of all observers:
a. The report has been redacted, blocking out the names and other identifying details of the observers.
4. Weather and wind-drift conditions at time and place of sighting:
a. No clouds.
b. Wind direction and velocity not available.
c. Ceiling not available.
d. Visibility not available.
e. Amount of cloud cover not available.
5. Description of object(s):
a. Characteristic of object: Bright object, like a star, which appeared to move and to flash.
b. Apparent size: Size of dime at arm's length.
c. Number: 1.
d. Actions: Object claimed no possibility could be an aircraft because it was moving too slow and did not have flashing lights.
e. At time of sighting, the incident started, then was observed until 0250, 31 Jul 1957.
10. When sighting was at little lower attitude than object, just prior to disappearing from view, the Bl-47 was making one quick pass at it. The BL-47 was unable to catch up with the object. The object suddenly increased in speed and disappeared.
11. What actions, if any, were taken? None.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report.

AF FORM 112 - PART II
UNCLASSIFIED
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
1. Description of the Object:
a. Shape: Bright (colored) light, oval shape.
b. Size: Size of a car headlight and length.
c. Color: Dark (dark colored) body except for yellow to orange balls of light.
d. Number: One.
e. Formation: N/A.
f. Features or details: Constant glow (no flashing) and color. No tail, no observable exhaust, no protrusions. When it was observed, it looked like a point source, slightly fuzzy, with single violet, centrally located light.
g. Tail or trail: No tail or trail or smoke or exhaust from the object.
h. Sound: No sound that they can recall from either R-L7 or the object. They think it was noiseless.
i. Other: Extremely bright, caused shadows of observer and surrounding objects. 15,000 feet or less.
2. Description of course or object:
a. Origination: Robert Cassidy's residence, Claremont, California.
b. Speed: First slow and straight and suddenly accelerated and was out of sight. (second portion)
c. Course: Object was 15° to horizontal and north of observer at first sight. It climbed at a steep angle (near to vertical) and was traveling from N to S.  
d. Duration: Object was 15° to horizontal and west-northwest of observer when passing from sight. It was between 10 to 15 seconds duration.
e. Object proceeded until it was out of both eye and binocular vision.
f. Object was in sight for less time than their actual observation. Well it was long enough to thoroughly observe and study carefully in detail.
3. Manner of observation:
a. Ground-visual observation.
b. Binoculars and 10mm binoculars - 30 power magnification.
c. N/A.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report form from the Air Force.

AF FORM 112-PART II
AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
12. No physical evidence available.
FRANCIS G. PRESSLEY
Major, USAF, Combat Intelligence Division
Directorate of Intelligence

- page 5 -

