The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book, which was a systematic study of UFOs conducted by the United States Air Force.

OCR output:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6 MARCH 1957
2. LOCATION: Great Meadows, New Jersey
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
4. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: one minute
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: One object shaped like derby hat, size of basketball, color white, sound low growing sound. Brought to attention by passers-by. Objects not more than 30 ft high. Sighted about 5:45 P.M. in afternoon.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was a balloon. Probably balloon. Possibly balloon. Was Aircraft, Probably Aircraft. Was Astronomical, Probably Astronomical. Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation. No further information about these possibilities made.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

COVER SHEET DATE SUSPENSE 
ASSIGNED BY 
TYPE NO.:

UFO Letters ROUTING
ACTION,TO BE TAKEN, OR REQUIRED FOR COORDINATION, AND TO BE RETURNED TO ROUTING COPY OF COMPLETED
OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT AGAIN
OIN-1 
OPIC-A
OIN-3A

TO: APOIN-14A
FROM: APOIN-XIA
COMMENT: (IF LETTER) 

1. The attached letters are forwarded to you for action.

2. The letter from Mr.___ was handcarried to us from SAFIS. They feel that the legitimate writer was undergoing a letter deserves answering. It is requested that information on which to base a reply to Mr.___ letter be prepared and forwarded to SAFIS.

3. This office would like to be advised as to whether or not you have any information in your files on Mr.___'s.

4. As for the letter from Mr. ___', use your own judgement.

2 Incls
1. Ltr fr Mr._____ dtd 15 Apr 57 
2. Ltr fr Mr._____ dtd 15 Apr 57

AARON B. BOGGS 
Colonel, USAF
AFOIN-XIA

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force.

SUBJECT: UFO LETTERS
TO: AFOIN-4A 
FROM: AFOIN-4
DATE: 3 MAY 1957
COMMENT NR. 2

1. Attached is information and other pertinent data upon which to base a reply to Mr. XXXXXX letter. References will be by paragraph number.

2. This Center has no knowledge or record of the visits on 2 April with General XXXXX and Mr. XXXXX which Mr. XXXXX states General XXXXX informed him occurred. It is believed they may have interpreted in sessions visits. We feel certain that the Chief of the Air Force's Information Services is not cognizant that the Air Force UFO project was now and has been continuously active for the past ten years. 

3. Reference paragraph 3. Comment 1. This Center is in receipt of an Intelligence Report AF 112 in which Mrs. XXXXX reports a UFO, and includes a letter from Mr. XXXXX commenting on his wife's UFO sighting. There is insufficient data in this Intelligence Report upon which to form any valid conclusions. However, the data does indicate reports persistently by personnel of the area. Your attention is particularly invited to the summary at the end of the covering officer's regard the Warren County Area.

/s/
Major USAF
AFOIN-4ZA

- page 3 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an information sheet that discusses responses to letters regarding UFOs. The text on the sheet is as follows:

Information Sheet

Upon which to base a reply to letter dated 15 April from Mr. Each paragraph in subject letter has been given a pencilled number to facilitate reference to this sheet.

Par Ref

1. This Center has no knowledge regarding letters of 2 and 3 April, presumably on the subject of UFOs.

2. A full supporting data with pertinent analyses and conclusions, was submitted to your headquarters under the personal signature of Colonel John A. Burger under a request to this Center for an investigation. Reference ATIC message ESTO A4-155, dated 18 March 1957. Case file was transmitted to your office on 25 April 1955.

3. This Center has no knowledge or report of the UFO sighting in question.

4a. Statement is correct; however, if feasible, it should be suggested to Mr. --- that Project "Blue Book" Report Nr. 14, will be periodically brought up-to-date through additional findings in this field. No need for any special report is considered necessary, as addendum to this study will permit the general public to have a continuous picture from the UFO program's inception.

4b. JANAP and AFR 200-2 have never been classified SECRET. JANAP originally carried a RESTRICTED classification and AFR 200-2 carried a CONFIDENTIAL classification for a short while. Both were declassified by Presidential Directive Order Nr. 10501 soon thereafter. It does concern itself with responsibilities and procedures with regard to reporting sighting. However, there has been nothing in the UFO investigation that would be released to the public because of an unfortunate use of bad wording in the pertinent paragraph in AFR 200-2. This has been corrected in the proposed new AFR 200-2 recently submitted to your office.

4c. Project "Blue Book" Report Nr. 14, will be periodically brought up-to-date through additional findings in this field.

4d. It seems inconceivable, and highly improbable, that the alleged remark would be attributed the Chief of USAF Office of Information Services.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a historical United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page discusses the Air Force's position on UFO sightings, the role of the Aerial Phenomena Investigation Office (APIO), and the procedures and policies for investigating UFO reports. It also mentions that Project "Blue Book" is still monitored by ATIC (Air Technical Intelligence Center) and discusses the evaluation of UFO reports released to Headquarters USAF.

Transcription of the text found in the document:

In the opinion of this Center, the Air Force position in this matter should be firm and clear, as reflected in "Blue Book" Report Nr. 14 and the two APIO releases. However, care should be exercised not to place the Air Force in a position, where it may be misconstrued or misinterpreted, to be determining, by his individual's contemplated article in the "American Psychologist".

Reference ATIC report and case file, item 2 above.

The L4024 AISS is the prime UFO investigative organization. This organization includes both Air Defense Commands (see 7D messages in case file) conducted an investigation into this sighting. In view of fact that many agencies may be brought into play in any specific case, each unaware of the other's participation in the investigation, APIO is not well equipped to call or summon others to the APIO line was established.

Project "Blue Book" is still monitored by ATIC, but the name of the Project Officer is immaterial; as policy and high-level decisions do not originate with his office but with high level authority. The files, however, be sought for intelligence and investigative personnel, procedures and techniques. Certain data certain classified material. For example, a check into the reliability of a UFO observer and the circumstances surrounding his report may require certain highly classified information or documentary evidence related to the community are involved. The results of any authority given to specific persons to have access to these files is obvious.

The public and others have repeatedly misconstrued this as an indication of little the "real facts". 

This Center has no knowledge or any report concerning a UFO sighting by Senator Russell. Your attention is invited to a newspaper clipping, attached, in which Mr. Russell said that such a sighting had been made by someone in his office. This Air Force does not require comment. Any attempt to the effect that the Air Force has or can put such a restriction on any member of Congress does not require comment.

Project "Bear" is not known by this Center.

Evaluation of reports are released to Headquarters USAF in statistical form together with pertinent conclusions. The names of individuals, per se, are of little value, as factual, complete data is the objective. Any attempt to give a will result in tremendous task. In those few exceptions made, experience has shown that the conclusions given to the public and others have repeatedly misconstrued as an indication of little the "real facts".

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The image appears to be a blank page with some text describing the project procedures for reporting certain types of sightings.

are generally unacceptable to the observer, and in fact, often has added fuel to the controversy. Wr. Greer essentially is under the impression that CIRVIS (Communication Instructions for Reporting Vital Intelligence Sightings) is an extensive analytical study merely presents procedures for reporting certain types of sightings.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO document, specifically a letter from the Department of the Air Force dated May 16, 1957.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

16 May 1957

Dear Mr. ******,

As General ****** is no longer Director of Information Services, your letter on unidentified flying objects addressed to him for reply.

Reference the Pan American sighting in early March, this was investigated by the 4602nd AISS and several other investigating agencies. ALL concluded that Captain Van Hinkle's object was simply a mirage or fireball (see report). It is doubtful that any one made a perfunctory examination of the incident.

JANAP 146 and AFR 200-2 have never been classified as Secret. Both carry a restricted classification, while and were declassified as Confidential in 1954. The Air Force is considering publishing a revised AFR 200-2 which should eliminate much of the misunderstandings of the regulations.

The Air Force is planning to release Project BLUE BOOK Report #10 to the public. It will be the first time this has been done, It is being prepared to bring into the open the facts concerning Project BLUE BOOK and to demonstrate that the Air Force has a serious and continuous program for the analysis of UFO reports. The Air Force wishes to have the public fully informed on this entire subject.

It is merely a procedure for reporting certain types of sightings, and not an admission that there is anything unusual or unexplainable about them. Before your sighting can be taken up by the Air Technical Intelligence Center a report should be submitted on it personally. Without the details of the specific sighting, the Air Force has no knowledge of this.

For your letter, but it is to the Air Technical Intelligence Center that we must go to get the information.

Sincerely,

TIM DUFF
Major, USAF
Chief, Magazine & Book Branch
Office of Information Services

Mr. Winegar Shooting Preserve
Washington, New Jersey

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report. It contains a partially obscured document header that reads "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT", indicating this is a military intelligence report. However, there is no photograph or image within the document itself that I can describe.

As an OCR system, I will now transcribe the visible text from the document:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
MAY 27 1957
1295742

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Air Intelligence Information Report 
Case 2300-200, Report no. 1
Reported by: Rev. Jerome A. Quinlan
Concerning the Object:
a. Description of the Object: Derby Hat
b. Size: 30 Feet 
c. Color: Greyish White
d. Altitude: Approx. 3000 Ft.
e. Numbers: None (1)
f. Maneuver: Sea Enell No. 1 
g. Speed: Slow
h. Sound: Low growling sound
i. Misc.: None

2. Description of course of object:
a. Appeared to the observer by the parting of dusk
b. Angle of elevation upon disappearance: Vertically and slightly North East
c. Description of flight path: Flew slightly NE
d. Duration: Unknown
e. Time of sighting: Unknown

3. Unusual phenomena observed:
a. Ground visual: None
b. Optical effects: N/A

4. Time and date of sighting: Date time and date: March 6, 1957

5. Light conditions: Day

6. Identifying Informations:
a. Civilian, mail address, occupation: Paul J. Gregory
(1) Name: Unknown
(2) Age: Unknown
(3) Civilian Components: Witness, Resident, Great Meadows, New Jersey.
b. Military: N/A

7. Weather and wind-report conditions:
a. Weather: Conditions: Clear, wind low overcast.
b. Visibility: Excellent
c. Cloud cover: Overcast

8. In other unusual activity or conditions: None

9. Location of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting: Negative

10. Disposition of physical evidence: Field Drawing (Office Copy), Date No. 3, Negative

- page 9 -

The image contains a photograph depicting a "Derby Hat" shaped UFO hovering low over a field, with shimmering ray(s) below it. The text below the image describes the event as occurring on March 6 in Warren County, New Jersey. It states that the object was a "white UFO (shaped like a Derby Hat) hovering low over a field, with shimmering ray(s) below it".

Text from the document:

"March 6-Warren County, W.New Jersey--2pm--Huge white UFO (shaped like a Derby Hat) hovering low over a field, with shimmering ray(s) below it.

Dear sirs:

This is to inform you that on the above mentioned date, at the above mentioned time, I saw an unusual aerial object which I believe to be of extra-terrestrial origin.

My wife and I were out for a drive in the country when we noticed this large, white, disk-shaped object hovering low over a field. As we watched, it appeared to emit a shimmering ray or beam of light from the center of the underside of the craft.

We would estimate the object to have been approximately 60-75 feet in diameter, and it appeared to be hovering at an altitude of around 200-300 feet above the field. It remained stationary for several minutes before suddenly accelerating in a horizontal direction and disappearing from sight.

While I realize that reports of UFO sightings are often dismissed or discounted, I can assure you that what my wife and I saw was very real and quite remarkable. We are both level-headed, rational individuals who have no history of being prone to exaggeration or fabrication. This was a genuinely unusual aerial phenomena that we feel compelled to report.

I would be most interested to learn if any other similar sightings were reported in the area around that time. Any information or feedback you can provide would be greatly appreciated.

Sincerely,
[REDACTED]"

- page 10 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an excerpt from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Affidavit
Even at the risk of being called hysterical, or worse, I feel I must make record, on my oath as a woman, an American, and a member of the human race, of the following:

That I saw an airborne object which bore no resemblance to any aircraft, helicopter or balloon ever made by man, so far as I know.

That I was in full possession of my senses and my sanity at the time, and at all during the time of my seeing this object, which lasted for at least one minute. 

That I saw the object at a distance of not more than 150 yards, at about an 80 degree angle from the horizon. It was a perfect sphere, suspended in the air, and then from out in the back yard of our home on the road from Great Meadows to Hope, New Jersey.

That the weather was clear under a low overcast, and the object remained stationary, aside from the fact that at times it appeared to be expanding from a point to a disc, and at times decreasing to a point again, with concentrated effort to beware and remember every detail.

That my attention was first drawn to the object's presence by our dogs barking in their pens behind the house, and it was their looking upward which attracted my looking upward, where I continued to do so steadily until the object disappeared.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report describing an observation of an unidentified flying object.

Text from the document:

That so far in horizontal diameter,above a slightly curled-up "pear" that extended outward for 12 or 13 feet from the bottom of the main or inner ring and about 10 feet high or wide,possibly about 50 feet total,it may be called oval smoothly and completely,in a gentle curve,with no signs of ports or windows or vents of any kind,of which I could see none anywhere else on the entire object.

That ,in the absence of any openings in it,I could see no beings,persons,or creatures,into the object sliding,just the sides who might be operating and riding in it,and no crew or passengers were visible on the object's exterior during its visit.

That the color of the object,all over,was a uniform white,dull but clean,with no spots,striai,or other markings whatever. Its texture was apparently non-reflective but like a fine-grained pipe clay.

That a moderate breeze,from the northeast I think,was blowing in which the object hovered quite stationary except for a gentle rocking motion,like a boat at anchor on water. As the object rocked and fell irregularly.

That beneath the object,extending vertically toward the ground,I seemed to see,and then not see,and then was again,a lot of streamers or lines or some material(or force) that twinkled like the fragile sprays of tinsel on a Christmas tree.

That without any marked change of sound except a soft rush of air,sucking away and not blowing toward me,the object abruptly ascended almost vertically,northeasterly,as it increased speed into the entire lost contour(contour 3.0 feet up) and was instantly gone.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting report.

Transcribed text:

March 6, 1957 - On Wednesday, March 6, 1957, at about 7:30 p.m. Mrs. Corning, saw an unidentified flying object over the Jenny Jump ridge in Warren County, New Jersey, and the house, on the eastern slope of the Jenny Jump ridge. The object is situated on the eastern slope of the Jenny Jump ridge, in Warren County, western New Jersey, and the house, and the house on the slopes, commands a glorious view from the rear of the Great Meadows Valley, to the east.

On the day in question, the sky was overcast, with a ceiling that grazed the 1100-foot summits of the Jenny Jumps. Mrs. Corning was talking on the phone when she heard the rumbling made by this "thing" hovering over the field behind their home in the back yard. Hanging up, she went into the den to see what was disturbing them - as the witness had been wary and disturbed before, she had already tuned in his radio and switched it on hoping to hear some static or other sign of disturbance, but there was no such evidence. She then went out through a breach in the fence, looking out through the den window, which faces the east, to see what this object disturbed in the corner of the field closest to the adjacent fields, and hovering over this field, somewhat to her left and about 10 to 15 above the ground, was the object, which was approximately spherical in shape and changing size. Mrs. Corning immediately ran to the phone.

The shape of the object closely resembled a huge derby hat, with a rounded dome-like crown 30 to 40 feet high and at least 50 to 60 feet in horizontal diameter, above a slightly conically tapering shaft 12 to 15 feet on each sloping side, and completely in a gentle curve, with no holes or ports or windows or vents of any kind.

"The color of the object was a uniform white, dull but clear, with no spots, stripes, or markings, and reminded me strongly of pipe clay."

The object was hovering almost stationary over the field. The witness described a gentle rocking motion, but right to left unlike a boat at anchor in the water. At the same time, she heard a low "growling, or rumbling" noise coming from the direction of the object; this noise rose and fell in cadence.

Underneath the base of the object was a continual display of shimmering, wavery "lines" or "rays" that extended vertically almost to the ground. The effect was almost an illusion of intense heat waves on a roadway. The witness was impressed that there might be some sort of "light ray" was not nearly as well defined as Christmas tree "lights" or "rays" that shimmered rapidly downward toward the ground and then disappeared, immediately reappearing elsewhere with such rapidity that it gave an impression of more than one object or such "rays".

Mrs. Corning watched this thing for a total of fully 5 minute. Abruptly, then, the object rose almost vertically into the sky with a slightly northeasterly slant, at an "intense rate of speed." As it rose from the field, she heard.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book archives, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

"I saw the object for about an hour and a half at the time from New York City. I saw it while I was standing in the city. As this instance when I returned from my work to the home of my husband at the time. I called the people in Fuller detail when I joined him at 7:30 that evening standing in the city. As this the instance's light that evening indicated its account and answered many questions which would bring back the some of them at the presence of M.S. at 13 West Street, N.Y.C. I told my students / to several other friends in the next three days (March 7, 8 and 9) ,but I did no formal report to any authorities, pending a final verdict. The evening of March 9, my husband and I were visited by two persons, whose identity, circumstances with which they claimed some connection with us, interesting us. But [REDACTED] and his wife were 'away for a few days, resting', according to the woman who answered their telephone. She was unwilling to get in touch with the persons by long-distance phone unless we were to tell her who we were. This we did not do, and we have not subsequently heard from them."

- page 14 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:
"a soft, rush of air, sucking away and not blowing toward me." During its ascent the base of the object remained horizontal to the ground, and Hrs. 1" ------m" did not see any vertical spinning or rocking of any kind through which the object might have come. The object rose directly through the overcast clouds just above the mountain tops. The dogs stopped barking.

At the time of her sighting, Mrs. --------m" and her husband was in New York City; he called her a short time after the incident and told her what had transpired. She told him that evening in the city. At his insistence I later that evening repeated my account. And Mrs. --------m" confirmed that what I had told him was still fresh in her memory, at the home and in the presence of Mr. and Mrs. --------m" of New York City. 1 told it to him exactly as I have set it down here. 

Mrs. --------am" was referred to GSI through the good offices of ----------. On March 21, for official observation under favorable conditions. It proved to be very kindly went over the details of the observation carefully and again. It proved she could be the substantial evidence of the observation. The "brim" was formed by a dead tree on the border -- on the far side of the field, while the right sight moved up the object was framed by a pile of dead undergrowth. It paced the distance between the two landmarks and found it to be 40 long-legged paces -- 120 feet. The object was approximately 180 yards off. Mrs. --------m" told very accurately the dimensions as observed by her at eye-level (as the field slopes downward and to the left, the object was lower on higher ground than the part of the field where she was standing). The top of the object as seen from the yard rose above the tops of the mountain ranges to the north.

(This is one of the most detailed and definite sightings that has ever been reported to the ---------- and the possible probation of an authentic cause cannot be immediately excluded. It is always necessary, of course, to consider the possibilty of delusion, and in this connection it is found that --- was known to be a sober and respectable person, not likely to be urged by the hunger clains whose falsity has soon detected. His wife's exception and one may think of the "H.G.O." episode. However, in the judgment of the persons were serious and, engaged in this comprehensive literature could convince a fashion. It seems unquestionable that certain observed features of this are very unusual and at that time the background necessary to invent this, and our present feeling is that it should be accepted as a perfectly genuine and extremely informative observation of an artifical construction which obvious did not originate on this planet.)

- page 15 -

