There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a Project 10073 record card that contains a detailed description of a sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

The text in the record card is as follows:

1. DATE: 6 APR 53
2. LOCATION: Midway Island, Pacific Ocean
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 25/1800Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D Ground-Radar
5. SOURCE: G Air-Visual
6. DURATION: 30 mins
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 mins
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: The object was about the size of a volleyball, blush-white in color, and was traveling an estimated 600 mph. It first appeared blush-white, then to a navy blue color. There appeared to be a small light on the object. The object moved slowly inbound and then rapidly outbound.
11. COMMENTS: Possibly balloon w/running lights.

The record card provides a detailed description of the UFO sighting, including its size, color, speed, and movement. The concluding remark suggests that the object was possibly a balloon with running lights.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a document containing a table of data.

DECODED TEXT FROM THE IMAGE:

SUBJ: MIDWAY ISLANDS, PACIFIC OCEAN

1. THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION WAS OBTAINED FROM LT COL EBERLINE, AF ASSISTANT REGIONAL OFFICER, HAWAII, WHO OBTAINED IT FROM PACIFIC AIR OPERATIONS CENTER:

CLOUD COVERAGE: 0/10
WIND DIRECTION: VARIABLE
WIND VELOCITY: 15-20
TEMP: APPROX. MEAN 70F

ALTITUDE  VELOCITY 
5000 FT    150 MPH
6000 "     200
7000 "     220
8000 "     240
9000 "     270
10,000"     280
12,000"     310
14,000"     330
16,000"     340
18,000"     350

(CLASSIFIED)
J. R. ATWATER
Captain, USAF
Author Service Officer

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, specifically from the U.S. Naval Station on Midway Island in the Pacific Ocean, dated May 12, 1958.

U.S. NAVAL STATION
NAVY 3089 (THREE ZERO EIGHT ZERO)
CO FLEET POST OFFICE
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA

12 MAY 1958

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Sighting

REPORT: (1) Descriptive of object: A bright object observed early evening hours of 8 May 1958, estimated time 1930 to 2030 hours, local time.
(2) Position of observer: Naval Station, Midway Island, Pacific Ocean.
(3) Course or direction of movement: Object appeared to be stationary for a short period of time then started gradually moving in a northwesterly direction.
(4) Speed of movement: Slow when compared to aircraft.
(5) Time object was in sight: Approximately 1 hour.
(6) Weather conditions: Slight haze, clear sky.
(7) Comments or additional remarks: (1) White brilliant light (2) Round in shape (3) Reported by various persons at Naval Station (4) Length of observation and white color suggests aircraft, possibly satellite observation.

PFIC0-A
AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE OFFICE, HQ PACAF, APO 953

TO: Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, W-P AFB Ohio

Forwarded for your information.

JOHN A. GAMOH, Jr.
1st Ind
28 May 58

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. NAVAL STATION
NAVY 3080 (THREE ZERO EIGHT ZERO)
6258 Fleet Post Office
San Francisco, California

Descriptive data of unidentified flying objects.

1. Description of the object:
a. Shape - round
b. Size - about the size of a basketball or grapefruit
c. Color - first appeared to have a greenish-white color, changing to a dull gray-blue color
d. Unusually bright

e. Formation - none

f. No audible or visible propulsion or details about that aspect that could be determined.

g. Do trail or exhaust

h. No sound heard

i. Unusual feature: The object came from a direction other than that reported for a previous sighting by aircraft personnel, and it disappeared in the opposite direction of the first sighting.

2. Description of the course of the object:
a. The object was first sighted about 1000 yards from the station. It approached the station at a very high rate of speed, slowing down as it neared the station. It then made a sharp left turn and departed at high speed in a direction opposite to its approach.

b. The elevation of the object was about 20 degrees above the horizon from the station.

c. The object was observed for about 20 to 30 seconds.

d. There were no clouds in the sky at the time.

e. The object appeared to be several hundred feet in altitude.

f. There was no wind at the time.

g. The weather was clear, visibility excellent.

h. No other objects were observed at the same time.

i. The object did not leave any trail or exhaust.

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image.

U.S. NAVAL STATION
NAVY 4080 (THIRD ZERO LIGHT ZERO)
San Francisco, California
May 13, 1958
1. The object was first observed at 1850 (6:50 PM) local time on 11 April 1958 over Midway Island in the Pacific Ocean. The duration of the sighting was approximately 5 minutes.
2. Description of object:
a. Shape - The object was observed to be round or elliptical in shape.
b. Size - The object appeared to be approximately 3-4 times larger than the largest star in the sky.
c. Color - The object was bright white in color.
d. Behavior - The object was observed to move in a straight line at a high rate of speed. It was also observed to make a 90 degree turn and move in a straight line again.
e. 23125/32 April 1958 / 1-30-4 = 0752
f. Altitude
5. Location of observer
a. RAWIN radar island station, Midway Island. Longitude 177 degrees 22 feet.
6. Identifying information of observers
a. JOHN E. BRITTAIN, ATC, USN, Operations - Aviation Facility, Midway Island.
b. JOHN J. LOUDEN, AT3, USN, Operations - Aviation Facility, Midway Island.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the U.S. Naval Station in San Francisco, California, related to Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. NAVAL STATION
NAVY SECTION UTILITY FLIGHT ZERO
San Francisco, California

Time: 2030/3
Date: 22 Mar 59
Incident: Sighted unidentified aerial vehicle
Position: Midway Island, Pacific Ocean
Time: 0235/4 (Local)
Altitude: 0350 (Local)
Speed: 0244 (Local)
Bearing: 0225 (Local)
Duration: 0233 (Local)
Remarks: Aircraft sighted by three officers at Midway Island during routine watch. Craft appeared to be cigar-shaped and exhibited no visible means of propulsion. It was larger than a jet fighter and traveling at a speed estimated to be 3 to 4 times faster than any known jet aircraft. The craft was witnessed for approximately 3 to 4 minutes before disappearing from view. No sound was heard and no lights were visible. The object was observed to be maneuvering erratically, with abrupt changes in direction and speed. I cannot identify the light or object sighted. I have known errors in the past to occur with human sighting and have seen objects in the sky that later proved to be natural phenomena. It is my considered opinion, however, that this sighting represents something out of the ordinary. I believe whoever was responsible for this report should not accept something unless it was true. To do so would be irresponsible. The object in the aircraft was, in the opinion of those who witnessed it, highly unusual and warranted further investigation.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with handwritten text.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

25 April 1958

At approximately 9:30X on 25 April 1958, I woke up to give the baby her bottle, which I had forgotten to do. I glanced out my bedroom window and looked, for the first time, at the night sky. I then saw an object that appeared to be a bright object or light, like a very bright searchlight, moving across the road from the houses. I thought that it might be another searchlight, and I looked at it again. It then appeared to ascend a bright bluish-white light in the sky behind the street lamp. I thought that it was the landing lights or wing lights up the wing lights and about to land in some clear area near the house. I then realized of a parachute had opened and as the light moved away I saw that the light was apparently extinguished. I then caught a glimpse of a parachute, which I did not have on my glasses. I am rather near-sighted and have astigmatism and should wear my glasses. After watching the light for several minutes I noted the time as 0435X.

I notified the light unusual and decided to have a single experiment to see if the light was moving. I placed my eyes on one of the vertical cloth strips of the Venetian blinds and I saw the light moving slightly, first one way and then the other. I could distinctly see the light with one eye and the light with the other. After a couple of minutes the light appeared to go out. I then determined that the light had shifted several times to the right and the left of its original position. I watched the light until approximately 0440X, at which time I heard my wife crying and talking to her in her sleep. I returned to our bedroom window to watch the object, but it had disappeared.

As soon as I returned to the bedroom, I told my wife what I had seen but she wanted to sleep. My spouse wanted to call the police but I decided not to do so, feeling certain that the report would be dismissed casually. It was approximately 0445X when I returned to the baby's room to watch the object. It did not reappear. After several minutes I went back to our bedroom. The object did not appear again.

The light was a steady bluish-white color like some (fluorescent lights) I have seen. There appeared to be no distinctive marks or other light on the shape in the sky. The circumstances of the light gave an impression of some type of aircraft moving silently across the island and almost ready to disappear over the horizon. As approximately 0455X I could no longer see the light, which was again plain readily. As a second-lieutenant at USAF I could not even begin to explain what type of aircraft or other object I had observed moving across the island. I appeared close to the right side and even with the top of the street light. The movement was different from any aircraft I had ever seen. The light together "marked" on the right, appeared and disappeared but stayed approximately 5 to 10 seconds after the cycle was repeated. It was about 15 seconds or less between cycles when the light was completely blacked out.

The object appeared at about 0430X and was visible until about 0455X. I estimated the distance as 1 to 2 miles away from my quarters. The installation of the light went it disappeared over the horizon. The installation of the light went it disappeared over the horizon. The installation of the light went it disappeared over the horizon. I estimated the total duration of the sighting as to be about 0425X to 0455X, or about 30 minutes in length. I have no other explanation for what I saw. It was unlike any aircraft I have ever seen. The light was not fixed, but moved in a smooth, steady manner quite different from any maneuvering I have witnessed of aircraft I am familiar. The circumstances of the speed, altitude, and manner of the light gave an impression of a structured aerial craft of some kind, but I am unable to identify or classify it as any known or probable aircraft.

- page 7 -

This image does not contain a photograph. Instead, it shows a handwritten report or description of a UFO sighting.

Extracted text from the document:

I was stationed aboard when they passed over the large light. They sort of find themselves lowered intensity. I turned it off when I was to get my lessons. The only outside lights were being flashing beacons.
Zorology did not have a weather balloon up in the area, nor did I notice any.
I would not have noticed this object except for the first brilliant flash. The clouds or stars unusual circumstances noted. I do not want to take the time to get dressed for fear that I might miss something. It did not notify anyone at the time of the incident.
Due to the peculiar movements of the little lights, the following shape has been entered to it

John P. Totten
AD #2 277-30-63, USN

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document.

Transcribing the text in the document:

April 39, 1958

A fenny A. Wendt, Lt. U.S.N. now on the 35th day of operation between 0900 & 1600 and 0830 and 1200, have been in that highlighted segment of the coast line on Midway Island when I observed the following:

Between 1300 and 1400 hours, I was sitting on my usual observing post, when I sighted a dark object coming in from the southwest, traveling relatively slow and very low. The object appeared to be round or elliptical in shape, and of a dark color. As it approached Midway, it appeared to be maintaining a constant altitude of approximately 300 feet above the terrain. As it passed over the island, it did not deviate from its course, and it continued on for a distance of approximately 5 to 6 miles before it disappeared from sight over the horizon to the northeast.

I immediately called the control tower and reported the sighting. I can say without reservation that the object I observed did not appear to be any type of aircraft with which I am familiar. It is my opinion that this object was not of this earth.

Lts. A. A. Rauch, P. A. Harris, U.S.N., are witnesses to this report.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text. I will now produce the text found in the document:

Robert D. Braunhaut

The object that we saw I believe was nothing but a cloud and anything by itself was unrelated.

- page 10 -

