The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book files.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 10-7-58
2. LOCATION: XENIA, OHIO
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [X] Ground-Radar  [ ] Air-Visual
5. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes  [X] No
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 MIN
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: TWO
9. COURSE: 1 to 17
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: TWO PINPOINTS OF LIGHT, BRIGHTER THAN STAR W/BLUE CAST, FLASHING TOGETHER.
11. COMMENTS: Flight Test had two a/c out testing anti-collision lights. One or both of these a/c is probably what was sighted.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with summary data.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write a description of the event that you observed. You may re-state information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any additional information that you believe are important. Try to present the facts as nearly the same as the observation in the order in which they occurred, and indicate if they are incomplete or uncertain.

Observer reported two extremely bright and star-like objects moving at a very high rate of speed as observed at 12:30 these objects were about the size of a nickel held at arm's length together, diminishing somewhat in brightness along the sky and disappearing into the Southwest. The objects were observed for about 60-90 seconds.

The time of observation was estimated by 10:00 or 10:30.

- page 2 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document. The text on the page appears to be a handwritten report or commentary discussing a UFO sighting or incident.

Transcription of the text in the document:

500 Comment:
A close study of the incidents related in the report to be concluded that there was a recurring explanation for the reported phenomena. The duration of the sighting (23:00) and the length of time from the sighting to the receipt of the report No information was determined.

H.C. Dudley
500

Conclusions:
This report, W.ADC, SAID this event disturbing anti-Christian fighter organization at 18:30 + date was that at 1949, or while conducting practice Negro-class ships, at worst suspect them, fighting demand under conditions carefully.

07 Dec 85
(NC Light)

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned copy of a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, likely from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

Transcribed text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as completely as you can. This information will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this persons' information as they, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further questioning.

1. When did you see the object? 6-18-58

2. Time of day: 15 minutes (Circle One): A.M.

3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Xenia, Ohio 

Additional remarks: Back yard with neighbor observing

5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 15 minutes

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very certain d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

This document appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The image shows a page with various questions and checkboxes for the observer to fill out regarding their sighting of a UFO or unidentified object.

The text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. Fewer
c. Same
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. One mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One) a. Solid b. Metallic c. Transparent?

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 5 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch of an object, specifically an arrow showing the direction of movement. There is no photographic image present in this document page.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - 
b. Color - Bright red, diamond shape

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
Other: Moderate

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

See 17

The OCR output for the text in the document is:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound -
b. Color - Bright red, diamond shape

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
Other: Moderate

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

See 17

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
Marked from east to west, no change in altitude.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
Two hundred feet

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand?
(Circle One): 
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime 
e. Half dollar

 f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following) Indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Very sure b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Just passed out of sight.

24. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you would construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? If it were large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Except for the size, this appeared somewhat like a standard fuel tank from a jet aircraft, except that it had no visible markings, rivets, or external fittings of any kind. Its surface seemed smooth and metallic, somewhat similar to stainless steel. The fact that it passed at high speed with no apparent means of propulsion or control, and that it was so large, was what gave it an unusual appearance.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a series of questions and answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

OCR text output:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In an open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Driving from Yellow Springs 22 miles east toward Xenia. My wife noticed the object in the sky, I stopped the car, and we watched it for 10 mins. It seemed to be stationary over the fields.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? 45 miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
a. Yes
b. No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast 
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East 
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was above or below the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _35_ degrees.
b. From horizon _30_ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _270_ degrees. 
b. From horizon _15_ degrees.

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present, but rather two illustrations.

The first illustration shows a curved line to represent the horizon (skyline) and an object above it. The instructions ask the viewer to imagine that they are at the point shown as "A" and to place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when they first saw it.

The second illustration shows two larger sketches. The larger sketch on the left depicts a road with buildings and trees on either side, with a person standing in the middle. The smaller sketch on the right shows a distant landscape with mountains. The instructions ask the viewer to place an "A" at the position where the object was first seen, and a "B" at the position where it was later seen, to complete the larger sketch.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form-style document with checkboxes and handwritten responses. 

34. CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember  

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry, mist, or light rain
b. Moderate or heavy rain
c. Drizzle
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Month _ Year _ 

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes - No
36.1 (IF you answered YES, did they see the object tool 
(Circle One) Yes - No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
_________________

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes - No
37.1 (IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones? ____________________________________________________________________

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
No data

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Approx. 1,200 M.P.H. 

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job? Resident Manager at Hotel Green
Age: 27
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school ______
b. High school _____
c. College ______
d. Post graduate __ NONE ___
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 
Day 7  Month Oct Year 58

- page 11 -

