The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card with details about a sighting of a meteor.

Text extracted from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: September 7, 1958
2. LOCATION: Derwood, Maryland
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 2915/0230Z & 25/1025Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar, Air-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 secs., 1 hr. 
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: TWO
8. COURSE: Stationary
9. COMMENTS: Investigation revealed that the meteor sighting was part of the same sight. This meteor is carried on a separate case and was viewed as far away as Indiana & Penn. The additional light on a nearby barn.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
Pet 10, 1958th Air Intel Serv Sq
Andrews AFB, WASH 25, D.C.
No precipitation, 85 degrees F. temperature.
This was the first time SOURCE had seen an object like this. He had no idea as to its identity.
Estimated speeds: 250 to 300 knots.
Estimated distance from object to observer: ten (10) to fifteen (15) miles west.
He had attended CAA and military control tower operator schools. In addition, he evaluations. 
Sgt Piwonaski was quiet reserved individual. He appeared not to have any preconceived ideas as to what he had seen but merely stated the facts as they occurred at the time and who made the observation from the same vantage point. His present status on duty as a weather observer in the Andrews AFB control tower.

a. Name: PIWONASKI, Gregory W.
b. Rank: A/3c
c. Serial Number: AP 11290689
d. Organization: Det 2, 4th Weather Group, Andrews AFB, Wash 25, D.C.
A weather interviewer believes that the phenomenon described above was caused by a meteoric disturbance.

XI. ADDITIONAL OBSERVATIONS:
One of the officers, 1/Lt's SPRUNGS and ISHERLAND, who were together at the time, also observed the object from the control tower. The color of the object was definitely yellow according to the officers.

Georgetown University Observatory reports several telephone calls from persons who saw an object over Washington, D.C. They believed the object was a meteorite.

b. The US Naval Observatory, at Washington, D.C., reports no sighting.

CONCLUDED AT 2 YEAR INTERVAL.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically Report No. 326th Air Intel Serv Sq, dated Dec 20-UFO-1-59.

The text on the document is as follows:

XII. COMMANDER'S COMMENTS:

The investigation was conducted by experienced investigators who tried to explore all possible sources of information. The conclusions reached are considered to be definite.

/s/ Ralph H. Alderton
Colonel, USAF
Commander, 1006th AISS

UNCLASSIFIED

There are no other notable details or text present in the document image provided.

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram or sketch, but there is no photograph present. Based on the text overlay, this appears to be an overlay or map of some kind, possibly related to a UFO sighting or report.

INCL #1 
OVERLAY ON AERIAL
SHEETS 3522 H M 6 4322 H M
SCALE 1:25,000

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, possibly related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting or report.

The text in the image is as follows:

39°12'30"N/77°00"00"W
RADAR PT
ROCKY ER
OOO BE 1 LIGHT
EVQ
PASSE WE
COURSE

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

RESULTS OF FIELD INVESTIGATION

Interviews from personnel at the scene of the case were conducted in the investigation. It was pointed out that witnesses had been pre-informed of the intent of the interview and views to narrow down the search area were conducted by Sgts from the local police department and the report was completed at the suggestion of the commanding officer of the local district headquarter. It was stated that no one could recall the exact direction as the given azimuth was and that no one observed the aerial phenomena. Although this was said to make an estimation of the direction of flight was not possible and that the sighting was of a short duration and was not observed further than the initial sighting. It was decided to conceal identities of the statements already noted, it was described as normal duty hours. Set 30/10/58 at 1940 hour on guard duty at the site, Sgt was instructed to observe the light from the same vantage point as Sgt. The light was observed and was described as being bright white in color, strobing, and pulsing in intensity. The light was observed for approximately 20 minutes. After which the light was no longer visible from the vantage point. A little to the left of the plotted azimuth as the same direction the light was seen according to the statement. The group of trees could not be seen and it was stated that the trees could not be seen a little to the left of the azimuth. The light was of a probable farm house, as an increase light along the azimuth was the most conclusive indication. The group of trees through which the light was shining could be seen, and the strobing and pulsing effect was the most pronounced indication of a possible farm house light.

- page 6 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report.

CITY had faded completely in the almost fully developed daylight. the course of action taken was interview. He stated that he had not observed anything in the sky prior to 0932P 28 Sep. 58 he was outside the barn milking his cows. he had just finished this chore when, looking out through the barn door, he observed an object, which he could actually describe as the shape of an automobile tire or a doughnut, about 200 yards from the barn, he is certain that the object rose out of a small hill behind the barn, and shot into the sky at a high rate of speed, and at an angle which could actually carry it out of sight in a matter of a few seconds. the witness had always been of an analytical, thoughtful type and his account is considered reliable. (he had a number of years of military service recalled). Two (2) additional sources were checked in order to narrow down the search area after this report. one source was the owner of FM (391-7700) WAPIK and one quarter 1/2 miles sw of DAMASCUS, MD., (391-7/7127). he stated that he had been listening to the news and had not observed anything unusual at the time stated by the witness. the owner stated that he was positive he had not seen any aerial phenomena at the location at the time were the incident made unless that the ground winds in the area at the time were

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document is as follows:

UFO is a Reflection From Are Probably Cones of some Source of Light They Appear in Empty Space, According to the Washington Post of October 2, 1948.

The article discusses "cunarlan tenderness and flavor" and does not appear to contain any information about UFOs or Project Blue Book.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, with typewritten text describing an incident that occurred on September 29th in Derwood, Maryland. The text mentions that an unidentified flying object was observed, with the Air Force claiming it was reflecting light from a nearby power company. The text also notes that the sighting took place around that time.

On Sept. 29th two Army men stationed at the nike base near Derwood, Maryland, noticed an object in the sky and claim: it looked like a parachute with a blue light in the center. With a field glass, they observed it for about 15 minutes, the Air Force claims: this was light reflecting from a nearby power company, however, that the sighting took place was at that time.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page of text describing a case report from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

The Role of Unusual Coincidence 

Analogous unlikely coincidences account for many flying saucer reports. The frequency that encourages the misinterpretation and exaggeration of the particular time or place at which the phenomenon appears, or the kind of weather, the experience, physical state, or mood of the observer, his awareness of a certain fact, or any combination of circumstances. 

A fairly simple case of this type was the reported landing of a spacecraft near an Army barracks (often referred to in earlier publications as the "Nike site") of Maryland, which occurred before dawn on the morning of September 29, 1958. The sergeant on duty that morning awoke shortly before 4:25 A.M. and started to the barracks to waken the troops. The sky was clear, with a brilliant white object hovering round like a brother with a searchlight, and the west wind stirred. The object rose up toward the north and south, and then made off to the west. Before the sergeant had reached the barracks, the object had disappeared. Hurrying around the south side of the mess hall to rouse the western horizon, he observed a very bright white, pulsing, oval-shaped object flying at ground level, apparently about five miles west. He ran to the north to keep the object in view, and watched as it flew to the west, after being in view about two seconds. 

Air Force Investigators arrived that afternoon. They had already received many reports that a brilliant fireball had flashed through the sky at 4:55 A.M. and had been observed by many witnesses in the area between Washington, D.C. and Baltimore, Maryland, but no fireball could account for the ground light. The next morning at 5:15 A.M. a fluctuating light was observed at the same place and was studied through daylight till it disappeared, when it could be seen only from the west side of the mess hall, and one step to the right or left would hide it from the observer. Travelling toward the north, the light disappeared, but a dairy barn a mile or more away and on a direct line of sight from the place the UFO had been observed. On one side of the barn was a scorched spot and a small crater. Some investigators felt that, considering the farmer, they were with a white reflector, still turning, as the fluttering object had been observed, that until recently the light had been turned on and off, and had learned that recently the light had been burned out and had broken down to illuminate. The only light it needed to milk his cows. With the shorter days of autumn, however, he had needed the light and had to operate it before. On the morning of the sighting, he had turned on the light a few minutes before the sergeant had noticed it.

Thus several unrelated factors had combined to produce the illusion of a landed space vehicle: 1) only a week earlier, newspapers had reported many brilliant fireball observations in the sky, 2) the bright stationary light near the farm, 3) the scorched spot and crater beside the barn, could be attributed to the landing, and 4) the sergeant's surprise at seeing an unfamiliar light in the area before dawn was the final element that crystallized this report.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographic content. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD 
8 October 1958

Sergeant Locknane, Detachment Commander of the 1001st Air Base Wing, Andrews AFB, called and stated that a reconnaissance of a site near Derwood, Md., had reported an UFO sighting.

Lieutenant Dempsay also said that two airmen in the Control Tower sighted an UFO which was described as hovering, and which operations had dispatched a 51-11 to investigate.

Approximately one hour later, Dempsay called to further relate that the object was still observed and that it seemed to be "dipping down" periodically. It was further stated that workmen near these facilities claimed to have seen several large, orange colored trucks. 

We received no queries.

The matter was noted until the night of October 6th, on that night, I read in the final edition of the Washington "Star" on page 6 there was a 2-column story about a UFO sighting near Derwood, Maryland.

After reading the "Star" account, I called Lt. Dempsay concerning the above article, He had no further details to furnish since the sight-ing was witnessed only by the airmen in the Control Tower operations.

In the spirit of AFR 200-2 (para. 9) which reads: "Sightings may be re-leased to the public or other government agencies by the commander of the Air Force Base concerned only after it has been positively identified as a familiar or a known object." The details that I obtained shall in my opinion be limited to this type of information.

I called the "Post" and talked to the duty officer concerning their UFO story to confirm if I had a few more details which might lend a bit of light to the subject.

WILLIAM J. LOCKNANE, MAJOR, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Division
Chief of Information Services

- page 11 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no visible photograph or image on this page. The text on the page appears to be an "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" detailing a UFO sighting in Maryland, USA on September 29, 1958.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Maryland, USA
29 Sep 58
SUBJECT: UFO Sightings in Maryland, 29/29/58
SUMMARY: This report contains the results of all investigative efforts made on subject UFO sightings together with statements of all persons concerned in the sightings.

I. SUMMARY: This report contains the results of all investigative efforts made on subject UFO sighting together with statements of all persons concerned in the sightings.

II. DISTRIBUTION: USAF only.

III. CREDIT LINE: Captain Robert F. Gaughran, (10/29/58), ANG, 175th Ftr-Intrcp Sq, Baltimore, Md.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a typed document or report. Let me proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

TO: Major Ralph Albridge, Commander
 R.D. #10, JOCB-S, AF, USAF
Boiling Air Force Base
Maryland

This memorandum for record of 8 October 1959, concerning the UFO account of 29 September, is attached.

These facts were given a member of the fourth estate in accordance with AFR 200-2:

The Washington Post and Associated Press interpreted these facts. 

On 9 October, Henry Simmons of WENS WINK contacted me and pointed out that he was doing a story on UFOs which would be a credit to the United States Air Force. He desired to get a quote from the newspaper accounts. 

Lieutenant General Besson, on my request, secured a Central Tower Officer - Major General D. L. Putt, Retired. Major General Putt arranged for a brief telephonic conversation with Mr. Simmons. The Military Information Services Officer for Headquarters Command and would be responsible.

WILLIAM J. LOOCKADD
MAJOR, USAF
Chief, Office of Information Services

Date copy to:
General HODE, SATIN

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a supplement to an AF Form 112.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Det 10, 1006th Air Intel Serv Sq 
Address: APO 942, NAN 26-8-68

IV. NARRATIVE OF OBSERVATION BY SGT FARRIS.

1. Personal Data.
a. Name: FARRIS, Nancy G.
b. Rank: Sgt.
c. Serial Number: RA 17248038
d. Occupation: Security Policeman, 7725th Missile Battalion, Derwood, Md.

On 29 Sep 58, at approx 0330 hrs, Sgt Farris was on duty as a security policeman on the evening shift at the 7725th Missile Battalion, Derwood, Md. After standing at the orderly room check, he stepped outside the building at 0345 hrs, and while facing northwest, heard a strange noise. Upon looking up, he saw an oval-shaped object directly overhead, which appeared to be giving off a very bright light. 

After the object had started to move in a northeasterly direction, Sgt Farris attempted to notify his supervisor, but was unable to make contact due to the light being turned off on the field telephone.  The smaller pieces seemed to give off light as soon as they were able to break away from the main object. As the smaller pieces disappeared, the main object remained stationary for a few minutes, then moved off rapidly toward the northeast. 

The sky was clear at the time of sighting. It was still dark on the ground, but becoming daylight. The object had a distinct pulsating light which appeared to be some distance away. Sgt Farris was excited and anxious trying to observe the object. After it had passed, he estimated the object to be at an altitude of approximately 2000 to 3000 feet. Sgt Farris concluded that the object must have struck the ground, as the pulsating light he saw appeared to have disappeared.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
CASE NO. 10-UFO-1-58 
EXHIBIT 3 OF 10 PAGES

Battery "B" Evaluation: The consensus of several enlisted men and two officers of Battery "B" describe the observation of a reddish orange object. This was on Jan 25, 1958, Derwood, Md. The three officers and several men recall all details about the observation in their mind and made notes. The object was described as round, slightly flattened on the trailing side. It appeared bright red or reddish orange. The object was observed for about 10 to 15 seconds before it disappeared from view. The observations made by Sgt. Harris are bone fide.

V. NARRATIVE OF OBSERVATION BY PVT SCANLON

1. Personal Data: 
a. Name: SCANLON, Jerome A.
b. Rank: Pvt (E-2)
c. Serial Number: US 51412562
d. Organization: Battery "B", 4th Missile Battalion, Deerwood, Md.

2. Narrative:
Pvt Scanlon was on guard duty at the main gate to the IPG area at approximately 22/0005Z Jan 25, 1958. As he approached the gate, he observed an orange reddish object at about forty (40) degrees elevation from the horizontal described earlier. The object was observed for about thirty (30) seconds while it remained essentially stationary. The object then started to accelerate and continued in a level flight for approximately ten (10) seconds. The object then made an abrupt turn and appeared to come out of sight. The object as being almost round, slightly flattened on the trailing side. The consistency on the background was a dark color. With the distance from the observer and the size of the object, the approximate size of the object was estimated to be one and one quarter (11/4) miles in diameter. The object while in level flight appeared to emit a brilliant light. When it commenced to accelerate the light appeared to dull down. When the object altered course, it gave the appearance of being slightly oval in shape, still reddish orange in color. As the object accelerated, it appeared to and on the ground at a point about one and one quarter (11/4) miles from Pvt Scanlon's position. The object appeared to make contact with the ground and there was an intense glow prior to the object disappearing from view. There was no visible trail or exhaust observed during the flight, but they instantly lost their glow as they broke away. There was no visible indication that the object landed. Pvt Scanlon observed a continuous, fluctuating, and intense white light on the ground, at the point where the object appeared to have contacted the earth. This light continued in intensity and appeared to come from the same azimuth as the point where the flying light had descended. Pvt Scanlon did not get close enough to investigate the ground area where the light was observed.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

1. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT:
A falling object from an aircraft, reflecting the moonlight present at the time. The object was triangular in shape and seemed to move very rapidly from one direction to another. It finally came to no conclusion at all as to the object's possible identity.

2. PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS OF OBJECT:
The object seemed to be luminous. During the interview Pvt Beanlon appeared very sincere and seemed to be describing accurately what he observed. However, he could not give any further details as to the size, shape or distance of the object. He was not even sure if it was an aircraft or a missile. The elimination of his own conclusions was emphasized, when he was asked for an opinion. The interviewer believes that Pvt Beanlon, with respect to his observations, spoke the truth.

VI. NARRATIVE OF OBSERVATION BY Pvt HILLS:
a. Name: [Redacted]
b. Approximate Age: 32
c. Address: [Redacted], Chewsville, Md.
d. Profession: [Redacted], Hagerstown Post.

2. Narrative:
Pvt Hills was out carrying newspapers on the morning of 29 Sep 53. At about 2:30 AM he was delivering the paper to a house on the south side of [Redacted] when he observed an object in the sky. The object appeared to be triangular in shape and seemed to be throwing off sparks. It had a downward pitch. Pvt Hills stated that the object seemed to be throwing off small metal particles or sparks. The object was in view for about 4 or 5 seconds. Pvt Hills estimated the distance to be about 1/2 mile and the elevation about 500 feet. The object then disappeared. Pvt Hills never saw it strike the ground.

3. Conclusion: No conclusion can be arrived at as to the identity of the object. The interviewer believes that Pvt Hills was telling the truth regarding his observations.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

VII. STATEMENT OF W. -

a. Name: 
b. Approximate Age: 35

Address: Mr. Battery was located directly along the azimuth (335 degrees) from ARLINGTON, Va. (2921/7008), the crossing of Maryland state Route 118 and Route 12??.

2. Statement:
#6. Incl Mr. - to be a short intense interest with observer "but not one of fear". No sound was heard but the objects were observed by him and his wife to be "Bright white light flashing through the sky from South to North". Source stated the light seemed to be coming from only one object which appeared to be round or at least was not square or rectangular in shape. The light appeared to him about 7 times flashing from South to North. He stated that sparks were falling off the two (2) objects but their light faded and then brightened again. The objects were at a high altitude and no other details were observed of their contour or shape, except the objects behind some trees and for all he knew they were still going. Source was certain the phenomenon took place but had no idea as to the actual distance or size of the objects.

VIII. RESULTS OF FIELD INVESTIGATION:
The interview with Mr. W. revealed that the UFO area of Battery "BB" was conducted in the vicinity of Derwood, Md, the interview was conducted for civilian sources leads in the vicinity as well as short interviews to narrow down the sighting. Interviews with civilian sources with negative results, and the sighting of a fast moving light by Mr. - and his wife was substantiated. The report indicated that no one who had observed the light on the ground had claimed to the observer but it was learned from several sources who had tried to locate the two (2) objects described by Mr.- that their light faded in and out and it was doubtful if the source did not seem to have identified the actual objects as the phenomena.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
DERffOCD, MARYLAND 
Sept 7, 1958 
UNCLASSIFIED
The light from the same vantage point as Sgt Ferris and Pvt Scanloh for about 10 minutes, also maneuvering and fluctuating. It was also along the plotted azimuth. It appeared to come from a point low on the horizon, climb up to the right back down again. From the main gate it could not be seen.
A little after this a light, apparently the same as that earlier, was seen moving to the left (south) of the single white light. This light was observed through binoculars and its intensity was fluctuating. At times it appeared quite bright and at others very dim, almost fading out. All lights, however, had a fluctuating quality.
As daylight saturated the area, details became harder to make out. The same object was still seen through binoculars but its fluctuations made it difficult to obtain a good look at it.
At 2230 hours - After checking the intensity of the lights I now observed that the lights intensity had faded considerably. The object was still there but much harder to observe due to the high degree of illumination from the rising sun. Shortly after 2300 hours, the object disappeared completely.
At 2330 hours - The object reappeared and its intensity was again fluctuating. It appeared to be about 30 degrees northeast of our position. At times it would glow brightly and then fade almost completely out. This fluctuating continued up until about 0330 hours.
At times during the night the object appeared to be as bright as the brightest star in the sky.
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing text.

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
DATE: Sep 25, 1958
LOCATION: ANDREWS AFB, WASH 25, D.C.

I. SUMMARY CONCLUSION OF FIELD INVESTIGATORS.
The object in the sky and the light on the ground were not one and the same thing. The object in the sky was probably a large meteorite which broke up as it fell earthward.
The light on the ground was identified beyond a reasonable doubt as an outside barn floodlight.
The material found on the ground could be the ground within the indicated search areas.
In the best of the investigators' knowledge, reports from sources with less limited horizons than themselves indicate that any phenomenon was probably a natural occurrence.

X. NARRATIVE OF OBSERVATION BY SGT PLEASANTS.
1. Personal Data.
a. Name: PLEASANTS, Edwin N.
b. Rank: T/Sgt
c. Serial Number: AF 18263004
d. Organization: 1909 AACS, Andrews AFB, Washington 25, D.C.

2. Description.
At approximately 2900/25 Sep 28 I was on duty for the midnight shift, in the control tower at Andrews AFB (CALS/7668). I looked up and noticed a bright light in the sky coming towards the tower from the south. The color was orange-red, and the particles that fell from it appeared to be glowing green and blue. It passed over the tower at an estimated forty-five (45) to sixty (60) seconds, and it was on a descent of approximately six (6) miles, coming from the south, heading north.
After the passage of the object, I immediately contacted the Washington tower and requested any information that I could give them. The Washington tower stated and requested any information that I could give them. The Washington tower stated and requested any information that I could furnish them regarding the object. I went outside and observed a bright light on the ground approximately one (1) mile east of the tower. The object appeared to be a solid object for a few seconds and then started to break up. The filling pin colors I observed were white, green, and blue, and the tail appeared to be of a red color.
An unidentified noise accompanied the object, and the light on the ground continued for about twenty (20) minutes.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document that contains text describing an unidentified object sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Det 10, 1056th Air Intel Serv Sq
Attn: RTW, Wash 25, D.C.

Similar to the exhaust of a jet, or missile being fired.

The following additional information is extracted verbatim from a questionnaire which was used by the interviewer: 

Date/time of sighting: 22/09/58 5:30 P.M.

Condition of sky: Between dusk and darkness. 

Presence of stars: A few.

Presence of moon: Don't remember.

Brightness: Object was brighter than sky background.

The object did not appear to stand still as any time. It did track up into the sky at a high rate of speed and push away at any time. It could not be tracked with binoculars. At first it seemed close, but moved rapidly into the distance.

Brightness: Gradually decreased until it went out. 

The object did not move in front of or behind anything during observation.

Observation was made through clear glass pane of control tower.

Sounds: None.

Edges of object: Hazy or fuzzy.

Source's activity at time of observation: Reading and checking for aircraft.

Direction of object from point of observation: West.

Direction of object when last observed: Northwest.

Angular direction from true north at first appearance: 270 degrees estimated.

Angular direction from horizon at first appearance: Forty-five (45) degrees estimated.

Angular direction from horizon at last observation: Thirty (30) degrees estimated.

Weather conditions at time of sighting: Clear sky, slight breeze.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 20 -

