The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, likely from 1958. The text on the image has been transcribed as follows:

Wanted: Any and all information on UFOs, such as pictures, magazine and newspaper articles, and UFO publications. Especially want the following: FLYING SAUCERS ARE REAL, Keyhoe; MYSTERIES OF OTHER WORLDS REVEALED, Ley and Keyhoe; THE SAUCERIAN REVIEW, 1956, Baker; FLYING SAUCER REVIEW'S WORLD ROUNDUP; AIR FORCE PROJECT BLUE BOOKS SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14, Davidson; THE BOOKS OF CHARLES FORT, Fort; THE WHITE SANDS INCIDENT, FRY; IS ANOTHER WORLD WATCHING?, Heard. I will buy these, but prefer to borrow or rent them.

I would like to have a discussion with others near my age (16) who are interested in UFOs, especially those in Virginia. I have several pocketbook editions of science fiction that I will sell (or trade for the above books).

Norfolk 5, Virginia

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memo-routing slip from Project Blue Book with text providing details about UFO correspondence and observations.

Text Output:

MEMO-ROUTING SLIP
NAME OR TITLE: Capt. George T. Gregory
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: AFCIN-4b4
Col. Gibson
REMARKS:
1. UFO correspondence for general public.
2. Comments upon which to base reply:
a. As may be confirmed by astronomical tables in astro charts, the star ARCTURUS, now very bright in the heavens was in about the precise location given by sources, at the times and place reported. Within two hours it had moved considerably towards the Western horizon.
b. Repeatedly proven that any star and planet viewed through any hand-held telescope often produce some unusual appearances.
c. Although object in sight for almost one-half hour no report of any UFO or anything unusual from military and civil aircraft, radar units or others in the area.
d. Report appreciated. Although not conclusively identified, will be used as part of AF continuous analysis of UFO phenomena.
DATE: 10 July 58
TELEPHONE: 69216

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs,

I would like to report an unidentified flying object. Yesterday, July 1, 1958, while working in my garden, my next-door neighbor, a [redacted], pointed it out to me. This was at about 7:20 P.M. (E.S.T.).

It was almost directly overhead and at a very high altitude. It looked at first like a bright star but was more clearly defined and, when I watched closely, I saw that it was doing something very slowly to the west.

I ran into the house to get a small, homemade telescope and at the same time called my father out. We saw the object through a pair of 7x50 binoculars. My mother and sister came out too. By about 7:25, three more neighbors had come over and they spotted the object.

We watched the object for about 45 minutes, until 7:49 P.M. With the naked eye and with the binoculars, the object could be seen. However, through the telescope, the distinct outline was visible. It was perfectly round, with a slight metallic glint, traveling at a very slow, steady speed, without a sound. It continued on in the same direction, weather was clear, and there was no vapor trail.

The sky was clear, with a slight breeze. The sun had gone down but it was still daylight. When the object was first sighted, there were no stars visible, but after it left there were a few beginning to come out. It was fairly warm, and there was no vapor trail.

They called the weather bureau and asked if they had a weather balloon up. They said they did but that it was the east of us, so it wasn't a weather balloon. We called the paper and they did not receive any reports like this one of our report.

The people who saw the object were: [redacted]

All of the above are from Norfolk, Virginia. None of them had seen an object like this before.

Your's truly,

[redacted]

P.S. -- I can be reached at [redacted] by phone.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document that describes an unidentified flying object sighted over Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on July 16, 1958.

Hq DO#3, File #32 44-213. Subj: Unidentified Flying Object Sighted by at Philadelphia, Pa., on 22/1672 July 1958

On the surface
At 6,000'
At 10,000'
At 15,000'
At 20,000'
At 30,000' "Top"

(3) Calling - Unidentified
(4) Visibility - 1/2 mile
(5) Cloud Cover - 7/10 of sky covered by cirrus above 20,000'
(6) No thunderstorms in area
(7) There were no other unusual activities or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

District Office unless otherwise requested. 

No additional investigation of this matter is contemplated by this District Office unless otherwise requested.

Lt Colonel, USAF
District Commander

cc: Dir (OSI (Duke)
Comdr, McGuire AFB, N.J.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

- page 4 -

