The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is a "Project 10073 Record Card" and includes details about a UFO sighting that occurred in Manitowoc, Wisconsin.

Transcribed text from the document:

1. DATE: 12 Apr 58
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 0215L
3. LOCATION: Manitowoc, Wisconsin
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: None
6. DURATION: 20 mins still view
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Two objects were observed. One was to star like light. One led to smaller to got like motion white obj shape of grape fruit was slowly falling to ground. They disappeared from radar at 50 miles at 2210 A.M. it fell in a very unusual slow way.
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Two objects were observed on radar. One was star like light. The other was smaller and moved in a grape fruit shape, slowly falling to the ground. They disappeared from radar at 50 miles at 2210 A.M. It fell in a very unusual slow way.
9. COURSE: South to North
10. CONCLUSIONS: Unidentified

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document regarding a request for UFO investigation in Manitowoc, Wisconsin.

Here is the text from the document:

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Investigation, Manitowoc, Wisconsin
Incident - 12 April 1958
TO: Commander
10525th Air Intelligence Services Squadron
Ent Air Force Base, Colorado

1. In accordance with paragraph 6a, AR 200-2, request that action be taken to investigate the circumstances surrounding the sighting of unidentified flying objects reported in the vicinity of Manitowoc, Wisconsin.

2. To assist you in this matter, attached is the preliminary report prepared by the local (U.S.) unit, in collaboration with the Civil Defense director and the County Sheriff's Department.

3. Aside from the obligation imposed upon the Air Force to resolve all reported unidentified flying objects, the results of this investigation could be exploited, to the diverse interests of the Air Force, by UFO studies and "flying saucer" programs, if approved. This is particularly true if it is shown that no further action was found inconclusive on the part of the Air Force.

FOR THE COMMANDER

1 Incl:
CAP Det 8d 12 Apr 58

H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AFOIN-ld-h, ATIC, 21 May 58, Subject: Request for UFO Investigation, Manitowoc, Wisconsin Incident - 12 April 1958
ATHO:
10028th Air Intelligence Service Squadron, Ent Air Force Base, Colorado, 26 May 1958
TO: Commander, Detachment 7, 1006th AISS, Snelling Air Force Station, Minnesota

1 Incl
r/c

- page 3 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a typed document from the 1950s regarding a request for UFO investigation in Manitowoc, Wisconsin.

The text in the document is as follows:

1005TH AIR INSTALLATION SERVICES SQUADRON
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Snelling Air Force Station
St. Paul 11, Minnesota  

AIS27                                                                29 May 1958

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Investigation, Manitowoc, Wisconsin
Incident - 12 April 1958

TO:    Col M. K. Gilbert
       Air Technical Intelligence Center
       Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. In accordance with your letter dated 21 May 1958 to Commander, 1005th AIS, St. Paul, Minnesota, this office has been informed that they are going on with your investigation of the incident of 12 April 1958 and that they will be able to furnish this office a report on or about 16 June 1958.

2. She will inform me of the exact time and date later. The sister was extremely reluctant to discuss the matter fearing adverse publicity. Upon assurance of confidence she agreed to the interview.  

3. The undersigned has been directed to personally conduct the interview. Request that any further correspondence be directed to this detachment.

                                      RALPH H ALBRIGHT
                                      Major
                                      Commander
                                      USAF

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects.

1006th AIR INTELLIGENCE SERVICE SQUADRON
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
ERC AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO
22 SEP 1958

The text in the document discusses an incident where an unidentified object was observed. It mentions a sighting report, a detailed description of the object, and the conclusions of the investigation. The document is signed by R. WALDLAND, Administrative Officer.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only text. I will proceed to transcribe the text in the document.

state[Redacted]
I was called at 10:30 P.M. April 12, 1959 at which time I saw two objects located in the West. The white object seemed to be going back and forth, uncertain whether on ground or not. It had appeared to be the size of half of light. These seemed to be a connection which gave it the shape of a cone shape and also an outline of red.
Object was seen at intervals. The red object was very small, couldn't tell what shape. It fell in a very uneven and slow manner. It wasn't a bright light. I left in about a half hour at which time the objects were still in view. I used binoculars to view it part time.

Sister[Redacted]
We were informed on radio that Sputnik II would land that night but didn't know where. We saw an object distinctly I watched then it could see it again as I had seen it about 3 or 4 times. About 5:30 I began to look at the stars southwest direction from where it usually came. The first time I didn't see anything but between 5:30 and 6:00, I saw an object that was coming that looked like a star and it seemed to disappear. But in the meantime, I saw this other object in the west and it seemed to drop suddenly from the sky. It seemed to drop for about 10 minutes and it kept on despite dropping. I called another Sister out and asked her if she could see it. At first she didn't see it but eventually she saw it. As we watched it seemed to hover over the ground but not touch it. It seemed to be about 6 feet from the ground. Then it would flare up to rather a bright light and then it would go around back and forth past one spot but still the light was very bright. In the meantime, Sister left to get the binoculars and just as she left the object flared up and seemed like it was going to explode, different colors of light came from it. There were different shades of light, orange, blue, etc. It seemed looked like it was going to burst into flames. By the time Sister came back it had gone back to a white light. We observed through binoculars.

- page 6 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text describing a sighting of two unidentified objects in the sky over Manitowoc, Wisconsin.

The text describes the witness observing two objects descending from the sky, one of which appeared to drop into the trees. The objects were observed moving in a northeastern direction, with one object leading and the other following at an angle of 90 degrees towards the northeast horizon. The objects were described as bouncing over houses and then turning southwest, continuing to bounce until after midnight when the witness left the area.

Sister _____

and we saw a second object coming down from the sky, which is number 2 in my questionnaire. It seemed to drop in jerks into the trees. It was circular shaped similar to a large grade school eraser object but smaller. It seemed to hover low in the trees. After Sister left I noticed the object (No. 1) started to move in a Northeast direction. I shifted position from the West to Northeast part of the building and as I ___ watched from the second position I noticed that both objects were going in a Northeasterly direction.

No. 1 was leading and No. 2 following about an angle of 90* toward NE horizon. No. 1 kept rising until it disappeared in a more northerly direction. No. 2, after it had gone quite a distance in a SE direction, turned and came back and seemed to bounce over houses and seemed to be about a 90* angle. It headed in a Northwest direction, then it turned Southwest. It kept bouncing over the ___ field. It kept on until after midnight when I left. Later the sheriff came and asked me to show him where I ___ the objects. He I showed him the exact spot. I also used the binoculars and saw object No. 2. He couldn't tell what it was and ___ went toward it to find out what it was. It disappeared when he got close to where it was.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions for the witness to fill out about their UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information on unidentified aerial phenomena that you may have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information will be used for analysis and may be released to the public as a part of the conditioned material. Your name and address will be kept confidential. We request that you provide this information as completely as possible. Any further details you can supply will be appreciated.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 
3. Time scene: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. Estimate how long you saw the object: Hours, Minutes, Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight, b. Dull daylight, c. Twilight, d. Just a trace of daylight, e. No trace of daylight, f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. In back of you, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document, containing a questionnaire or form filled out to document an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

B. 1. STAR:Bright
C. ROUND
D. A few
E. Many
F. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background?
(Circle One): Yes

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the background, was:
(Circle One): a. Sunlight or daylight. b. About as bright as the sun. c. About as bright as a movie floodlight. d. Extremely bright, hurt your eyes.

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still or any time?: Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?: Yes
c. Break up into parts or explode?: No
d. Change brightness?: Yes
e. Change shape?: Yes
f. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?: Yes

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes. If you answered YES, then tell what.

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes. If you answered YES, then tell what.

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent?

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses: Yes
b. Sun glasses: No
c. Windshield: Yes
d. Window glass: Yes

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, containing questions and blank spaces to be filled out.

12. To tell us a few words about what you saw:
a. Sound:
b. Color:

13. Draw a picture - That will show the shape of the object or objects. List and indicate in your sketch any of the details mentioned in item 12 on a separate sheet if necessary.

14. The shape of the object were:
(Check one): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Definite outline
d. Don't remember

15. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Over a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

TO. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: This reflects what will show the motion or the speed of the object, or the path of the object, or APE of this path, and at the end of the path, and how any objects related to the path. 

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects will in the mind and in the size? (Circle One): 
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea 
c. Dime 
d. Nickel
e. Quarter 
f. Silver dollar
g. Grapefruit 
h. Basketball 
i. Other

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you constructed the object that you saw. If such type material would it be, and what shape and size would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document or report from the Civil Air Patrol, Manitowoc Squadron, in Manitowoc, Wisconsin.

Text from the document:

CIVIL AIR PATROL
Auxiliary of the United States Air Force 
MANITOWOC SQUADRON
MANITOWOC, WISCONSIN
Phone: Phone no. 92924
1-5381

12 April 1958

To: ATIC
Attention: Major David N. Riecke
Dayton Ohio

From: Commander Manitowoc Sqdn C.A.P. 

Subject: Vital Intelligence Report.

a. ...on 12 April 1958, a T-33 aircraft 1958, I was called by the Manitowoc County Sheriff's Office to investigate the sighting of a bright green object which had been observed by the Wisconsin Public Service Lineman.
b. ...At 11:30 Saturday night, a man from the Holy Family Convent on Cliton Street in Manitowoc reported to the Manitowoc County Sheriff's Office that he had observed a bright flying object which had landed and was then visible in a nearby wheat field.
c...the Sheriff's of Manitowoc County took two patrol cars to the scene and upon arriving the object was still observable. The object then disappeared in the direction of Lake Michigan.
d...A search was instituted until about 3 A.M. in which I personally took part failed to turn up any new information.
e...As to my personal knowledge, this is the only sighting known to have occurred in this area during this particular period. 

Final, transcript of tape.
Dist: ATIC, OSI 
ATTN: Major David N. Riecke
ATIC file

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire-style format containing various questions about the witness's observations and experiences.

26. WHAT WERE YOU DOING AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT, AND HOW DID YOU HAPPEN TO NOTICE IT?
27. WHAT WERE YOU DOING AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT, AND HOW DID YOU HAPPEN TO NOTICE IT?
28. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE OR OTHER VEHICLE AT THE TIME, THEN COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS:
28.1 WHAT DIRECTION WERE YOU MOVING? (CIRCLE ONE)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
28.2 HOW FAST WERE YOU MOVING? _________ MILES PER HOUR.
28.3 DID YOU STOP AT ANY TIME WHILE YOU WERE LOOKING AT THE OBJECT? (CIRCLE ONE)
Yes No
29. WHAT DIRECTION WERE YOU LOOKING WHEN YOU FIRST SAW THE OBJECT? (CIRCLE ONE)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
30. WHAT DIRECTION WERE YOU LOOKING WHEN YOU LAST SAW THE OBJECT? (CIRCLE ONE)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
31. IF YOU ARE FAMILIAR WITH BEARING TERMS (ANGULAR DIRECTION), TRY TO ESTIMATE THE NUMBER OF DEGREES THE OBJECT WAS FROM TRUE NORTH AND THE NUMBER OF DEGREES IT WAS ABOVE THE HORIZON.
31.1 WHEN IT FIRST APPEARED: _________ DEGREES FROM NORTH, _________ DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON.
31.2 WHEN IT DISAPPEARED: _________ DEGREES FROM NORTH, _________ DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON.

- page 13 -

The image contains three sketches or drawings. The first sketch shows an object with radiating lines or rays, which appears to be a representation of some kind of UFO or unidentified aerial phenomenon. The second and third sketches show different perspectives or positions of a similar object, with one sketch showing a more detailed, rounded shape. There are no photographic images present in this document.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK 1958-04-6967325-MANITOWOC-WISCONSIN.PDF14.TXT

In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

32. In the following sketch, the object you saw appeared to be rising or moving upward on the left side of the curve as indicated. Please comment on the curve shown in the sketch and how it relates to the observed movement and position of the object.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text and form fields to be filled out.

34.1 CLOOUR8 o. ........
a. Clay
b. Reddish brown
c. Metallic
d. Other (specify)

34.2 LIGHT INTENSITY:
a. Dull
b. Bright, metallic or glistening
c. Sparks or glows
d. Dazzling, brilliant

34.3 WEATHER CONDITIONS:
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or in haze
c. Snow
d. Rain
e. Storm, remember

35. When did you observe the object(s)?

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object(s)?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object(s) too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Why was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?

37.1 IF you answered NO, when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a questionnaire containing questions about the speed and distance of an unidentified object.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the ship?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed could you estimate? _________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME _____ Last Name __________ First Name _________ Middle Name
ADDRESS _____ Street _____ City _____ Zone _____ State
TELEPHONE NUMBER ___________
What is your present job? _________
Age ___ Sex ____
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school ______
b. High school _______
c. College _______
d. Post graduate _______
e. a. Technical school _______ (Type)
f. Other special training _______

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: ___ Day ___ Month ___ Year

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form, which is used to collect information about an observed event.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME
SIGNATURE
DATE

(Do Not Write In This Space)
CODE

- page 17 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report form, which is a form used to collect information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This memorandum has been prepared to assist you in giving the U.S. Air Force complete information as requested. The information received will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. You will not be quoted or identified in any publications without your permission. We request that this personal information not be divulged further, as it is deemed necessary to protect you from further details.

1. When did you see the object?
   Night

2. Time of day:
   (Circle One): A.M. P.M.

3. Time zone:
   (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   Nearest Postal Address
   City or Town
   State or Country

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.
   2 Minutes

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
   a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   (Circle One): a. Clear b. Dull daylight c. Hazy daylight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located in relation to the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and checkboxes.

8. STATISTICAL DATA:
a. Time
b. Date
c. Season
d. Day of week

9. Was the object bright, plain, or dark?
(Circle One): Bright

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky in that particular area, how much brighter?
(Circle One): A little brighter than the sky

11. DID the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up, then slow down?
c. Break up into parts and rush away?
d. Show any flashing lights?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

12. DID the object move behind something, then come out from behind it?
(Circle One): Yes
If moved behind, was it blocked out?: No

13. DID the object move in front of something or anything, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes
If moved in front, how: ---------

14. DID the object appear:
(Circle One): Solid?

15. DID you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield 
d. Window glass

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

b. Color _ Bright, star like moving, several reds, blues, and greens noted, which appeared to be darting in & out.
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

The image is filled with text describing an account of an unidentified object sighting. The text appears to be hand-written in the form of answers to a questionnaire or report form.

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing text and handwritten responses to various questions.

20. PROP. UP PAGE THAT WILL SHOW THE POSITION OF THE OBJECT OR OBJECTS. APPEAR TO BE IN RELATION OR AT THE HEIGHT OF THE HORIZON OF SKY ETC. INDICATE VERY PRECISELY WHERE ON THE PAPER THIS WOULD BE ILLUSTRATED. 
NOT
20. If possible, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
21. How long did the objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at a distance of about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin 
b. Dime
c. Nickel
d. Quarter
e. Half dollar
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22).
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain 
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, or would like for you to imagine that you constructed the objects that you saw. Of what type material would they be, and what shape?

- page 21 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and answer fields.

As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the house
b. In the car
c. Outside
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was taking pictures of the moon to determine the effect of distance. I noticed the object out of the corner of my eye.

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One)     Yes      No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast 
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing from compass direction, try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true north and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 What it first appeared:
a. From true North ______ degrees
b. From horizon ______ degrees

31.2 When it disappeared: 
a. From true North ______ degrees
b. From horizon ______ degrees

- page 22 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

REPORTING AGENCY                       PILE  
19143-34                            

(1)...DESCRIPTION OF OBJECIS OR OBJECTS: 
(a)...shape:...ball shaped
(b)...size:... sizeable in size...observed object held as famile in length... head of pin..apx 4 times larger than quarter...sizable disc...

(c)...number:...two
(d)...description of flight behavior...high speed and slow down motions...changed directions
(e)...manner of disappearance...disappeared
(f)...sound, if heard during observation...none

(2)  DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OR OBJECT OR OBJECTS:  
(a)...direction of movement...just out of south  that

(b)...angle of sight:...first called attention of observer to object or objects  
(c)...distance:...sighted at close range and watched   
(d)...how object or objects disappeared from sight...disappeared  

(3) MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
(a)...Use of any combination of the following items: 
(1)...Optical aids, if any...none
(2)...Watching continuously until object disappeared
(3)...Time of sighting...(color) m. 12 may 15

(4)...LOCATION OF OBSERVER:                    
(5)...WEATHER CONDITIONS                  
(a)...Observers account of weather conditions...clear 
(b)...Wind direction and velocity...calm 
(c)...Cloud conditions or obscuring features...clear sky

SIGNED:                                 
Holy Family Convent       
Address

- page 23 -

The image appears to contain two sketches or drawings, but no photographs.

OCR output:
In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.
33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

35. Were you alone or with others at the time you saw the object?
Circle One) Yes (No)

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object also? 
(Circle One) (Yes) No

36.2 Figure that have drawn and describe: 
[Text is redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or object like this?
(Circle One) (Yes) No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other cases?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I don't know. Possibly some kind of special aircraft, flying too high for clear identification.

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [Redacted] Last Name [Redacted] First Name [Redacted] Middle Name
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Street [Redacted] City [Redacted] Zone [Redacted] State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job?
Age: [Redacted] Sex: [Redacted]
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school [Redacted] 
b. High school [Redacted]
c. College [Redacted]
d. Post graduate [Redacted]
e. Technical school [Redacted]
f. Other special training [Redacted]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Redacted] Day [Redacted] Month [Redacted] Year

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to collect and document information.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following spaces to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME REDACTED
CCDE
SIGNATURE REDACTED
DATE

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

REPORT FORM PROJECT BLUE BOOK

(1) DESCRIPTION OF OBJECTS OR OBJECT:
(a) SIZE - As compared to known 25 cent piece held at arm's length.
(b) SHAPE - As compared to same 25 cent piece held at arm's length . . . round or circular, very small in diameter.
(c) COLOR - Silver dollar . . . basketball . . . grapefruit . . . glass ball.
(d) NUMBER - One
(e) FORMATION - None
(f) MANNER OF MOVEMENT - Fast action, erratic motion
(g) TRAIL OR EXHAUST - None visible
(h) SOUND - None

(2) DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT OR OBJECTS:
(a) WHAT FIRST CALLED ATTENTION OF OBSERVER TO OBJECT OR OBJECTS?
(b) ESTIMATED ANGULAR SIZE IN DEGREES AS COMPARED TO FULL MOON - 2x
(c) ANGLE OF ELEVATION IN DEGREES - 90
(d) DIRECTION OF FLIGHT, WITH RESPECT TO TRUE NORTH - Horizontal
(e) LENGTH OF TIME IN SIGHT - 3 seconds

(3) MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
(a) VISUAL or by what other means? - Visual and sound
(b) OPTICAL INSTRUMENTS USED - None
(c) LIGHTING CONDITIONS - Bright sunlight
(d) VIEWING CONDITIONS - Good, clear

(4) LOCATION OF OBSERVER: 
(a) Location - Manitowoc, Wisconsin
(b) ALTITUDE AND POSITION - On ground, near luncheonette

(5) WEATHER CONDITIONS:
(a) Observers account of weather conditions - Clear and sunny, wind 0-5 mph
(b) Cloud cover and amount - None
(c) Wind direction and speed - SW, 0-5 mph
(d) Temperature - 60 degrees F.

SIGNED
[Redacted]

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or transcript that seems to be part of a UFO investigation or report. I will now proceed to extract all the textual information from the document and provide the output:

Commander Basset: I'm very interested in what's going on.
Sister: How what is your name?
Sister: Oh, last night did you call the Traffic Bureau, the sheriff's office?
I called the operator first and she called the other office.
You were dispatched investigators immediately to this sight?
That is right.
How many would you say there were? There was one. I don't know how large, but quite large and it would flare up.
One was near the ground and quite large.
What were the shape of these lights?
Circular would you say like a disc? 
Like your hand outstretched, how big would it appear to be? Would it be like the size of a pail?
Size of a pear? 
Bigger? 
How about a dime?
A nickel?
Bigger than a dollar?
Lemon? 
Dollar? 
Grapefruit?
Basketball?
More like a basketball.
Size of a basketball. What color did it have?
Fruit of the line it was a clear light and it reflected light. The image was one and then it looked like a star. We're checking about the big one now.
A white light?
Some white and it turned different colors.
Any other colors?
It flared and turned different colors after it flared.
From white to orange and blue and red?
That is right.
Did you both see them at the same time?
Were they in any particular formation, were they side by side, one above the other?
One was above the other.
How big would you say that was?
About the size of a basketball.
When it was higher up?

- page 29 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document page, likely from a Project Blue Book UFO report. I will now proceed to OCR (Optical Character Recognition) and transcribe the text found in the document:

Could you see any features or lit? No, it seemed to be at an even keel. As it came down it was a dim white light.
Could you see any porthole?
Any windows?
Was the object moving when I saw it?
Do you rotate like that?
It seemed to tumble.
Was there a tail on it like a tail or a comet?
No, it could see.
At times it seemed to trail or sparks at any time?
Did it seem to have any exhaust like that of jet airplanes?
A distant object moving swiftly, appear to come down slowly, behind clouds or trees to trees. I watched as it came down. You could hardly see it come down.
Did you hear any sounds?
In what direction did these objects appear from you?
Well, I usually watch them that direction this afternoon.
Then a radio announcement came on. One of the sisters heard it and said there was a report of an unidentified flying object near.
You were looking for it early this morning.
On you have any number of times.
Sister Clotus was there for a lecture. She was telling us all about it.
How high above the horizon would you say it was?
I'm not a good judge of distance. I would say --
The were higher than the trees.
You'd say 1,200 ft?
About that. Sisters could think. It could be higher too.
When you first noticed them, were there 2 of them, two together?
They were pretty close together, about the same distance apart and about so far.

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing handwritten text.

C - The other one took off and went north, is that right?
C - A little later?
C - Oh yes, quite awhile later.
C - How long did you see these objects?
C - seemed to be over the field about an hour.
C - Was it hover in one spot?
C - It seemed to. It seemed to raise up and move in different directions and sort of pulsating. Brighter, dimmer, brighter, dimmer. 
C - That is right, any color change when it moved?
C - Yes, it got brighter.
C - Did it accelerate?
C - That is right.
C - Taking a look again through your glasses, you are wearing now, visually?
C - Yes, that is larger we looked through the binoculars from the house. 
C - What time was it when you first saw it?
C - It wouldn't be. It was about 8:30.
C - About 8:30. You called the Sheriff's Dept. about 11:30. 
(That is correct. What were the lighting conditions in the sky at that time?
C - Not the larger one. The larger one had moved toward north down the Alvardo.
C - What would you say weather conditions were last night?
C - I would say but it thinks they were good. That sky was clear and you could see other stars.
C - What did you see or do about the object toward the northwest, the larger one, the one that had moved?
C - Did you stand and watch it or lose sight of it or what happened?
C - We just stood and watched it. We saw it go down near highway going east and west and then it seemed to go straight up and gone.
C - About what time was that?
C - It must have been about 9:30 or so. The small one came back out again and the lights were still going on and off and it continued for a while and then it went up. 
C - Was there any light? Then at 8:30 you say you saw it and you called the police at 11:30.
C - After we had been watching it a while.
C. - All right, Sister, thank you very much.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

C - Dear observer:
C - And your name sir?
C - Black ________ the about hhoo the Thenisit's of_tice a duty of_lull 
C - to aid this visibility. Did you see any other objects prior to this one, 
C - had this object in sight very long, over what period of time, and which direc-
C - tion did it go. Horo vas a bad tie but as one that I would say more was a
C - case of true misidentification. I believe the object you saw to be rather com-
C - mon place that is not uncommon to be seen occasionally. That is just my own
C - personal opinion though of what it may have been.
C - Glasse, what shapes were the objects?
C - I shall say, round.
C - And if you can remember, what was the color or the object? What size would you
C - place it to be? About what distance would you say it was from you and which
C - direction did it travel in and about how long did you observe it?
C - It looked like a balloon.
C - As far as the size of a basketball, that was the estimate. This was one of them.
C - There appeared to be one billiard. That did it look like? What color was it?
C - As it came down it got smaller.
C - Would a flying saucer side of a thing?
C - No, not at all.
C - That was pleasant,
C - Could you descrobe it to nne?
C - Describe it.
C - Glass of a basketball.
C - Yes, it was the color rather light pink and the object itself was white.
C - As it came down it seemed to get smaller and smaller but not much different
C - in any particular formation.
C - From what I can remember, the object on the ground here moving, as
C - I said it was small, did appear to have any particular shape or
C - outstanding markings. I would say it was a rather usual, common place
C - object that is not very uncommon to find. As it seemed to have a
C - natural type of descent, that is similar to a balloon, but it
C - could you say you know? Certainly.
C - It did appear to be kind of low, as you stated, and it had some likeness to
C - a balloon in its action so to speak. It might have been just a
C - common, ordinary kind of a thing that would go out again?

- page 32 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report.

Text extracted from the document:

Is this all. Did you see the one in the sky? It was flying. It stayed down. It moved a little. It moved about again. Do you see anything else? I said, you could see it well. I got so I could see it now and then. It would go out of sight for a while and then come back again. It looked something like a star as it went down. It seemed a little larger than a star. I watched it for about 15 or 20 minutes and it stayed in the same general area all the time. That's the only thing I saw. I was by myself at the time. What would you say the chances are of my having seen something really unusual? Did you see any glowing or anything? No, there was no glow. It just seemed like a star that moved around a little. Do you think it could have been any kind of regular aircraft? No, it didn't seem like any aircraft I ever saw. And the color - was there any change in the color at any time, from white to blue? No, I didn't notice any change in color at all. I just saw one object and that's all. Thank you, sister.

- page 33 -

