The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 5-Jan -58
2. LOCATION: HOUSTON, TEXAS
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 5-JAN-58/GMT
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: G Ground-Radar, D Air-Visual
5. SOURCE: OLTS
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: one
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Sighting of a starlike (ob) descending near horizon, not precise as to this time was low on the NW horizon. Ob had brilliant light, pulsating or flashing off and on but dimmed as it descended and disappeared. Did not appear to be burning and was not a meteor, not oscillating like weather balloon.
11. COMMENTS: Observation duration, speed other than analysis case considered insufficient data for evaluation. Unable to classify sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Cover Sheet, Case #3, Subj: UFO Report from Mr. __________ dtd 24 Mar 58,
to SAPIB-3 (Case 3)

d. January 12 sighting: We have no report of any burning object in this case, as described stated, as all the neighbors observed the object without any special interest, fire, smell, etc. Information could not be used to indicate the nature of the object or its relation to the Air Force through the observer of PERS magazine.

e. January 14 sighting: It is believed that the objects observed through the telescope were jet aircraft at high altitude. They often give the appearance described.

f. Although not conclusively identified as yet, data provided will be used as part of our continuous study of aerial phenomena, followed with a statement of appreciation for reporting.

1 Incl: 
Lt TYZ, ________ 
dtd 17 Jan

NICHOLAS POST
Assistant Deputy 
AFCIN-4E

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a Project 10073 record card with text.

Project 10073 Record Card
1. Date: 11 JAN 54
2. Originating Group: -
3. Location: Houston, Texas
4. Type of Observation: Civilian
5. Photos: 0 Yes
6. Type of Observation: -
7. Brief Summary of Sighting: One of three red sightings at 2100 - 2112 CST. This one was at 2103 CST. It was reported in the form as a telescope, estimated speed not over 150 mph. No sound.
8. Number of Objects: 1
9. Course: -
10. Duration of Sighting: 5 min
11. Conclusions: This sighting was forwarded in the form as a red light. This light was therefore very unreliable. It is therefore not considered reliable as an explanation for this type of sighting.

- page 3 -

The image contains two sketches or drawings. The first one appears to be a hand-drawn sketch, and the second one appears to be a hand-written notation. There is no photograph present in this image.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

These two celestial occurances should have been sufficient to say that they could not be: These fly
horse p.m .. On the night of January 12, I was in my back yard about
dusk, particular across from my house, 4107 Malone drive. I had a strange
object across the sky at such speed that it appeared as one aircraft,
oval-shaped objects, one flying very low, the other higher. About one minute later,
objects resumed very low, not more than 1500 feet altitude, when I would
estimate about 1 mile in length from tip to tip. Later I noticed
the lights of the city (the moon was not in the sky), there were flying
directly southwest to northeast about 600 - 800 miles an hour, I would
say. If the objects were as low as they appeared. In less than
minute they had crossed the skyline. As a guess, I would any
that each oval was perhaps 30 to 40 feet in diameter, because of their
distance, giving no real idea of their actual size. The in spection
was a strange to the dark long object which would be invisible in
imagination has it known conductor. No sound audible. So sound was wa
southeastmont of houses.
My private theory is that Eilington Field, about 20 miles
southeast of my house, where man may large objects (power without
sound or lights) and they belong to our government (power without
sound or lights and perfrom maneuverable) we've got the next war.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the Office of Information Services, addressed to Mr. [REDACTED], discussing a report of a "burning object" over Houston, Texas on January 12, 1958. The letter mentions that without photographs or accurate measurements, it is difficult to definitively evaluate the sighting. It is signed by Lawrence J. Tacker, Major, USAF, Executive Officer, Public Information Division, Office of Information Services.

The text of the document is as follows:

15 April 1958

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

This is to acknowledge your letter of 17 January concerning unidentified flying objects sightings.

The Air Force has no report of a burning object over Houston, Texas on 12 January 1958.

With reference to the objects sighted on 14 January 1958, they were probably high flying jet aircraft.

Without photographs, accurate azimuths, evaluations, description of time and identification based upon the observer's own description it is difficult, if not impossible, to definitely evaluate such sightings.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. [REDACTED]
Houston 6, Texas

COMEBACK-SAFIS-3
READER-SAFIS-1
STAYBACK-SAFIS-3

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten notes.

Editor Tim
New York

Dear Sir:

There are some strange goings-on in the evening and night sky above Houston, Texas.

On the night of January 3, my wife and I, upon returning from a visit to Bockenbough, descending near Deane in the constellation Cygnus in the low northwest, observed a strange object in the sky. This object, which we estimated as a first magnitude star, seemed to be zinking, becoming barely visible when it disappeared from view. It did not appear to be a burning object such as a gas-filled weather or balloon. It definitely was not a shooting star or a meteor.

On the late afternoon of January 12, just before dusk, it was searching for some stars. It could not see Mercury because of the brilliancy of the sky (the sun had set). This may be explained by a brilliant object observed by a brilliant orange-colored object which, at first, appeared to be a giant multi-motored plane. It grew larger, and it seemed to be a flaming object. It grew smaller and finally disappeared. It did not appear to be approaching or even moving, except for a short period when it seemed to be a burning plane, but I could see no smoke.

I could see no rockets or any objects towed into the night sky by my binoculars (7 power did not aid it in any way and showed no details). We examined the object intently through the glass. The description I have given was generally was already seen written. It was a mass of things reaching into the air almost as high as the object was large. The flames seemed most of the disturbance, larger than the mass itself. This object, too, was seen dimly and finally disappeared to view entirely. After about 10 to 15 miles away. It seemed to hover, and it was not attached to the ground. We must have watched it for 20 to 25 minutes, and it disappeared, independently. Her drawing was remarkably like.

Text output:

Editor Tim
New York

Dear Sir: 

There are some strange goings-on in the evening and night sky above Houston, Texas.

On the night of January 3, my wife and I, upon returning from a visit to Bockenbough, descending near Deane in the constellation Cygnus in the low northwest, observed a strange object in the sky. This object, which we estimated as a first magnitude star, seemed to be sinking, becoming barely visible when it disappeared from view. It did not appear to be a burning object such as a gas-filled weather or balloon. It definitely was not a shooting star or a meteor.

On the late afternoon of January 12, just before dusk, it was searching for some stars. It could not see Mercury because of the brilliancy of the sky (the sun had set). This may be explained by a brilliant object observed by a brilliant orange-colored object which, at first, appeared to be a giant multi-motored plane. It grew larger, and it seemed to be a flaming object. It grew smaller and finally disappeared. It did not appear to be approaching or even moving, except for a short period when it seemed to be a burning plane, but I could see no smoke. 

I could see no rockets or any objects towed into the night sky by my binoculars (7 power did not aid it in any way and showed no details). We examined the object intently through the glass. The description I have given was generally was already seen written. It was a mass of things reaching into the air almost as high as the object was large. The flames seemed most of the disturbance, larger than the mass itself. This object, too, was seen dimly and finally disappeared to view entirely. After about 10 to 15 miles away. It seemed to hover, and it was not attached to the ground. We must have watched it for 20 to 25 minutes, and it disappeared, independently. Her drawing was remarkably like.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image is a scanned page from an old document containing text.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

There are some strange goings-on in the evening and night sky above Houston.

On the night of January 3, my wife and I, upon returning from a visit to a bookstore, observed a star-like object slowly descending near Deneb in the constellation Cygnus in the low north-western sky - this object, with the brilliancy of a first magnitude star, dimmed as it sank, becoming barely visible when it disappeared from view behind trees. It did not appear to be a burning object, such as a gas-filled weather balloon. It definitely was not a shooting star.

On the late afternoon of January 12, just before dusk, I was searching the western sky for a glimpse of the planet Mercury. I could not see Mercury because of the brilliance of the sky (the sun had set) but my attention was attracted by a brilliant, orange colored object which at first appeared to be a giant multi-motored plane. It was lit by the rays of the declining sun. It grew brighter for a few minutes, but did not appear to be approaching or receding, except for a perceptible downward drift. I decided it must be a burning plane, but I could see no smoke. I zoomed into the haze for my binoculars (7 X 50) but could detect no motion or outline - they saw the spectacle. I turned to my wife and daughter to see the spectacle. They ran outside (also our maid and neighbors from across the street), and we all examined the object intently through the glasses. The object definitely was burning (my wife called it a 'raft'). It was a mass of flames reaching into the sky almost as high as the object was long. The flames were higher on the left side (south) than the same object side, and seemed to grow dimmer and finally, after about six or seven minutes, sank out of sight. If it were that far, we judged it to be about 10 to 20 miles away. If it were that far, it must have been at least 150 feet. Later, my daughter, age 2 1/2, drew pictures of it. Independently. Her drawing was remarkably like mine.

- page 7 -

The image contains two sketches or drawings. The one on the left appears to be a graph or chart of some kind, while the one on the right is a more abstract scribbled drawing.

These two celestial occurrences should have been sufficient to hold us, but make not

On the night of January 14, I was in my back yard about 10:30 p.m., looking at the stars through my 4-inch telescope. At that particular moment, I had stopped away from my scope and was looking in the direction of Gemini (Castor and Pollux), when suddenly four oval-shaped objects came out from behind the other and in perfect formation, flew across my line of sight, very low. (I would say under 150 feet.) These objects were not lighted at all, were grayish in color from the lights of the city (the moon was not in the sky). They were flying exactly uniform in speed, at less than 200 miles an hour. I would say, if the objects were as low as they appeared. In less than one minute, they disappeared from sight. As a guess, I would say their exact flying speed in relation to each other. It is possible that each was a thought to the same long object which would be invisible if it were painted black (like gondolas under a dirigible). No sound was audible, nor even a murmur.

My private theory is that at Killington Field, about 20 miles southeast of my house, where many jets are in operation, knows something about these objects. If they belong to our government (power without sound or light and perfect maneuvability) we've got the next war won.

- page 8 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UFO Report from Mr. [REDACTED]

SAFIS-3, Major Tracker                               24 March 1958
AFCIN-EE

1. - Subject report has been reviewed. There appears to be three unrelated incidents involved.

2. Suggestions upon which to base a reply:
a. Air Force Science employees a number of reports from amateur astronomers or persons having telescopes who ask the Air Force to explain or identify objects observed in the sky.
b. These requests for assistance, if not impossible, is handled by contact with our national astronomical observatories etc., complete with exact time, location and identification based on the observer's data. Scientific and professional astronomers and sky observers almost invariably provide data without private communication.
c. January 3 sightings: We believe object was a bolide - a number were reported during that period.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document that is part of a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

January 12 sighting: We have no report of any burning object in this area. The neighbors observed the incident, but they did not observe any flaming object, and it was not obvious or identifiable to the air force through police.

January 14 sighting: It is believed that the objects observed through the telescope were jet aircraft at high altitudes. They were not conclusively identified as yet, data provided will be used as part of our continuous study of aerial phenomena, followed with a statement of appreciation for reporting.

The text at the bottom of the document is the signature of an Assistant Deputy AFSICO officer, dated 17 Mar.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 12 Jan 58
2. LOCATION: Houston, Texas
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local - 18:00 GMT - 0
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Unidentified
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Stationary
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: This observer called TIME for analysis. This obj was on the ground & burning.
9. COURSE: Unknown
10. COMMENTS: Note a flying obj. Should have been referred to police or fire dept.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document, specifically a page from a Project Blue Book report from 1958.

The text present in the document is as follows:

"January 17 
1958

Editor Time
New York

Dear Sir:

There are some strange goings-on in the evening and night sky above Houston.

On the night of January 3, my wife and I, upon returning from a visit to some friends, observed a bright bluish-white light descending in Ellington air force base direction. It dipped out of sight, but reappeared, glowing as a first magnitude star, dimmed as it sank, becoming barely visible when it disappeared. 

On the late afternoon of January 12, just before dusk, I was searching the western skies for a glimpse of the planet Mercury. I could not see Mercury because of the brilliancy of the sky (the sun had set). My attention was attracted by a brilliant, strange-colored object as large as a four-motor bomber plane, apparently stationary and at a great altitude. This object made a very definite, regular westward motion at a rather rapid speed. It left no vapor trail, and could not be identified as any known craft.

I decided it must be a burning plane, but on second thought, I discarded this idea, as the heat of such an object would have been apparent. I rushed into the house, called my wife and daughter to see the spectacle. As we watched, the object would then appear, and appear and disappear, approaching and receding. The flame was not steady as that of a burning plane, but seemed rather to be a series of short, bright flashes, glowing intensely, then disappearing. After a long observation, the object was lost to sight, apparently having gone over the western horizon.

This strange incident has caused considerable speculation and discussion in the neighborhood, and several other people observed the same or a similar object. The flames were higher on the left side (south) than the right side. The duration was about 7 or 8 minutes, sank out of sight. We judged it to be about 20 miles away, if not further. The night was clear and calm, winds being negligible.

I would appreciate your comments on this strange phenomenon, and shall be glad to furnish any additional details, if desired. 

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]"

- page 12 -

The image contains two hand-drawn sketches. The one on the left appears to be a graph or chart with irregular lines, while the one on the right appears to be a more abstract, scribbled sketch.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

"These two celestial occurrences should have been sufficient to hold us, but they did not. On the night of January 14, I was in my back yard about 10:30 p.m. when I saw the same type of thing I saw before. As that particular moment, I had stepped away from my scope and was looking into the direction of an unusual object. (As before, I was looking for oval-shaped objects, one-bending the other and in perfect rotation. Those objects were not sighted at all, but suddenly this odd light came directly toward me under 100 feet.) These objects were not lighted at all, were completely silent, and under normal atmospheric conditions they could be seen perhaps for a fraction of a second. 

My private theory is that Ellington field, about 20 miles southeast of my house, where many jets are in operation, knows something about these objects. If they belong to our government (power without sound, or light, and perfect maneuverability) we're not got the rest war with Russia."

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a cover sheet for a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

UFO REPORT FROM MR. [REDACTED]
ROUTING
IN OUT
OFFICE IN OFFICE OUT
AFOIN-BE
COMMENT NO: AFOIN-BE/Capt Gregory/amc/6-9216
1. Subject report has been reviewed. There appears to be three unrelated incidents involved.
2. Suggestions upon which to base a reply:
a. Air Force to deny the sighting as a erroneous report or astronomical objects or balloons or telescope misidentifications.
b. Without photographs and accurate data, elevations, bearings, etc., complete identification based on the observer's own description is difficult, if not impossible. Amateur and professional astronomers and sky observers almost invariably provide this data without request. Mr. [REDACTED] only provides general descriptions.
c. Although the object was a bolide - a number were reported during that period.

- page 14 -

