The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
2 January 52
2. LOCATION
N of New Orleans, La.
3. SIGHTING CONDITIONS
4 43.52
Overcast sky. Civilian
Dark
4. SOURCE
Civilian
5. PHOTOS
O Yes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Witness saw a white, glowing, oval object traveling in a straight slow steady motion. It was noiseless and appeared to be saucer-shaped. Witness reported the incident to the air force, but the object was not tracked on radar. The case is evaluated as a possible meteor.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Possibly Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical Meteor
Possibly Astronomical
Other
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

OCR Output:
MO ROUTING SLIP
NAME OR TITLE

DEC 21 58

ON WHICH TO RASE REPLY

Inte:

SEPTEMBER 21 1958

SUBJECT: Mr. claims to have seen putnik
(a device or new crleaxs = is Government
Seal.) for 1L.
APRIL 30 19
Sgt JOHN D. HOWLET
LETTER : 27 p3 to see W/AIt r pis to
see Johnson

REET': I have and ext of AC on return memorandum

Sign: J bC

FROM ... S. Linbson, Liaison repretentative USD, AFB ek, 1953

ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

DD M. 95 M AR 49 Meees 49

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only typed text.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Received following message from Capt. Gregory by phone.

"Urgent Matter - Regarding Senator Lydon Johnson. Washington querying us regarding a letter from this center, we of course had no knowledge of such.

Letter regards a case which the source repeated to the OSI, FBI, and to senator. 

Major Connair states we must get it out by this afternoon in accordance with DOD directives. Urgent matter and I have just finished the computation, however,

I do not feel we have time to put it in final form in probabilities that it may not be approved by your office. I have it in draft form and I should like to see you as soon as possible regarding it's review and your approval."

Bob

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a memo routing slip.

Real UFO Case
1. Real UFO Case report requested by: Sgt. A. Moss
2. OIB file: 3S7 - to be sent to "No. of New Orleans, La."
3. Unit reports made, but said he can't give any information from the unit reports.
4. Close now, case cannot be substantiated, OSI -$2.55 for case file.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a text document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text describes a report of a Soviet Earth satellite sighting, including details about the size, shape, and trajectory of the observed object. The document discusses the likelihood of it being the Soviet satellite, as well as the lack of any radar or visual confirmation from the U.S. Air Force. It also mentions a request for further investigation into the sighting.

SUBJECT: Report of Soviet Earth Satellite Sighting
TO: Directorate of Special Investigations 
ATTN: Lt Col Moore, AFOSI-6D

1. As result of a review of the matter stated in Comment Nr. 1, and evaluation of the data given by source, the following are submitted upon which to base a report:

a. The Soviet satellite is a hollow, polished sphere approximately 23 inches in diameter. As such, it is the opinion of this Center that it would probably burn up between 30 - 80 miles altitude upon re-entry due to atmospheric drag.

b. It is unlikely that it would be seen as a perfect sphere if it did reach the earth's atmosphere and withstand fragmentation.

c. Assuming that the satellite remained intact or did not fragment upon entering the earth's atmosphere at a rather flat angle. The source states it came straight down.

d. Information available to us indicates that the sphere entered the earth's atmosphere and disintegrated on the incident reported by source.

e. The source states that he observed the object for 10 to 15 seconds, and was able to describe its shape and color in some detail. The sighting duration appears to be unusually long, even if the satellite was still intact.

f. On the basis of the above it appears improbable that the object was the Soviet satellite.

g. ATIC has no UFO report whatsoever from that area at that time; visual, radar or otherwise. This seems somewhat unusual.

h. Because of Congressional interest, it is requested that action be taken to determine the nature of this sighting and conduct an investigation of that area in an attempt to recover any alleged objects in accordance with procedures discussed with Maj Clingerman, Wright Air Development Center, 2 August 1958. They concurred.

i. Further to the above a query has been made recently to this Center for any data on sightings and incidents observed in that area from TV and baseball work. A number of these bodies have been observed in that area.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book containing information and coordination details.

OCR output:

MEMO TO: Director of BP Investigations, subj: Rpt of Soviet Earth Satellite Sighting

6. This case will be held open pending results of investigation above:

COORDINATION 
AFCIN-HER FRANK W. HART DATE 25 FEB 58
AFCIN-4E H K GALLANT DATE 28 FEB

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribed text from the document:

APRIL 21/West Gregory 1956
28-6-9216/Reported 10 MAR 58

(c) Additional Investigative Data for Congressional Reply -
UFO Sighting

Commander
Carswell Air Force Base
Fort Worth, Texas

Reference is made to paragraph 4b and 6c, AFR 200-2, Intelligence, dated 5 February 1958, it is requested that action be taken to obtain additional information for the purpose of determining the specific area in Louisiana where the unidentified object was observed.

This data is required as a basis upon which an investigation is to be initiated by the Commanding Air Force Base, Elliot Mississippi, as an attempt to either recover the object, or establish the probability of its identification or derive any additional information possible pertaining to the incident described in Inclosures 3 and 4.

Therefore, request the results of your findings be immediately forwarded to the Commanding General, United States Air Force, Washington 25, D.C.

Copies of correspondence reflecting previous actions are attached for your guidance or assistance in this matter.

FOR THE COMMANDER

W. LATANCE W. ELWOOD
Major, USAF
Assistant Administrative Officer

- page 7 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a routing and coordination sheet from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

AFOIN-4
AFOIN-4X25
AFOIN-4X3
AFOIN-4X
AFOIN-4B
AFOIN-4C
AFOIN-4D

Request for Investigation - Based on Congression- 
al Inquiry on UFO Incident.

1. In accordance with paragraph 2d and Go, AR 200-2, "Investigation of Unidentified Flying Objects" is to be made to ascertain the exact location of an unidentified Flying Object reported in the attached statement.

2. This action is requested on the basis of an inquiry by Congressman Overton Brooks, to determine if and the probability of its impact or effect.

3. Since the source is located in Dallas, Texas, this Center has requested that the Commanding Officer of the nearest Air Force base, Walker Air Force Base, Roswell, New Mexico, conduct the investigation. The results of the investigation is immediately forwarded to your attention, in order that necessary action be instituted. (Copy of letter to Commanding General, Carswell AFB, Texas, is attached).

Despite the Congressional interest, this case cannot be considered classified until further investigation has been completed.

5. Copies of correspondence reflecting previous actions are attached for your guidance and assistance.

FOR THE COMMANDER

AFOIN-F

PERS TEMP
90-DAYS

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a declassified U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED
HEADQUARTERS 4703D AIR DIVISION
United States Air Force
CAFUWELL AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS

SUBJECT: Report of Interview

TO: Commander
Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi

1. This is in reference to a sighting of an unidentified object reported by Mr. Carroll J. Dale, of Dallas, Texas, on 6 January 1958. On that date, the report was made to a special agent of the 23rd District OSI, Keesler AFB, Mississippi.

2. As forwarded by the OSI, this report stated that Mr. Dale, a meteorologist, Louisiana, to Hattiesburg, Mississippi, on U.S. Highway 11, about 1950 hours, 2 January 1958, when they sighted a blinking object hovering over the earth at approximately 1000 feet. One to one and one-half miles ahead of them. The object remained in this position for several minutes. It then moved rapidly in a vertical direction at high speed and disappeared.

3. Mr. Dale then wrote to Senator Lyndon B. Johnson stating that he was puzzled by the object and requested an investigation. Due to this Congressional interest, this base was requested to conduct an investigation. The purpose of determining the "object's" exact nature of impact with the earth's surface. Inclosure No. 1 is a report of the completed investigation with the results and findings.

4. This report is considered necessary in view of the facts uncovered by this interview with Mr. Dale.

5. Upon withdrawal of Inclosure, this correspondence may be downgraded to UNCLASSIFIED in accordance with Paragraphs 3-78h, AFR 205-1.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
CLASSIFICATION CANCELLED
AUTHORITY: AFRCE DATE: 9-25-67
SIGNED: __________(Signature)

1 Incl
Report of Interview 
Copy furnished: 
USAF, OLA, WPC, Ohio (GD 67) (one copy)

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. 

Below is the text extracted from the document:

REPORT OF INTERVIEW WITH MR. _____

The purpose of this report is to describe the results and impressions obtained by the undersigned during an interview on 26 March 1958 with Mr. _____ of Dallas, Texas, and his nephew, Mr. _____. 

Mr. _____ also of Dallas, The interview was concerned with the subject of an unidentified flying object reported by the two gentlemen on 6 January 1958.

The witness stated that initially as they were driving along the field, their attention was attracted toward the sky in the general direction of the object. It is also stated at the outset that Mr. _____ recently suffered a nervous breakdown and may not have been at peak mental condition during the interview.

However, Mr. _____ appeared perfectly sound in every respect. 

The general impression obtained from the interview was that the reliability of the initial sighting should be reconsidered in the light of the facts that was stated in this report.

At the time of the initial report, both men stated that they had "seen" the object. However, when asked at this interview what they had seen they replied that they could not be sure. "We may have been an illusion, we are not sure." Though they reported initially the the object had fallen "straight down", it is also stated that they admitted to they could not tell for certain what they had seen that day.

As to the size of the object, which was initially reported as being "24 inches in diameter", they stated that it was impossible to estimate the size with any accuracy, saying that it could have been "as big as a television set" or much smaller.

In conclusion, it would appear that the initial sighting by these two gentlemen, who reportedly were in an excited state, requires further and more detailed study before any definite conclusions can be drawn. The irregularity in shape and that it was glowing only on the underside, both aspects that the observer stated they noticed, are irregular phenomena requiring more explanation. But the matter was a thing of the past, that they were not particularly concerned about it, either only, and that they were not particularly interested in the disposition of their reports.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a declassified report related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED

REPORT OF INTERVIEW WITH MR.          CONT'D

It was learned that Mr.         had been unemployed for quite some time during this period and he had been seeking a detail or reassignment since the earth satellite and Sputnik i fall. Mr.         became convinced that his telephone was being tapped and that his telephone was being used for several weeks for fear of releasing some important information.

This report is classified Confidential because it indicates impressions obtained by the interviewing officer. (U)

CARRY P. GOODING
1/14 OSI

UNCLASSIFIED
Page 2 of 2 pages
Copy 2 of 2 copies

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows handwritten text that appears to be part of a report or document.

Notice! See attached claim, page 225, report #.
'Sky-tile seen', Mar. 26, no sighting(?)
Dr. (Thomas (Casal)) track 2 briefly
appeared to disapear on Jan 3 and completed describe
that 2 days later (Jan 3-6). Eight
(8) distinct points nd-woke strongly
were one, due to atmospheric
(before likely the earth)

G 75

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

M
REQ43
SQHQ29 SGQO34 VYEQ40KSAQ36
PP RJEDSQ
DE RJESKS 12
P 0716202
FM COMDR KEESLER AFB
TO COMDR WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB
BT
UNCLASSIFIED FROM CB 933D.
REFERENCE CLASSIFIED 7DCIL HEADQUARTERS, NINETEENTH
AIR DIVISION, CARSWELL AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS, 2 APRIL 1958,
SUBJECT: REPORT OF INTERVIEW. IN VIEW OF THE INFORMATION
CONTAINED IN THE ABOVE REFERENCED LETTER, REQUEST THIS
BASE BE ADVISED IF FURTHER INVESTIGATION IS DESIRED.
BT
07/1918Z APR RJESKS

- page 13 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

SRH918M SQB134 VYD8S8KSA8J8
PP RJEDS0
DE RJESKS 33
P 821855Z
FM COMDR KEESLER AFB
TO COMDR WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB
BT
UNCLASSIFIED FROM OB 538D.
REFERENCE YOUR RJEDSQ 5SS P 821535Z. CLASSIFIED LETTER WAS
SENT BY REGISTERED MAIL, NUMBER ***, 4 APRIL 1958.
BT
06/17432Z APR RJESKS

- page 14 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a Joint Messageform.

OCR Output:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM
SPACE BELOW RESERVE FOR COMMUNICATION CENTER
14U2S5  1662
ACTION                  PRECEDENCE                      TYPE MSG (ACFT) 1002 CLAS
INFO                                                                    X     AF
FROM: AFOIC-AE/UNCLASSIFIED
REGARD OS 5339, DATED 7 APRIL 1958. NO FURTHER ACTION REQUIRED.
YOUR PROMPT ATTENTION AND COOPERATION IN THIS MATTER IS
APPRECIATED BY THIS CENTER.
COORDINATION:
AFOIC-AE REMOLIIINIL DATE 1/iia/58
AFOIC-ME R. Fort DATE 4/18/58
DATE                   TIME
7a                 1300
70s                   58
SYMBOL                  SIGNATURE
AFOIC-ME Henry C-. Miller
Captain, USAF
Assistant Administrative Officer
DD FORM 173              REPLACES GD FORM 173. 1 OCT 48, WHICH WILL BE USED UNTIL EXHAUSTED

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The image appears to be a typed report containing text.

Results of Investigation Reported by Senator Lyndon Johnson

MEMO: AFOIX-1, Major Evans TO: SAWB, Major Tucker
      19 May 58
      AFOIX-L5/Capt Green/em/69216

1. Reference is made to telephone conversation between Major Tucker, SAWB, and Captain Green, this Section investigating a related matter of interest to Congressman Vinson, on Friday afternoon, 18 Apr 58.

2. Attached is a copy of the investigating officer's report (Incl 2) which indicates that the information was received verbally by the officer. It is requested that the report be duplicated and forwarded to Senator Johnson.

It is understood that the following points be considered for inclusion in Senator Johnson's letter:

1. Guthered company's report was considered incomplete and lacking in detail, particularly as to exact locations, four star Air Force commands immediately concerned, identities of personnel involved, and nature of investigation by Griffiss AFB, and the Air Technical Intelligence Center.

Page 1 of 2 pages
Copy of 2 copies
Classification Cancelled
15 APR 1959
USAF COPY

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

UNCL'd6, 19 May 56, Subj: (Contact (Conf'l)

Efforts to obtain the data requested by Senator E. (cont'd)

UNCLASSIFIED. 

This case was referred to the Air Force to obtain more data on the sighting and to locate the witnesses, in order to obtain a more detailed report since the original report was incomplete. 

Congressman E. is brief, after all, the case is a farther example of the difficulty in getting reliable information on the few good cases which do come to our attention. In this instance, it is apparent that if the original witnesses had been properly interviewed at the time, a more complete report would have been obtained. As it is, here is another example of a case where, due to the passage of time and the difficulty in locating the witnesses, the report remains with skepticism.

1. Initial Report on ---------
2. Air Force Report on Same ---------
3. Comments are as follows: (672-255-a, p 73)
4. For info, copy of complete Air Force Report attached.
5. Request correspondence for investigation.

20-9939-B 
Page 2 of 2 pages 
Copy of 1 copies

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the U.S. Air Force to Senator Johnson regarding a sighting of an unidentified flying object near New Orleans, Louisiana.

ADDITIONAL - 1 -
SAPTI-1/Capt Sayfer S/Sgt Van Dyk/Sgt/7862/9 Jun 59
SAPTI-

9 JUN 1959

Dear Senator Johnson:
Further reference is made to your letter concerning the sighting of an unidentified object which was just north of New Orleans, Louisiana.

Since furnishing you information on 12 May 1959, the additional details have been ascertained pertaining to this incident. However, after thorough examination, no definitive conclusions have been reached. Although all facts surrounding the incident have been carefully scrutinized, pertinent data which would indicate that this sighting was authenticated by technical means has not been found.

Sincerely yours,
CGT GOODRUM
COMDR SAPTU
STAFNACK

Roger P. Paine
Deputy Director
Legislative Liaison 

Honorable Lyndon B. Johnson
United States Senate

- page 18 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows handwritten text on what looks like a page from a document.

Since 957 (September 15) was lost recorded as 9 p.m. 1957, only very scanty information is available. Our observation consisted of a bright light near the horizon which appeared to be in motion. It was visible for approximately 20 minutes and disappeared near the horizon in an upward direction. Antiealied

- page 19 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page contains handwritten text, but no photograph or other visual elements are present.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text, the output is as follows:

"USAF star: R 23 (1257) 58
"thougk observation as being delicate on was establish that seen denter'ng
that it identified by the atmospheric a devised or general in
(Temporarily thereto bit)
"

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten letter.

COPY - HANDWRITTEN LETTER
Sun- Jan 12, 58

Dear [REDACTED],

I'm (Thursday) sending you some data that definitely was Sputnik No. 1, fall Jan 2nd at 7:50 locally. We located it about 5 miles west of Dallas and we were able to view it from 10 or 15 front second of arc around the sky at that time. It was moving at from 8 to 10 degrees per second. This observation confirms my belief in what we saw earlier creating this sighting. I am familiar with tracking satellites and I do not believe this was anything other than the satellite. This information is to the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in Cambridge, Mass.

They said they had observed data that they would compare with this. 

My two nephews and myself are life-long residents of Dallas residents and we are quite positive about finding this satellite. I know that finding the satellite intact by visual sighting would be of immense value to the scientific world. We found this satellite and there are no holes in our statement. If the government wanted to keep it a secret for awhile, maybe the use have been looking for this or not and we don't want the report discussed.

We are 42 years old and have seen come cases, meteors, falling stars, and they all have positive characteristics this was the satellite advice.

Yours Sincerely 
[REDACTED]
Dallas, Texas

HA1-0576

- page 21 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten account of a reported UFO sighting.

Extracted text from the document:

"Sent: June 19, 58
We saw what definitely was
something not of this world. 
(Saturday) just north of New Orleans.
This is a detailed report with 
one mile the approximate distance
and we were able to view it for 10 or 15
seconds. It was a perfect sphere with
a glow around it and the color was
all white. Hovering worked in an
evasive movement hectic. During the
experience I rapport fighting in detailed
to the Office of Sperical Observations
of the Air Force in detail.
They are granting it serious doubt-they
could hardly explain why or what.
My two nephews and myself are
life long residents of DeLand and
certainly know there is no natural 
connected with finding this satellite."

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, possibly a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

"Ever since that incident, that photo would be in my possession and never would be shown to anyone, or published and returned. We consider the sighting incident a strictly confidential matter, and cannot divulge any information concerning it to the press or anyone else.

We have not retained the negative or print of the photo, as you requested, and a reasonable explanation of the delay in replying would be that we were attempting to locate it and find the proper procedure for returning it to you. Unfortunately, we do not have the photo in our possession and cannot return it. Please believe that we are as anxious as you to clear up this matter as soon as possible. We appreciate your interest and trust that you will understand our position in this affair. If you have any other questions, please feel free to communicate with us."

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document. This appears to be a letter from Lyndon B. Johnson, the Democratic Leader of the United States Senate, addressed to an unnamed "Dear Sir". The letter discusses a communication received from one of Johnson's constituents and Johnson's intention to forward the enclosure to the writer in order to inform them.

UNITED STATES SENATE
Office of the Democratic Leader 
Washington, D. C.
February 6, 1956

Dear Sir:

I am enclosing a communication which I have received from one of my constituents. I will appreciate your giving serious consideration to this problem, based on its merits.

Please let me have as prompt a reply as possible, returning the enclosure, in order that I can inform the writer.

Sincerely,
(Signed) Lyndon B. Johnson
Lyndon B. Johnson

P.S. Please address reply to Lyndon B. Johnson, U.S. Senate, Washington, D. C. If additional information is required, please telephone Arthur Kerry at Ca 4-3131, extension 2144.

Action: Department of the Air Force Intelligence Division
Washington 25, D.C.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document, specifically a "COPY - USI LETTER" from the Department of the Air Force regarding a report on a Soviet satellite.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

Dept of Defense
Seal
49-176

MEMORANDUM FOR ASSISTANT CHIEF OF STAFF, INTELLIGENCE
ATTN: CAPT GOBER, ACGIN-LA

SUBJECT: Report on Soviet Satellite Nr 1 by Avenue Dallas, Texas

1. Reference is made to telephone conversation of 13 February 1958 between Captain Olsen of the Sabotage and Deception Branch, Counterintelligence Division, and the undersigned concerning the above subject.

On 12 February 1958, MRS. GLANDON (Mrs. JOHNSON) referred a complaint from her neighbors, MR. and MRS. EMERSON GOHRS, that a sattelite or flying object was sighted over AVONDALE, DALLAS, Texas. This was referred within AFOIN jurisdiction and in accordance with the correspondence from Senator JOHNSON and Mr. KILGORE. Copies of Mr. JOHNSON's letter are attached.

Our District Office in Texas, after telephone contact with Mr. EMERSON GOHRS, took no further action. The Directorate have no pertinent information on the matter.

2. Incl:
MRS. SATZLL did
11 Feb 58
w/c Incls

L. MOORE, Lt Col USAF
Asst Chief, Sabotage and Espionage Counterintelligence Division, Directorate of Special Investigation
The Inspector General
Branch

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a handwritten document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book. The document contains several lines of handwritten text, which I will transcribe as an OCR system:

Comments:
1. This is the only way we have (as sent - for work).
2. We met approximately 2:56 noon.
3. Methly referred to 4047 (WGE unit)

G 29

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a cover sheet for a Project Blue Book report on a sighting of an "Earth Satellite".

The text from the document is as follows:

COVER SHEET
NATURE OF BASIC SUSPENSE
PROJECT: Report of Sighting - Earth Satellite 
DETAILS: OFFICE IN OUT OFFICE IN OUT OFFICE OUT
FROM: Capt. CO-13, USAF
COMMENTS: It is requested that you attached memorandum from the Directorate of Special Investigations regarding a reported sighting of the Soviet "Sputnik I".
You are requested that your files be checked to ascertain if any details or additional information can be furnished concerning this incident. Any data, however remote, that may have a bearing on the Sputnik I situation.
It is desired that the matter has not previously been brought to your attention, its report is of great importance.
As indicated by the enclosures to the attached AFSI memo, this information is of utmost importance and should be brought to the attention of the Office of Special Investigations as quickly as possible.
An information copy to this office.

DATE: 11 Feb 58

- page 27 -

