The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10079 Record Card, which is a standard form used to document sightings of unidentified flying objects as part of Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's official program for investigating UFO reports.

The text visible on the record card is as follows:

PROJECT 10079 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6 Apr 58
2. LOCATION: Greens Fork (Ind.)
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: Local N/A 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. DURATION: N/A
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N/A
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: N/A
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Articles of rock submitted believed to be a part of a meteor.
11. COMMENTS: Specimen found to be typical basaltic material.

- page 1 -

The image contains a scanned document with a handwritten letter. There does not appear to be a photograph present in the image.

April 22, 1958

Deputy Chief 
Intelligence Office 
412 Intelligence Air Force Base 
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Mr. Strah:

This is a small part that I had forgotten about in my collection. I'm not sure that it is metal. 

Mr. Strah, I do have the possible pot of gold. It is more of a collectors item than metal. With your permission I would like to turn it in for money. This newspaper clipping explains how the gold spillout out as the star came into the atmosphere. It may be a bit radio-active as a lot of the places are.

Indiana

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of an older man wearing a hat. The text below the image is an article titled "There's Still Gold in Those Hills" by Wendell Trugdon, a staff reporter, discussing the topic of finding gold in the hills.

Text from the document:

There's Still Gold in Those Hills
BY WENDELL TRUGDON, Staff Reporter
BROOKVILLE, Ind. - Any time a man has a chance to grab some money, they can grab time to prowl streams and search and hunt for treasures and gold.
Oldlimers say there's gold along creeks and trees. Everybody has heard the stories about panning gold, diamonds weighing as much as a mail pouch, silver mines and all kinds of fantastic treasure stories.
Fred Doyle, who lives in a little country village near here, can tell some stories that sound as fantastic as those fairy tales.
Fred Doyle is 81 years old, has lived in the country all his life and could almost count the number of times he has been to a big city on the fingers of one hand.
"I'll tell you," said Doyle, "I've seen things in these hills that would make your hair stand on end. I've found gold in creeks and on hillsides more times than I can remember.
"Some of the old-timers around here will tell you the same thing. They'll say there's gold in them thar hills, and they'll tell you about the time they found a nugget as big as a horse's hoof.
"One day, near home, he was walking along, and he said he found what appeared to be a deposit of gold. He said he picked up a handful of the stuff and it was so heavy he knew it had to be gold.
"The next day, Fred said, he went back with some pans and picks and shovels and he spent the whole day digging and panning. By the time he quit, he said, he'd managed to accumulate about a quart of the stuff.
"When he got home, he said, he put the stuff in a big glass jar and carried it around to show his neighbors. Everybody marveled at it, and they all agreed it had to be gold.
"Fred said he took some of it to a jewelry store in a nearby town and had it tested. The jeweler told him it was worthless junk - just a conglomeration of worthless pyrite, fool's gold.
"But Fred still thinks there's gold in those hills. 'I'm sure of it,' he says. 'I've seen it with my own eyes, and someday I'm going to find the real thing.'"

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

ROUNDUP
Dad Gone,' eps House
Home has been placed under lock and key after the mysterious disappearance of the occupant—a retired government clerk. The man's missing typewriter has been found buried in the yard, authorities said. They declared the disappearance is mysterious and they are unable to find any trace of the man.

Michigan Water Wonderland Dry
Heavy rain has left roads and fields in Michigan weathered the severe storm of the last 10 days. In Detroit the streets were mostly mud in early spring. Residents recall the famous Michigan mud of other years. The usual bumper crop of candidates for the Conservation Department is in Detroit says the usual story, "With the mud everything Michigan has gone to the dogs."

SUPERKLEEN  
Reg. $6.39  
$6.69

KEM-GEL
Reg. $2.85 qt.

SPECIAL
$2.1  4 qt.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

April 27, 1958

Mr. Lee H. Strehl
Deputy Chief
Air Intelligence Office
Detachment 122, 4709th Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

Since writing you, concerning the pot of gold, I have found that one needs a license to prospect for profit. Therefore the pot of gold will have to remain in its hiding place so far as I am concerned.
Stop in and see my legal stone collection if you are ever over this way.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 5 -

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram that appears to depict the orbit of an unidentified flying object (UFO) or similar aerial phenomenon. The diagram shows the Earth at the center, with an oval-shaped object labeled "EARTH" and several curved lines and circular shapes representing the orbit or trajectory of the UFO. There is also some handwritten text accompanying the diagram, though the specific details are not legible in the provided image.

Metereological Station
Wilmington. Ohio
Daylon, Ohio
Dear Sire
If notified your base at Dayton, 4-23-54 ASD of a major sightingg, you will accept this report. On 3-24-54, at 0315 EWT, the observer watch for about 3/4 hour a lighted object which appeared to be at high altitude. The object seemed to be moving rapidly at first, then stopped, hovered, and moved again. The observer reported the object was not a star or planet, and did not blink. The object was described as round or elliptical in shape, and grayish-white in color. It was observed by one observer only.
Sincerely.

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. However, there is no photograph present in this particular image. 

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

March 12, 1958

Wright-Patterson AFB
Deputy Chief, Investigations
ATIC, Ohio

Dear Sir:

Please forgive me for the previous letter. You know I have been trying to get something constructive could be gotten from a ground survey, but it just is not to be.

Ten after ten after ten of the stuff is laying around or being sent for a variety of things.

The largest particles that I have seen in the valley north of Newcastle. Large particles are also at the top of the hill on Spiceland. I can tell this by the path of the small body. Our tail man recalls seeing something of the same general direction, some 40 years ago. This is and the fact that particles remain a mystery. A specimen or the mass, causes me to think that part of it is still in some kind of an orbit.

At first I was only interested in finding a meteor, however the more that I study it, well, I part of or get a bang out of it.

If you are interested at any time, you are welcome to examine any of the particles that I have collected. Again please forgive me for the previous letter.

Indiana

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, discussing the nature of a "stony conglomerate" object. The text describes various properties of the object, such as the presence of flint particles and the lack of valuable pieces. The document also mentions signs of Indians using the material and compares the object to pieces from the deep western strike. The text is dated March 19, 1958.

The text content is as follows:

March 19, 1958

Meteorological Research Center 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Attention: Dr. Max Salzman
Dear Sir:

You know I didn't think to explain the weakness of the structure of this material. It contained the secret of an otherwise, hopeless mass.
(1) It was a stony conglomerate.
(2) Some of these particles are crumbly.
(3) By far the most important, is the pockets of flint in the conglomerate. As you well know, a particle of flint the size of a marble, when heated, blast many feet in every direction. Particles of flint found are many, many times the size of marbles. They show the marks of heat and blast. This is my cause for thinking; the attack was no more severe than the main body of material. I have found no valuable pieces, except as collectors items. Many particles found, have a tendency to go into what looks like granite and some crystal.
There are signs of Indians using some of this material, therefore the strike goes away back. Of course from the air you can get a better picture of the strike where from than I. Some of these pieces might be compared with pieces of the deep western strike. Not that it would prove anything. I would like to know what kind of a structure this thing used to go over in the same general area twice. Will discontinue correspondence here.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, specifically a routing and coordination sheet dated March 28, 1958, regarding a letter received from someone in Greensfork, Indiana. The text of the document is as follows:

Dear Sir:

Thank you for your letters of 18 and 19 March 1958.

The Air Force is not interested in matters that have fallen into the past. According those which contain a large content of material.

I appreciate your interests and if we have a need for further information on the matter we will communicate with you.

Sincerely,

Chief
Air Intelligence Office

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book document, which is a US Air Force investigation of unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

April 8, 1958

Deputy Chief 
Air Intelligence Officer

Dear Mr. Strahl:

Thanks so much for your letter of Mar. 28, 58. 

Am very sorry that there isn't more metal in the thing for you. Am glad to say that I have a very high material content, that I have so far found. I do not have any further need for the chunk and therefore do not think of returning it.

Thanks again for the communication.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]
Indiana

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the United States Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

Transcription of the text in the document:

ROUTING AND COORDINATION SHEET
AFCIN-4
AFCIN-4326
AFCIN-426
AFCIN-433
AFCIN-4
Dear Mr. -
We have received the specimen which you believe to be a meteorite.
The specimen will be given a careful study and analysis to determine if it is of meteoritic origin. You will be informed of the results upon completion of the study.
Your interest in forwarding this specimen is appreciated.
Sincerely,
T. E. STUART
Deputy Chief
Air Intelligence Office

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document titled "DISPOSITION FORM" from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Text extracted from the document:

DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO.:
SUBJECT: Request for Analysis and Identification - Purported Meteorite
FROM: AFCIN-4322
TO: AFCIN-4322
DATE: 23 Apr 58

1. Request subject specimen be subjected to necessary studies and tests to determine whether it is of meteoritic origin and, if so, whether predominantly or of the "stony" or "nickel-iron" type.

2. The Air Force interest in these bodies is well known, particularly of the latter. 

3. Attached are certain documents showing some background and previous action taken to possibly assist you in this matter.

2 Incls:
1. Specimen in wooden box
2. Misc litrs.

AFCIN-4322 25 Apr 58 COMMENT NO. 1
AFCIN-4322/ATIC/col/wah 20132/DE 255517 23/June A

1. Examination of subject specimen has revealed that it is a glacial boulder of crystallization materials. These results were obtained at great distance from the locality of their natural occurrence or original outcroping, having been transported by glacial action during the Ice Age glaciation.

2. Specifically, the specimen is a normal basalt, compact in formation and greenish-black in coloration, containing inclusions of plagioclase laths and olivine (a green magnesium-iron silicate) or chromite, suggesting a contact differentiation origin, limonite (brown hydrated iron ore) and pyroxene (iron-silicate). It has a density of approximately 2.85 to 3.0, and sulphurization have caused the reduction of certain iron minerals which is, however, typical of weathered and exposed iron-bearing rock.

3. All true meteorites show the effects of aerodynamic heating in reaching the earth's surface to a more or less severe extent, resulting in pitting and surface fusion. This specimen bears none of these evidences and has been concluded to be of earthly and not of extraterrestrial origin.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document.

ES2/APIN-422, to APIN-422, subt: Reasons for Analysis and Identification - sightings in the United States - April 22 to May 23
1. It is our contention that this sighting is of terrestrial origin, and does not present clear indicia of an extraterrestrial vehicle, as the details correlate reasonably with details of normal aerial phenomena observed in the Grewell's Geologic Province in Ontario, Canada, where such material is regularly observed.
2. It is therefore that that the trouble and expense of a laboratory examination is not warranted.
2 incls n/c
A. E. Martin
APIN-422

- page 13 -

