The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a document page with the header "STAFF STUDY DECEMBER 1958" and the text "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top. The bottom portion of the page is redacted, with black bars obscuring any text or content that may have been present.

UNCLASSIFIED
7:3745 - HC 64
1003825

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives 
ASM/ASHAF-AI
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

- page 1 -

Based on the image, there does not appear to be any photograph present. The image shows a typed document with text, but no photograph.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

DRAFT 16 DEC 58

UNCLASSIFIED

Classification Cancelled

(or declassified to UNCLASSIFIED)
Auth: _________________
By: _________________
Date: _________________

TO: Assistant Chief of Staff/Intelligence
Headquarters, USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

1. As you know, this Center is responsible for performing a scientific and technical evaluation of all reports of unidentified flying objects in accordance with the provisions of AFR 200-2, dated 5 February 1958. These evaluations of necessity can be no better than the reported information with which we must work.

2. Prior to going into any discussion of deficiencies in the present program as we see it, I believe a brief review of some background information is in order:

a. Forty-nine (49) UFO organizations exist in the Zone of Interior in addition to many individual self-proclaimed experts whose affiliations or specific intentions are not clear. It is clear, however, that for various reasons these individuals and agencies such as National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, Civilian Saucer Intelligence and Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, etc., feel a need for, and do everything possible to direct the Air Force, the investigations, and the ultimate evaluation of reported sightings. These organizations, and for the most part individuals, are well equipped, and do in fact conduct a very comprehensive field investigation.

b. The people reporting UFO's are for the most part honest American citizens ranging all the way from relatively uninformed men in the street to eminent authorities, such as Mr. Townsand, Assistant to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, who recently reported a sighting from the Washington, D.C. area. These people feel strongly

UNCLASSIFIED

Page 1 of 5

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document.

UNCLASSIFIED
about what they saw and normally report sightings in a strictly patriotic interest. A prompt investigation, sound analysis, and accurate report relating to what they saw leaves them with a pride in what they did and in the service that is most concerned with their defense. A sloppy investigation, evaluation based upon inadequate facts, and subsequent effort to discredit their story makes them vulnerable to propaganda expounded by the various UFO organizations.
Of some of the UFO organizations, such as the National Investigations commissions on Aerial Phenomena, will take the deficiencies in the Air Force Program and take advantage of every opportunity to place us in a defensive position. In fact, it is understood that Captain Ruppelt, who was responsible for the ATIC part of the UFO Program from early 1951 until September 1953, is now affiliated with NICAP. In this organization alone, Major Keyhoe [ ], and Captain Ruppelt, an ex-ATIC specialist, represent a formidable team from which plenty of trouble can be expected in the future. Both appear to be in the business for the money involved. Comparable conditions involving eminent authorities of questionable intentions exist in other of the 49 UFO organizations.
In light of the background information provided above, these deficiencies take on their proper meaning:
a. Investigations conducted by various Air Force installations in many cases (and particularly those claiming close observation or landing of UFO's) are inadequate to serve our needs for prompt and accurate evaluation. This is apparently so for these reasons:
(1) Due to knowledge of the official Air Force position that we have yet to uncover a specific threat from outer space, a degree of complacency has crept into the program resulting in something less than complete or satisfactory performance.

UNCLASSIFIED
Page 2 of 5
01/18/2023

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED

a positive regressive approach to uncover the facts we so badly need to make prompt and comprehensive evaluations.

(2) As a result in part from the complacency indicated above, considerable time is lost in getting investigations under way, and all too frequently the investigation, once conducted and reported on, appears to have been performed by the most available individual without regard to his competence as an investigator, and ability to properly handle the public relations aspect so important to this program.

(3) As indicated in paragraph 2e above, many of the private and organized UFO investigators apparently in competition with the Air Force appear on the scene well equipped to conduct a field investigation. Invariably they have geiger counters, magnetometers and various sampling equipment with them and they use it. Not that this means much, but it is impressive to the uninitiated, and particularly so when the Air Force investigator later appears on the scene armed with nothing but a notebook and pencil for use in interrogating witnesses. Some basic factual information obtained from instrument readings would indeed be useful in many cases.

(4) Investigators selected apparently with some degree of random from Air Force installations, and in many cases obviously unskilled in conducting a comprehensive investigation, appear only too often to be guided merely by the questions posed in AFR 200-2. When these are answered they consider their job done without regard to the overall questions that must in the final analysis be answered (i.e. - what was it? does it represent a threat? etc.).

(5) The final preparation and routing of investigative reports through devious command and mail channels is excruciatingly slow especially in those highly publicized cases wherein DOD starts getting inquiries for

UNCLASSIFIED

Page 3 of 3

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document from Project Blue Book, an unclassified document that discusses internal actions taken to strengthen ATIC (Air Technical Intelligence Center) support of the UFO program. The text in the document has been provided below:

UNCLASSIFIED
analyze type information as soon as public press, radio, and television releases have been made. In many cases in the past this pressure for information has built up to Congressional inquiries prior to ATIC having the basic information from which a decent appraisal of the sighting could be made.

(6) In numerous instances in the past UFO sightings that have drawn a great amount of public interest (have been publicized widely in the press, on radio, television, etc.) have never been officially reported to ATIC. Invariably it is this type of case that is used by the UFO organizations to point up the inadequacy of the job the Air Force is doing. Furthermore, they bring these same cases up time and time again in an effort to force us to reveal our findings because they know full well that we have none. When a reply comes back that the particular case cited has never been officially reported to the Air Force it strengthens their case that they're doing a better job for the country than the Air Force supported by their taxes, ad infinitum.

4. In order to strengthen ATIC support of the UFO Program, I have directed some internal actions which should minimize certain existing deficiencies. These are:

a. Development of a small but competent trained and equipped group of investigators within ATIC to provide supplementary investigative capability in those cases involving keen scientific or public interest.

b. Established arrangements wherein ATIC investigators may move to and from Air Force installations nearest scene of sightings rapidly using GIT aircraft and crews.

c. Preparation of an SOP addendum to AFR 200-2 which will guide base level and other investigators in seeking out the facts we need to properly evaluate a UFO sighting. This SOP will be coordinated with ... [redacted].

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
along with a request that the unclassified version be published and distributed to Air Force activities.

5. In addition to those actions indicated in paragraph 4 above, I feel strongly that we must move to button up the implementation of AFR 200-2 in the field and at the same time obtain some additional cost information which may ultimately be used in our defense if such becomes necessary. I have attached hereto a suggested all major consumers message which I recommend be dispatched for this purpose.

1 Incl:
Draft of
Proposed Msg

CHARLES B. DOUGHTY
Major General
AFOIN-4

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS; DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS. 
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

Page _2_ of _5_
03  2 of 5  
75-252373-53

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this document. Based on the OCR of the text in the document, the output is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
This Message in 5 Parts.

PART I. Reference Air Force Regulation 200-2, dated 5 February 1958, 
Subject: "Unidentified Flying Objects," as amended by AFR 200-2A, dated 
3 July 1958.

PART II. In spite of the fact that the USAF has yet to uncover specific
evidence of Unidentified Flying Objects that represent a threat from outer
space, considerable public interest and pressure on this particular program continues. At the present time some 49 UFO organizations and many 
self-proclaimed experts are actively engaged in exploiting UFO sightings 
for their own, and in some cases, questionable interests. For reasons 
known best to them they all seem intent upon discrediting the job the USAF
is doing in this program. In spite of this we must maintain a positive
approach to uncover specific information of scientific or technical interest
to the nation.

PART III. To insure understanding and compliance with the existing provisions of AFR 200-2 as amended, the following elements of that directive are re-emphasized and clarified:
a. Prompt reporting and investigation of all UFO sightings by
the AF installation nearest to the point of sighting is the responsibility
of the commander of that installation. Such reporting and investigation
includes those cases publicized in the press or on radio and television
in the vicinity of that installation even though no report of the incident has been otherwise received. In all cases copies of reports will
be referred directly and expeditiously to ATIC.

UNCLASSIFIED
Page _1_ of _2_ Pages
Cy _1_ of _2_ Cys

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text.

UNCLASSIFIED
PART III. b. Selection of competent investigators, capable of applying
guidance outlined in par. 5 of referenced regulation is essential. In
all cases the investigator should be authorized direct telephone contact
with the Aerial Phenomena Group, Headquarters, ATIC, Wright-Patterson
AFB, Ohio, extension 6-9216, for the purpose of reporting high priority
sightings or preliminary conclusions.
PART IV. The following instructions supplement the provisions of referenced regulation.
a. Where witnesses report close proximity to UFO's (within
100 yards), or claim evidence of radiation, investigators will be equipped
with rad-safe type radiation detectors to measure intensity of radiation
in vicinity of sighting. Where such instrumentation is employed, report
to ATIC will include type and model of instrument used, specific points
where measurements were taken, intensity of radiation, and relationship
to normal background in the area.
b. In all reports to ATIC the name and rank of the investigator
and the telephone number at which he can be reached will be included.
c. All final reports of UFO sightings will include a brief
statement of the total USAF resources consumed in investigation of this
particular sighting. This to include man hours, dollars spent, miles
traveled in military aircraft or vehicles, material damaged, destroyed
or consumed.
PART V. For information SOP addendum to AFR 200-2 which will provide
further guidance to commanders and UFO investigators now at work and
shall be distributed early 1959. DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a document labeled "UNCLASSIFIED DISPOSITION FORM" related to the UFO program.

Text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED DISPOSITION FORM

FILE NO.      SUBJECT
(U) Support of the UFO Program

TO AFCIN-4A    FROM AFCIN-4E4 DATE COMMENT NO. 1

1. During the past year the investigation of UFO sightings as outlined in AFR 200-2 has left much to be desired. We are taking positive action to correct present deficiencies in the investigative program; however, it is deemed essential that an ATIC task force be established to supplement base level investigations in those cases where considerable scientific or public interest exists.

2. To provide a flexible investigative force which will not cause a particular drain on any one office within ATIC the Commander has approved the establishment of a volunteer force which will work under the direction of the Aerial Phenomena Group of the Air Science Division when actually engaged in field investigation of UFO sightings. The general ground rules for their employment are as follows:

a. A total group of from 15 to 20 volunteers will be selected from company officers and NCO's presently assigned within ATIC. This group will for the most part be people who do not have much opportunity to travel during the normal course of their duties at ATIC. Once selected they will be given a 20 hour course of instruction in interrogative and investigative procedures and will be checked out on equipment pertinent thereto. Once trained two of these individuals...

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a document titled "UNCLASSIFIED DISPOSITION FORM" related to the UFO Program. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO.	SUBJECT
TO	FROM	UFO Program
AFCIN-4X6	AFCIN-4X4	DATE	COMMENT NO. 1
1. The Commander has just approved establishment of a volunteer force of 18-20 UFO investigators from personnel resources presently available to ATIC. This group will be locally trained and equipped, and will be used to perform primary or supplementary investigation of UFO sightings or the greatest scientific or public interest.
2. Due to remoteness of many areas of UFO sightings, tentative arrangements have been made to employ CAT aircraft and crews to move these people to and from the AF installation nearest to the point of sighting. Further support required will be provided by that installation as outlined in AFR 200-2 dated 5 February 1958.
3. It has been determined that TDY costs to support this investigative force will run in the order of $5000.00 per annum. (See basis for estimate attached hereto). These funds should be programmed and allocated as a separate entity to the Aerial Phenomena Group in support of the UFO Program. In this regard the Aerial Phenomena Group is attempting to compile valid cost data pertaining to overall USAF support of the UFO Program as stipulated in AFR 200-2. Such cost data obtained from all participating agencies plus ATIC will be used to force a decision on just how far the Air Force should go in the UFO Program when compared to all other programs essential to Air Force defense of the nation.
4. It is desired that you advise on the amount of TDY funds which could be made available in support of this program during the 3rd and 4th quarters of FY1959 and what if any problems you envision in allocating $5000.00 for support of this program during FY1960.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a table presenting the "BASIS OF ESTIMATE" for the "TDY TRAVEL OF UFO VOLUNTEER INVESTIGATIVE GROUP". The table provides details such as the number of persons involved (20), trips per person per year (2), trips per annum (100), estimated days per trip (3), total days TDY per annum (300), TDY costs at $12.00 per day ($3,600.00), and miscellaneous costs due to remote nature of sightings ($1,400.00), resulting in a total cost per annum of $5,000.00.

BASIS OF ESTIMATE

TDY TRAVEL OF UFO 
VOLUNTEER INVESTIGATIVE GROUP

Persons involved - 20
Trips per person per year - 2

Trips per annum 100

Estimated days per trip (Total days TDY per annum) 3 (300)

TDY costs at $12.00 per day $3,600.00

Miscellaneous costs due to remote nature 
of many areas of sightings - includes
reimbursable telephone costs, unforeseen
commercial travel in area of sighting, etc. 1,400.00

Total cost per annum $5,000.00

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a document receipt form from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

DOCUMENT RECEIPT
REGISTRY OR CONTROL NUMBER DATE DISPATCHED
18 Dec 1958
FROM: (Return signal date and receipt)
AFCIN-4LH
1. Description of Basic Material: File number, type of material, date of receipt, other classifying data.
2. Number of Inclosures: Number of copies and copy numbers of each and other unclassified identifying data.
(Include number of photographs) Inclosures: Subject (other side, if applicable) and other unclassified identifying data.
3. Date of latest action.
DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT(S) (Avoid any identification which might necessitate classification of this receipt.)
Folder containing following classified and unclassified material
TSB-33342 (S) Memo to AFCIN-Comm, 17 Dec 58 (1-6p) Subj: (U) UFO Program, Cy Nr. 1
Incl 1/1 - (S) Memo to ACSI/R (Draft) subj: UFO Program (TSB-33342, Cy Nr. 1) w/1 Incl
Incl 2 - (C) DRAFT proposed message (1-2p)
Incl #2 - (C) DRAFT-A,B,C,D,E,F,X,X,22, undtd Subj: Disposal of the UFO Program
Incl #3 - (C) DF to AFCIN-4X4, undtd. Subj: UFO Program w/1 Uncl Incl
Incl #4 - Uncl DF to ACIN-4X5
Incl #5 - (C) DF to AFCIN-4X6, undtd. Subj: UFO Program w/1 Uncl Incl
Incl #6 - (C) Ltr to CONTR RE: AFCIN-4X6 (Draft) Subj: UFO Program
Tab A - Conf List of UFO Organizations 
Tab B - Uncl F itzgerald Report
Tab C - Uncl Cy of Ltr
Tab D - News Release (U)
Tab E - Uncl Training Program
Tab F - Uncl Basis of Estimates
Tab G - Conf Memo for the record, 16 Dec 58 re UFO meeting

TOTAL NUMBER OF ENTRIES LISTED:

RECEIPT FOR DOCUMENT(S) DESCRIBED ABOVE IS ACKNOWLEDGED

DATE RECEIVED SIGNATURE

RECEIVING AGENCY TYPED NAME, GRADE, OR TITLE

AF FORM 3105 REPLACES AF FORM 692 WHICH MAY BE USED AND
DD FORM 826 WHICH IS OBSOLETE IN THE USAF

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a declassified UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

SUBJECT: (U) UFO PROGRAM
TO: Commander
USAFE, Hq, General Howe 
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

1. In accordance with the provisions of AFR 200-2 dated 5 February 1958, Subjects Unidentified Flying Objects, this Center is charged with scientifically and technically analyzing and evaluating all reports of UFO's. Additionally we are allowed to make such primary and supplementary field investigations as are necessary to establish the facts from which an adequate analysis and evaluation can be made.

2. Certain shortcomings in investigative endeavors during the past year have made it necessary to establish a group of some 18-20 specially trained and equipped investigators from personnel resources presently available to ATIC. These people will be held in ready reserve and moved into the field on fairly short notice to assist in, or conduct, investigation of those sightings of particular public or scientific interest.

3. Due to the difficulty in rapidly reaching certain USAF facilities by commercial means, and stringent limitations which have been imposed on TDY travel funds this year, I find it necessary to seek out those other possible means of transport which would offer some possibility in support of the UFO investigative program.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED

Specifically we would like to make maximum use of CRT aircraft and crews for delivery and pick up of an occasional 1-2 investigators to Air Force installations in the ZI. Under AFR 200-2 the AF installation nearest the point of UFO sighting will provide further support required from there.

4. Past experience has shown that the bulk of our most critical sightings have taken place in the Northeast portion of the United States. It is envisioned that a maximum of 50 delivery and pick-up flights would occur during any given year or roughly four per month. Distances should normally not exceed 6-800 miles each way.

5. We have tentatively established a project nick-named "Horse Fly" which will have to do with movement of investigators to and from points of interest. That nick-name would be used in any request for military CRT aircraft associated with UFO investigations.

6. With your concurrence I would like very much to have Colonel L. T. Glaser of our Air Science Division brief you further on the needs of our UFO program. This we will do at your convenience. After such a briefing I would be interested in knowing your views relative to amount and priority of support we may expect to obtain through the local CRT media.

CHARLES B. DOUGHER
Major General, USAF
Commander

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS:
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a typed list of various UFO organizations and clubs in the United States.

UNCLASSIFIED
UFO ORGANIZATIONS AND CLUBS IN THE UNITED STATES

1. Aerial Phenomena Research Organization
33.00 per year

2. Borderline Sciences Research Associates
Supposedly non-profit. Has bi-monthly publication.

3. Celestial Vehicle Investigation Committee
Little known re this organization.

4. Civilian Research, Interplanetary Flying Objects
Publication monthly. Elaine J500 members (Lifetime fee membership.)

5. Civilian Saucer Intelligence
Membership $1.00. Dues 50¢ for bulletin

6. Civilian Saucer Investigation
Quarterly bulletins - 50¢ per copy

7. College of Universal Wisdom
Religious foundation. Bi-monthly publication $1.50 per copy.

8. Cup and Saucer Net
Little known re this organization.

9. Detroit Astronomical Society
Little known re this organization.

10. Essence of Reason
Religious fanatical. Monthly report 50¢ per copy.

11. Extra-Terrestrial Research Organization
Claims to be non-profit.

12. Fate Magazine (Club)
Monthly magazine 35¢ per copy.

13. Flying Saucer Club of Detroit
Claims membership of over 3000.

14. Flying Saucer Investigative Associates
Little known re this organization.

15. Flying Saucer International
Los Angeles organization. Claims 10,000 membership. Monthly report.

Classification Cancelled

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed list of various organizations and entities related to UFO research and investigation, such as the "Flying Saucer News", "Fortean Society", "Gravity Foundation", and "Saucer Phenomena and Celestial Enquiry".

UNCLASSIFIED
16. Flying Saucer News
$2.00 per year subscription.
17. Flying Saucer Researchers
Subscription and 5 copies $1.00. 700 members
18. Flying Saucer Research Society 
Little known as this organization
19. Fortean Society
Oldest society. Philosophical and metaphysical.
20. Gravity Foundation
Little known, but active.
21. Great Lakes UFO Association
Little known. Attempting to organize better
22. Holloway School of Philosophy, Health and Religion
4 publications from $0.50 to $1.00
23. International Flying Saucer Bureau
Very little known.
24. Interplanetary News Digest
South California group. Little known.
25. Library Research Group
Little known, but active
26. Little Listening Post
Little known
27. Orgone Energy Institute (W. Reich Foundation)
Director now before Supreme Court for defrauding Government.
28. The 71 Research Association
Headed by individual claiming trip in flying saucer.
29. Saucer and Unexplained Celestial Events Research Society
Little known
30. Saucer Research Foundation of Los Angeles
Little known
31. Saucer Phenomena and Celestial Enquiry
Little known
32. Saucer Sentinel
Little known
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 16 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a document that seems to be an unclassified report or list related to UFO research organizations.

UNCLASSIFIED 

33. Spheres, Incorporated (Los Angeles) 
Bubble Pulsing type of organization

34. The Roundhouse 
Little known, but active.

35. UFO Research Organization 
Claim to be scientists, but indicates low-level of education.

36. Waterbury Saucer Center 
Publisher of (extremely sensational) quarterly. 50¢ per copy.

37. Wixcell Labs of the Chemicraft Science 
Claim to be non-profit

38. Space Observers League 
Newly formed, Little Known

39. Flying Saucer Council of America 
Claims 2000 members.

40. Amerillo Flying Saucer Sighting Center 
Newly Formed

41. Saucer Research Bureau 
Little known re this organization 

42. Telonic Research Center 
Quarterly bulletin 50¢ issue

43. Satellite Science 
Membership $2.00 per year.

44. Institute of Interplanetary Arts & Sciences 
The Director of this impressive sounding organization 
is not a scientist but a night watchman! 

45. UFO Research Council 
Have written to President Eisenhower. Active but few details.

46. NICAP (National Investigative Committee on Aerial Phenomena) 
Cleverly organized. Man "behind the scenes" is keyhoe. 
Soliciting well-known personalities as members.

47. Pacific Lemurian Society - Founder and Director -W. Gordon Allen 
(Pseudo-Scientific "Space-Craft Digest")

48. National Committee for Investigation of UFO's 
Director - T.T. LLORENS

49. Saucer Research Bureau of Rockville Center, N. Y.
DOWNGRAD~D ,\T ;.' YE,\f~ INTERVALS-
NOl' ;'l'TO,'.L.'l - 1C.\ ,,\FTER 12 YE.·1.\S,

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a list of foreign civilian UFO organizations.

UNCLASSIFIED
FOREIGN CIVILIAN UFO ORGANIZATIONS

1. Australian Flying Saucer Investigating Committee
Australia
2. Australian Flying Saucer Bureau
Australia
3. British Flying Saucer Bureau
England
4. Civilian Saucer Investigation
New Zealand
5. Civilian Saucer Investigation of New Zealand
New Zealand
6. Flying Saucer Club
England
7. Flying Saucer Investigation Club
New Zealand
8. Flying Saucer Investigators
New Zealand
9. Flying Saucer Club of Umtali
Rhodesia
10. Hamilton Flying Saucer Investigation Society
New Zealand
11. Interplanetary Research Group
Tasmania
12. New Zealand Interplanetary Society
New Zealand
13. Ouvaroff Societe
France
14. Radar
France
15. South Australia Branch of the Australian Flying Saucer Bureau
Australia
16. Wigam Flying Saucer Club
England
17. Flying Saucer Society
Brazil
18. CIOVI - Center for Investigating Unidentified Flying Objects
Uruguay

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual content. It appears to be a blank page with some markings in the bottom right corner, possibly a page number or identifier.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I did not detect any text content within the provided image. The image simply appears to be a blank page.

- page 19 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs or text. It appears to be a blank, white page with a small letter 'G' in the bottom right corner.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned copy of a letter from Dan E. Haber of Mansfield, Ohio, addressed to Mrs. William H. Fitzgerald of Sheffield Lake, Ohio, dated September 22, 1958.

The text of the letter is as follows:

Mansfield, Ohio
RED #3
Sept. 22, '58

Mrs. William H. Fitzgerald,
234 East Drive,
Sheffield Lake, Ohio

Dear Madam,

The report of your unusual sighting has been noted in this morning's Cleveland Plain Dealer. I am a private researcher in the field of Unidentified Flying Objects and this case has my interest.

Our studies have indicated that some people have had their eyes strained or hurt as well as other physical ailments which presumably result from observing UFO's at close range and for an extended period of time. However, your report indicates that you experienced no aftereffects at all, I am suggesting that you secure the immediate services of a Doctor: if you have not already done so, in order that your ailment is due to the viewing of a UFO this can be of great protection and value to the American people.

Our trouble, Madam, is that your and my government tries to tell us that UFO's do not exist - for that you know nothing. We know better, and we do know that this situation is not a desirable one. Hence, our efforts at present is directed to securing any lever to pry open the truth from our government departments, primarily the Air Force and the Defense Departments. Such an affidavit as I have suggested could be of utmost value.

Too, if you wish I would like to know if any government agent covered your vicinity with a Geiger counter.

Most sincerely,
/s/ Dan E. Haber

- page 21 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It is a blank page with the letter "D" marked in the bottom right corner.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the blank page, the output is:

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document, specifically a memorandum dated December 18, 1958.

MEMORANDUM FOR THE COMMANDER, AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
THRU: AFCIN-ME//

(U) UFO Program

1. The attached study summarizes the UFO problem in ATIC as we see it. Recent developments in this program are well defined the scope of the operation seems to have grown by topsy 
rather than design. The fact that the USAF has the only governmentally sanctioned activity engaged in UFO analysis and evaluation brings us reports from all over the world - including some which seem to have to do with objects of public interest involved essentially places ATIC in a rather uncontrollable focal position.

2. For those reasons indicated above we must, I believe, lay on the certain short-comings of the program and request those actions necessary to make the USAF position a definable one. There are only a few things that we must determine: how much the taxpayers money should be spent on this program, or cause other action to be taken against questionable UFO organizations to reduce the scope of USAF activities.

3. The approval of program outlined in basic study is recommended.

LEONARD H. GLASER
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-ME2

- page 23 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a government news release from the Department of Defense Office of Public Information in Washington, D.C. regarding unidentified flying objects.

The text of the document is as follows:

IMMEDIATE RELEASE
October 6, 1958

FACT SHEET

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT "UNKNOWNS" 
STILL BELOW 2 PERCENT IN LATEST 1,270 CASES

According to latest information tabulated by Air Force authorities charged with investigation of Unidentified Flying Objects, 1,270 new UFO reports were investigated during the period July 1, 1957 to June 30, 1958. Of these reports the proportion of unexplained or "unknown" UFO sightings were definitely established as natural phenomena in 1,163 cases, i.e., less than 2 percent of the reports.

Although investigations were completed on these "unknown" cases without positive or final conclusions, further evaluations and analysis revealed that 14 percent of the reports were classified as unknowns.

Investigations were completed on these "unknown" cases without conclusive substantiations that such sightings were interplanetary.

A sighting is considered unknown when the report contains sufficient information to draw at least one valid conclusion from the descriptive data provided on the phenomena. Air Force investigative processes, however, have resulted in a steady decrease in the numbers of UFO reports placed in this category. During the early months of the Air Force's investigation, some 20 percent of the reports were classified as unknowns. These unknowns were reduced to 3.9 percent in 1953 and 1954, 3.5 percent in 1955, and 1.9 percent in 1956.

The 1,270 new reports during the past thirteen months increases the total Air Force investigations concluded since June 1947 to more than 6,000.

All investigations of reported unusual aerial objects are conducted by the U.S. Air Force Air Defense Command personnel. These select scientific advisory group at the Air Technical Intelligence Center analyze all information.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing unidentified flying objects.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Professor of Astrophysics and Astronomy at the Air Force on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects.

His lectures and those of other qualified civilian scientists are utilized if deemed necessary by the Air Force to further investigations of the general subject. As an example, a panel of scientists was called upon the Air Force in 1953 to make an over-all examination of investigative procedures and findings on specific projects.

The panel said at that time "the evidence presented on UFOs showed no indications which these phenomena constitute a direct threat to national security." Further, there was no residuum of cases which indicated phenomena are attributable to hostile foreign agents. The panel concluded that national security agencies should take immediate steps to strip the Unidentified Flying Objects of the special status they have been given and the aura of mystery they have unfortunately acquired.

In line with this recommendation, the Air Force periodically scrutinizes through the scrutinization process and classification of findings pertaining to cases which have received national attention. Only in a few instances were slight indications of some elements in our air defense system, and no reports containing any evidence to the contrary that UFOs were real. Moreover, there are no Air Force documents which indicate the existence of any artifacts which can be logically associated with such items as would be threatened by machines from other planets.

However, because of limited personnel resources and to preclude possible embarrassment to individuals who have assisted Air Force in investigations, the Air Force does not desire to correct erroneous or detailed analyses of special cases.

A tabulation and evaluation of UFO report statistics follows:

The following represent the results of the evaluation of world-wide UFO reports investigated and analyzed during the period July 1, 1957 through December 31, 1957, under pertinent categories:

UFO Report Evaluations -- By Category and Percentage Breakdown:
Total Reports 228
Balloons......................................143 Totals 63.16%
Aircraft.....................................214 93.86%
Astronomical.................................265 28.95%
Others (Lights, Birds).....................139 14.91%
Insufficient Data..........................15 6.61%
Unknown.....................................15 6.61%
Sum Total.................................228 100.00%

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text and numerical data. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

2. The following represents the results of the evaluation of world-wide UFO reports investigated, processed and analyzed during the period January 1, 1958 through July 31, 1958, under pertinent categories:

UFO REPORT EVALUATIONS -- BY CATEGORY and Percentage Breakdown:
Total Reports 342
Balloons.............................91 26.9%
Astronomical........................89 26.0%
Others (Hoax) ......................72 21.1% 
Insufficient Data...................48 14.0%
Unknown..............................42 12.3%
Sum Total..........................342 100.0%

3. UFO Evaluations -- Category Breakdown by Months: July 1957 - June 1958
July 16 28 7 0 1
Aug. 25 19 6 2 15
Sept. 25 19 3 4 7
Oct. 49 37 112 4 13
Nov. 20 105 74 70 22
Dec. 5 13 18 5 2
Jan. 7 15 15 4 1
Feb. 5 11 15 3 1
March 5 9 12 10 8 
April 7 17 9 10 4
May 7 8 9 7 4
June 11 205 12 14 8
July Totals 151 294 353 224 185 21

END

- page 26 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph or visual content. It appears to be a blank page with a label or stamp in the bottom right corner.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I cannot detect any textual information in the provided image. The image appears to be a blank page without any text.

- page 27 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a training program outline for UFO investigators, covering various topics such as introduction, investigation, interrogation, equipment, general information, reporting, and summary. The document does not contain any photographs.

TRAINING PROGRAM
(UFO INVESTIGATOR)
(20 Hours)

1. Introduction
   a. Background and History of the UFO Program
   b. Philosophy
   c. Public Relations
2. Investigation
   a. Procedures
   b. Techniques
3. Interrogation
   a. Philosophy
   b. Procedure
   c. Techniques
   d. Psychology
4. Equipment
   a. Geiger Counter
     1. Purpose
     2. Method of Operation
     3. Operation
   b. Cameras
     1. Purpose
     2. Operation
   c. Compass
     1. Purpose
     2. Operation
   d. Binoculars
     1. Purpose
     2. Operation
   e. Misc. Equipment
     1. Purpose
5. General Information
   a. Astronomy
   b. Balloons
   c. Satellites
6. Reporting
7. Summary

- page 28 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page from a scanned document.

Performing OCR on the image:

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document titled "BASIS OF ESTIMATE" that provides details about the travel of a UFO Volunteer Investigative Group.

BASIS OF ESTIMATE

TPY TRAVEL OF UFO VOLUNTEER INVESTIGATIVE GROUP

Persons involved - 20
Trips per person per year - 5
Trips per annum - 100
Estimated days per trip - 3
Total days TPY per annum - 300
TPY costs at $12.00 per day - $3,600.00

Miscellaneous costs due to remote nature of many areas of sightings, includes radio, telephone, shop expenses, commercial travel in area of sighting, etc. - $1,400.00

Total cost per annum - $5,000.00

- page 30 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph or visible text. It appears to be a blank white page with some small black spots or markings in the upper corners.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum for the record regarding a meeting of UFO investigators from existing ATIC resources at 1300 hours on this date. The text describes the details of the meeting, including the attendees, the briefing from Colonel Glaser on the proposed plan for improving reports and investigations within the overall UFO program, and the discussion by CWO Thomas regarding the possibility of establishing necessary volunteer forces to carry out a training program for UFO investigators.

MEMORANDUM FOR THE RECORD

1. At 1300 hours this date, a meeting was held in the Air Science Division regarding the feasibility of establishing a volunteer force of UFO investigators from existing ATIC resources. Persons in attendance at this meeting were:

Colonel I. T. Glaser - AFCIN-4H4
Major R. J. Friend - AFCIN-4E4
Captain T. C. James - AFCIN-4X5C
Captain R.R. Martin - AFCIN-4X5B
CWO W.T. Thomas - AFCIN-4X4b
Mr. H.E. Hayes - AFCIN-4X4b

2. Colonel Glaser briefed all conferees on present shortcomings within the UFO program as outlined under the provisions of AIR FORCE Regulation 200-2. He then revealed to the conferees the essence of our proposed plan for improving reports and investigations within the overall UFO Program.

3. CWO Thomas indicated that he could foresee no particular difficulty in obtaining necessary volunteers to carry out our proposed program, provided that the people were sufficiently briefed on shortcomings within the UFO program and the need for further ATIC participation in this program. He suggested the setting up of a specially trained program for UFO investigators provided that we could see our way clear to make a series of training kits available comparable to what we have done in our regular Civil Air Patrol training program. The problem that we could see was one of scheduling which we all felt could be satisfactorily worked out once the program was approved. Captain James could foresee no particular difficulty in providing the basic equipment necessary for six highway kits of UFO investigative equipment. He indicated that due to the lack of procedure that we had to provide Air Force stock equipment for these kits, Captain James indicated that he could anticipate some difficulty because of the number of pilots to be serviced by the kits. Nevertheless, he felt that some support could be obtained through GMR channel, provided that the necessary command approval was obtained. He pointed out that we would probably be able to move a lot faster if we could provide the necessary money for commercial transportation. He pointed out that in view of the nominal nature of the program being proposed and the present limitations on ATIC funds, this would probably call for a nominal appropriation to make possible the best use that we could of GMR capability.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 32 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an unclassified U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

OCR output:

4. This meeting adjourned at 1420 hours this date.

LEONARD T. GLASER
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4s4

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS;
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS.
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO program.

UNCLASSIFIED
AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO
17 December 1958

AFOIN-4E
MEMORANDUM FOR COMMANDER, AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER

THRU: AFCIN-4E
AFCIN-4T
SUBJECT: UFO Program

1. After some four months of working with the UFO Program, as outlined in AFR 200-2, I find certain deficiencies in this Program which in my opinion must be corrected if we are to fulfill adequately those requirements assigned to us.

2. In order to appreciate the deficiencies in the UFO Program as presently constituted, certain background facts are necessary. These are:

(1) The Objectives of the UFO Program are to first, determine the possible threat of UFO's to the security of the United States and its forces; second, to determine the technical characteristics of UFO's; and third, to identify all UFO sightings.

(2) Reporting and investigation of UFO's is the responsibility of Commanders of the Air Force Bases. This is supplemented by the 4602d AISS.

(3) Collect all data and evaluate all reports of UFO's emanating from the ZI and overseas areas. ATIC may independently, or in participation with pertinent USAF activities, conduct supplementary investigations.

(4) The Office of Information Services of the Secretary of the Air Force (SAFIS) will handle public relations and press releases pertaining to the UFO Program. The Office of Legislative Liaison will handle Congressional inquiries. Both of these agencies look to ATIC for specific answers pertaining to sightings and evaluations thereof.

(5) Prompt reporting and rapid identification of UFO's is essential in the Air Force and public interest.

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED

2. b. During the year ending 1 November 1959, 1,069 sightings of UFO's were reported to ATIC. One hundred and ten of these were foreign sightings. Three sightings, 252, approximately 20%, or 192, should have been investigated further by trained and equipped observers, because of factors that indicate a possible unknown from the standpoint of military data collectors (this does not exist to classify them otherwise).

c. Forty-nine (49) UFO organizations (See Tab A) exist in the United States indicating self-proclaimed experts whose activities and efforts of various individuals and agencies such as NICAP, CISP, and others, are sometimes a deterrent to the Air Force, its investigations, and its ultimate evaluation of reported sightings. These organizations and for the most part individuals, are well equipped, and do in fact conduct a very comprehensive, although biased, field investigation. (These comments clearly result in some doubt being cast on such organizations as Mr. Haber (See Tab C) for reasons known only to him, take advantage of every opportunity to indite others).

d. The people reporting UFO's are for the most part honest and reliable, and in no way do they invite ridicule or attention such as an publicity seeker would. The way in which the average person is brought to the attention of eminent authorities, such as Mr. Townsend, Assistant to the Assistant Director of the Research and Engineering, who recently reported a sighting from the Washington, D. C. area. These people feel strongly about what they see and report sightings in a strictly patriotic interest. A prompt investigation, sound analysis, and accurate reports dealing with their findings have shown that aircraft, astronomical phenomena, balloons, birds, etc. account for a large portion of their observations. However, a small percentage remain unidentified and unidentical to the factors mentioned. These require a slopppy investigation, evaluation based upon inadequate facts, and subsequent efforts to discredit their observations and subsequent endeavors by the various UFO organizations.

3. In light of the background information provided above these deficiencies take on their proper importance:

a. Investigations conducted by various Air Force installations in many cases (and particularly those maintaining close observation or landing of UFO's) are inadequate to serve our needs for prompt and accurate evaluation. This is apparently so for these reasons:

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 35 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book report.

UNCLASSIFIED

1. (1) Due to knowledge of the official Air Force position that we have to consider as genuine those reports from outer space (see fact (b) that a degree of complacency has crept into the program resulting in some believe that this is a subject requiring a more active and cooperative investigation, and fact (e) we have daily had to make evaluations.

(2) As a result in part from the complacency indicated above, considerable time is lost in getting investigations under way, and all too frequently the investigations once conducted and completed either do not result in a final evaluations, or the individual concerned with regard to his competence as an investigator, and ability to properly handle the public contact do not represent a program. We have in fact received reports where well skilled investigators, either private or affiliated with DCDC investigations, have not been as with the scene, primed with the key witnesses, and actually remained present during the investigation. Air Force representatives.

(3) As indicated in paragraph 2 above, many of the private and organized themselves on the scene well equipped to conduct a field investigation. Invariably they have come armed with complicated instruments and various means of recording any phenomena. This is very impressive to the unitiated. And particularly so when the Air Force investigator appears latter appears on the scene. With nothing but a notebook and pencil for use in interrogating witnesses. Some basic factual information obtained from individuals indicates that many cases have been "lost" in many instances.

(4) Investigators are selected apparantly with some degree of random from Air Force installations, and in some cases obviously unskilled in conducting a comprehensive investigation. They often are given an assignment when they consider their job done without regard to the overall questions that must be the final analysis to be answered. (I.e. what was it? does it represent a threat? etc.)

(5) The pattern of investigative reports through various command and mail channels is excrutiatingly slow. Especially in those high-priority published cases wherein DOD starts setting inquiries for analysis type information as soon as public press, radio, and television reports emerge. In many cases in the past this pressure for information has built up to Congressional inquiries prior to AFCIC handling the basic information from a recent approval of the investigation go get.

(6) In numerous instances in the past UFO sightings have drawn a great amount of public interest (have been published widely in the press, radio, television, magazines, etc.) have never been officially presented by the USAF or UPO organizations to point up the inadequacy of the job the Air Force is doing. Furthermore, they bring the same scene up time and time again in an effort to force us to reveal our findings because they know full well that we will never have none.

UNCLASSIFIED

Page 3 of 6

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force project to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would output:

UNCLASSIFIED

cited has never been officially reported to the Air Force. It strengthens their case that they're doing a better job for the country than the Air Force supposed by their critics, and limitations.

4. The information and deficiencies outlined above appear pretty minimum, and lack many considerations, however, to our problem and I believe that it can be had by quite simply applying an aggressive approach, and by consulting a mounting amount of resources to the job. Fundamentally, I believe that if we are to be properly fulfill ATIC's responsibility in the UFO Program it should not be publicly interest, then we must come up with scientifically valid facts which cannot be readily refuted. Those should cover as many areas as possible, and particularly those offered and demanded in this interrogation.

5. That we "fire up" the investigative and reporting action at base level through the medium of an all major commands message from HQ USAF. That to:

(1) Reaffirm the urgency of prompt and adequate investigative and reporting action.
(2) Require official reporting and investigation of sightings announced by local press, radio, or television.
(3) Require use of basic assay type instrumentation in conduct of investigations.
(4) Advise of early distribution of investigative and interrogation SOP (addendum to AFR 200-2) for use in conduct of field investigations.

b. That we address ourselves immediately to preparation of a comprehensive SOP which will properly guide otherwise unskilled investigators on the proper conduct of an UFO field investigation. This to be distributed as an addendum to AFR 200-2 with local reproduction authorized.

c. That from presently available resources within ATIC we create a volunteer service of some 16-20 military personnel to aid in field investigation of the more critical UFO cases.

(1) To the propose have drawn from USAF company grade and non-commissioned officers who do not have much opportunity for TDY travel and field work during the conduct of their duties at ATIC. This group will be given a twenty hour course of instruction by our military training department under the general guidance of the assistant DI and Monsanto representatives, with emphasis on investigative procedures and the proper use of equipment pertinent thereto (See Tab B).

(2) Two members of the ATIC UFO volunteer group will be placed on alert each week and will be on call for critical investigative duty. Their travel and per diem costs will be borne by this program. It is estimated that a roster maintained by the Aerial Phenomena Group ATIC) will be adequate for this purpose.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
(2) that each man may expect to investigate 5 cases per year. They will in each case be approved promptly 8 days.
(3) Approximately six sets of investigative equipment will be made up into suit-case type flyaway kits. These will be kept in a constant state of readiness by the Aerial Phenomena Group and will be promptly issued to investigators for use in each case. These sets will include the following items of equipment:
(a) Tape recorder.
(b) Assay type geiger counter.
(c) Cameras and film.
(d) Transit or compass.
(e) Swipe test filter papers.
(f) Earth and swipe test sample containers.
(g) Binoculars.
(h) USG and GS maps of the area of interest.
(i) Interrogation and investigative forms.
(j) Necessary paper, pencils, etc.
(4) Orders for TDY travel will be initiated by the Aerial Phenomena Group for the movement of the volunteer group. These orders will cite TDY funds which should be made available for sole support of this program. Assistance, primarily military air lift (see following paragraph), and maximum support from nearest Air Force facilities as stipulated in AFR 200-2, we estimate per annum TDY costs in support of this program at $5,000.00 (See Tab A - Support of this program directly to the Phenomena Group).
a. To keep costs down, and at the same time to allow prompt movement to Air Force bases nearest to scene of critical sightings, it is proposed that the procedures prescribed in AFR 300-2 be followed to provide for priority air movement of ATIC UFO investigators to nearest Air Force facilities using CPR aircraft and pilots. Crew and aircraft will stand by for investigations taking less than one day. Return flights will pick up investigators where more than one day is required.
5. Due to the many ramifications of the program presented herein a conference regarding the feasibility was held on 16 December 1958 (see Tab C). This meeting confirmed the feasibility of the program as outlined above.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 38 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image.

Text Extracted from the Document:

UNCLASSIFIED
Proper command approval is obtained and resources committed
in support thereof.

6. Recommendations:

a. It is recommended that present deficiencies in the UFO
program be corrected by adoption of the program outlined herein.
Such approval to be acknowledged by authentication of specific draft documents
attached herewith.

(1) Specific request to A CS/I for message from USAF to all
USAF commands requesting support of UFO program as outlined in AF COC-2.
(2) Approval of DP's to ATIC directors and separate staff
offices soliciting volunteers for UFO investigative group.
(3) Approval of DF to AFCIN-4JC, establishing requirement
for training of volunteers (group).
(4) Approval of DF to AFCIN-4JR regarding equipment required
in support of (3) above.
(5) Approval of DF to AFCIN-1XA directing establishment of
program for and allocation of any funds in support of the UFO investigative effort.
(6) Approval of DF to Commander, Wright-Patterson AFB
requesting GRF support of the UFO investigative program.

ROBERT 1 GLAER
Colonel, USAF
ATIC-4jZ

DOWNGRADED AT
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS:
DOD DIR 5200.10

UNCLASSIFIED
Page 6 of 6
Cy 1 of 2

- page 39 -

