The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE, TIME AND LOCATION
December 1958
Washington, D.C.

2. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

3. PHOTOS
N/A

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Series of photographs allegedly taken of "Blilast-offs" in the moon.

11. COMMENTS
Concluded that source was probably either for photographic or astronomical reasons, and not likely a reflection of any actual personal or possibly both.

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a photograph or illustration of what seems to be two unidentified flying objects or other objects in space. The image is marked as "UNCLASSIFIED" and is part of a document from the Foreign Technology Division, AFSC.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book. There is no photograph visible in this image, only text. The text states "PHOTOGRAPHS OF UFO 1 DEC 38 WASHINGTON, D.C. HOAX" and is marked as "UNCLASSIFIED".

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output all the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
PHOTOGRAPHS OF UFO
1 DEC 38
WASHINGTON, D.C.
HOAX
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

The image appears to show a black-and-white photograph of what looks like a UFO or unidentified aerial phenomenon silhouetted against a cloudy sky. The object has an elliptical or oval shape. No other details or features are visible in the photograph.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from Lawrence J. Tacker of the Public Information Division, Office of Information Services, addressed to someone whose name has been redacted. The letter discusses the analysis of some visual observations that were provided and states that the original photographs will be viewed by Air Technical Intelligence Center personnel.

Text extracted from the document:

16 December 1958

Dear Mr. ***,

Major Robert J. Friend of the Air Technical Intelligence Center has asked me to write and thank you for the photographs you so graciously provided. Under separate cover, I am returning those photographs to you, as they would be viewed by Air Technical Intelligence Center personnel only.

Upon completion of the Air Technical Intelligence Center analysis and your evaluation, the original photographs will be returned to you.

Sincerely, 

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a routing slip with handwritten information.

Routing Slip
9 Dec 58
Addressee: Capt. Glasser
APOIN-4-12
Col. Carter
AFOIE-2
Maj. Tecker
SAFIS-3

1. Request you write a letter to thanking him for the photographs which he gave to PR: if prompted his that these photographs would be to the security in the industry and you might reassure him of this.

2. The address is: [address redacted]

Anacostia: The sender, but I think he is located in streets just beyond his line of South control streets.

FROM : Maj. or Lt. Col. Robert E. Olsson
AFOIE-4-12
DD 1355 955 Fitzsimons Hosp. USAF 6-9-216

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There does not appear to be any photograph included in this particular page. 

The text in the document is as follows:

TO: ASOIN-4D

FROM: ASDIN-4D 3 DEC 1958 COMMENT NO. 9

A. Ref: AFOSR-TR-58-69 dated 18 Dec 58/69A/922 8500.

A. The report of the unidentified objects observed and photographed near Washington, D.C. during the period 1 Dec 1952 to 30 Oct 1953 has been forwarded to this headquarters for study and evaluation.

2. It is requested that any additional information related to Major Friend essentially the same information as that contained in the report, be forwarded so that a more complete file can be maintained here.

3. The inclosed photographs are those released to Major Friend by the Office of Public Information as a copy of the report, and are to be forwarded with the prints.

4. The prints should be returned to ASCP to become a part of the file on this incident.

Incls:
Exhibit A: 11 photos

DONALD T. GLASER
ASOIN-4D
USAF

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

AFOTN-LB Weekly Activity Report
SUBJECT: UFO Program                                           11 December 1958

1. Major Friend of the Aerial Phenomena Group, Air Science Division, visited Washington, D.C., 1 December 1958, to converse with W/Gen. Watson claiming possession of photographs of UFOs in the earth's atmosphere and also being launched from the moon. Major Friend secured several of the photographs which are presently in D.D. for interpretation. 
A complete analysis of the findings will be prepared by D.D. in the near future.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten list of items related to a case, including the number of photos and their sizes.

THIS CASE INCLUDES
10 PHOTOS 5X7
2 " 5X4
3 " 8X10
1 NEGATIVE 3 3/4 X 9 1/2 IN
6 NEGATIVES 5X4 IN

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a "Photo Service Request" form used for government photographic work.

PHOTO SERVICE REQUEST
DATE: 18 Dec 59
PROJECT NO.: 57710
TASK NO.: 19-101
INITIATOR: Sgt. Moody
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES: (Includes purposes of request, time and place of requirement, and other pertinent information.)
Prints, 3x4
PHOTOGRAPHIC SPECIFICATIONS
MATERIAL FURNISHED: 8 Photos
REMARKS/ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
RECEIPT FOR PHOTOGRAPHIC WORK
I certify that I have received the photographic prints, negatives and/or material requested and used in the service of the UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT ONLY.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

UNCLASSIFIED
TO: AFCIN-4D FROM: AFOIN-ILA 3 DEC 1958 COMMENT NO. 3

1. Major Friend of AFR visited 4 Dec 1956. Interviewed him, and during the period 1 Dec 1958 photographs referred to in 3.a. below.
2. The released photographs related to Major Friend essentially the same information as that contained in the encl. photographs.
3. The enclosed photographs are those released to Major Friend by your office on prints and films. It is requested that an interpretation and report on these be forwarded to AFR.
4. The prints should be returned to AFR to become a part of the file on Mr.

LEONARD T. GLASER
COLONEL, USAF
AFOIN-ILA

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects.

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: December 1958
2. LOCATION: Washington, D.C.
3. DATE/TIME OBSERVATION: N/A
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: N/A
6. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: N/A
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N/A
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Civilian
9. COURSE: N/A
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Series of photographs allegedly taken of "pillars of fire" in the moon.
11. COMMENTS: Concluded that source was possibly astronomical, meteorological, or possibly both.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was determined: Possibly Astronomical, Possibly Meteorological, Possibly Aircraft.

- page 12 -

The image appears to contain a news article or report discussing an eruption on the moon that astronomers were studying. The article mentions that there were bright flashes observed on the moon's surface, which experts were analyzing and awaiting further details about. There does not appear to be any photograph included in this particular page of the document.

Experts Await Details
Of Eruption on Moon

Astronomers here are keenly interested and watching with intense concentration on the moon a few days ago.

The great Russian astronomer, V. A. Fesenkov, quoted in the official Soviet news agency Tass, said at 8:30 Saturday evening, Dec. 6, his observatory had observed the appearance of bright flashes on the moon, lasting about 50 minutes. 

This was an important observation, the more so because it was corroborated by the similar observations of other Soviet astronomers.  

It seems that instead of one eruption, there were a series of brief eruptions, the first of which began about 8:30 p.m. and lasted about 30 minutes. There were then two more eruptions at 9:10 p.m. and 9:40 p.m., each lasting about 10 minutes.

The head of the Astrophysical Institute of the U.S.S.R. Academy of Sciences, Professor Fesenkov, said the eruptions were clearly visible to the naked eye.

Astronomers the world over are keenly interested in this observation and are watching the moon with the greatest care, hoping to get further details.

The Soviet news agency said the explanation for the phenomenon is that the explosions were caused by the impact of meteorites on the lunar surface. This was the explanation given by Professor Fesenkov.

It is interesting to note that similar observations were made by American astronomers, according to reports. Mr. John O'Keefe, an astronomer at the Goddard Space Flight Center of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, said his observatory had observed the flashes, but he did not give the exact time.

The intensity of the flashes, according to the Soviet report, was so great that they could be seen with the naked eye. This, of course, indicates a terrific amount of energy was released, enough to be visible from the earth.

Astronomers are most anxious to get further details about the duration, intensity and other characteristics of these flashes, as this may throw light on the nature of the lunar surface and the forces at work there.

The possibility of actual volcanic activity on the moon cannot be ruled out, although the generally accepted theory is that the moon is a dead world, with no internal activity.

Experts are awaiting with keen interest the further reports that may come in from observatories all over the world which have been closely watching the moon in the last few days.

Karami Power Voted
MOSCOW, Dec. 7 (AP) - The Soviet parliament today approved the appointment of Ali Amini as Premier of Iran. The vote was 341 to 1.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was the United States Air Force's official investigation of unidentified flying objects.

AFOIM-LD dt 14 Nov 58, subj: Unidentified Objects on the moon.
TO AFOIM-LE
FROM AFCIN-lE
17 November 1958 CMT NR.2
Col Gilbert/je/bldg 25/51132

Attention is invited to Comment #1 from ., and newspaper clipping attached.

With particular reference to paragraphs 2 and 3, it would appear that someone should initiate action to try and clean up the situation. Be sure to get all past history from
H. K. GILBERT
Col Gilbert/je/bldg 25/51132

DOWNGRADE TO:

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 14 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing typewritten text.

AVON-4D ld key 58, subj: Conversation with RE Regarding UNCLASSIFIEDCATION on the above. original film. This would be possible particularly if the "light spray" was reflec tion could also account for the negative results in the area of confir mation. This would also account for the fact that the area of the battle the ground has been consistently referred to as the site of the exposure, possibility of the exposure. The photodraphy in general is poor. It shows the result of improper care in developing and printing, thereby introducing conditions that are unnecessarily difficult to evaluate.

2 Incl: 1. HERMAN Deputy

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with handwritten text at the top that says "Mr. Washington D.C. 8 Dec 58" and the number "1" written in the top left corner.

MR WASHINGTON D.C. 
8 DEC 58

1

- page 16 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is a photograph present, which appears to be a group of unidentified objects on the moon.

Regarding the text found in the document:

UNIDENTIFIED

Regarding Unidentified Objects on the Moon

ACTO-49

FROM: ACIN-4D

COMMENT NO. 4

1. This report is in compliance to a request by Col. Glasser of ACIN-4D dated 6 December 1958.

2. The subject photographs comprise three (3) groups pertaining to (1) an unidentified flying object or objects with large opening(s) or light(s) touching its image, and (2) photographs (of 35 mm film) showing several exposures of the moon.

3. These photographs and the photographic analysis prepared in order to arrive at a realistic interpretation. The analysis and interpretation phases were conducted by photo analysts for ACIN-4D. The analysis was not obtained elsewhere and relates solely to the examination of the photographs and from past experience with the problems of photography. There is no other information or evidence but the photographs.

4. In review (1) the unidentified objects giving indications of a change in appearance or shape are but small change in size, open and having a plastic body. This is evidenced by the transparency around the outlines.

5. In group (2) the interest is centered around a copy photograph of 35 mm film of a curious "spray" of diffused lights on which 5 irregular objects appear to be transparent and luminous. The photographic quality is poor and precise details of the objects cannot be concluded. The five objects in view of the moon appear to be transparent and luminous.

6. In group (3) the interest is centered around a copy photograph of the moon under different lighting conditions. The photograph could indicate some unknown reflectivity which leaves a somewhat cloudy or irregular halo around the moon's edge.

This is the full text found in the document.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements other than the text and page number. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Mr.
WASHINGTON, D.C.
5 DEC 58
3

- page 18 -

The image appears to show a black and white photograph depicting two crescent-shaped objects or structures against a starry background. The objects seem to be similar in shape and size, and they appear to be floating or suspended in the night sky.

TEXT OUTPUT:
No text was found on this page of the document.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or page from a Project Blue Book report, with handwritten text at the top identifying the location as "WASHINGTON, D.C." and the date as "5 DEC 58".

WASHINGTON, D.C.
5 DEC 58

- page 20 -

The image appears to show a black-and-white photograph of what appears to be a large, oval-shaped object in the sky. The object seems to be partially obscured by clouds or other atmospheric conditions, giving it a blurry, indistinct appearance. There is no indication of any human presence or identification in the image.

Text from the document:

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT 
DATE: 7 DECEMBER 1958
LOCATION: WASHINGTON, D.C.
DETAILS: AT APPROXIMATELY 5:15 P.M. ON 7 DECEMBER 1958, THE OBSERVER SITED A LARGE, OVAL-SHAPED OBJECT IN THE SKY OVER WASHINGTON, D.C. THE OBJECT APPEARED TO BE APPROXIMATELY ONE MILE IN DIAMETER AND WAS PARTIALLY OBSCURED BY CLOUDS. THE OBJECT REMAINED STATIONARY FOR SEVERAL MINUTES BEFORE MOVING RAPIDLY TO THE NORTHWEST AND DISAPPEARING FROM VIEW.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with some handwritten text in the top left corner that says "Mr. Washington, D.C. 5 DEC 58" and a number "4" written in the top right corner.

Mr. Washington, D.C.
5 DEC 58
4

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

UNCLASSIFIED

had greater significance due to Russian astronomons - (I can not) that he had advised astronauts at the Pentagon to the effect that this was just photographic "blast-offs."

asked Major Friend his position and if he were free to make a definite commitment concerning the Air Force's attitude toward the developer. The Major Friend said he was inhibited from making any definitive statement as the Air Force's Division still feels sensitivity on the film.

However, was persistent in the connection of his developer and the image, his belief that the present commercial developers should be paid to cover the expense he had incurred in making these photographic studies, approximately $10,000. He expressed great dissatisfaction with his labor and the technique for capturing this phenomena on film; and

Major Friend requested prints of the film to bring back for analysis and critical interpretation. Seemingly question to Major Friend as to why he should turn the prints over to the Air Force when he had been given strict instructions not to disclose the contents. The Major indicated taking the photographs constituted a threat to national security as use was duty bound to release the photographs to the Air Force but if he would be in

At this point informed Major Friend that the reasons the pictures had not been released by him for public information numbered four:

1. He couldn't support his family on the $10.00 a day paid to Williames of Congregational hearings, and he was sure a hearing would result.

2. The Russians had been first in so many things he couldn't allow them to get a start here, using his pictures as a springboard.

3. He was afraid someone like would take the information and cause a panic.

4. He was afraid because of security reasons.

The officer could hear the dialing and the first half of the conversation, but could not make out the specifics of the conversation. The officer immediately after dialing. The last half of the conversation was very much like the same conversation with Major Friend. Supposedly submitting to his lawyer's advice that he would be subject to prosecution in taking the photographs and further that he would be subject to the Espionage Act for taking possession of them.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 23 -

The image appears to be a blurry, low-quality photograph. It shows a dark, grainy landscape with what looks like a bright white or illuminated area in the middle of the frame. There are no identifiable human figures or other distinct elements in the image.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

There appears to be no legible text within the document image provided.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, with handwritten text and numbers at the top of each section.

MR WASHINGTON, D.C.
5 DEC 58

MR WASHINGTON, D.C.
5 DEC 58

- page 25 -

The image provided appears to show a photographic image from an old UFO report document. The image depicts several dark, oval-shaped objects or entities in a landscape with a hilly or mountainous background. The image appears to be grainy and low-resolution, likely a reproduction or scan of an original photograph.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract the text from the document:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
AUGUST 1955

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document, which appears to be a form or letter addressed to "Mr. Washington, D.C." dated "5 DEC 58" with some redacted information and an illegible signature.

Mr. Washington, D.C.
5 DEC 58
7.7

- page 27 -

The image contains two black and white photographs of what appear to be unidentified flying objects or UFOs. The top photograph shows a circular or oval-shaped object with a bright center, while the bottom photograph shows a similar but more elongated object.

TEXT OUTPUT:
AERIAL PHENOMENA
Tape Recordings of Incidents in Area of Mt. Rainier, Washington
7 December 1958
Reel No. 7204061
Subject Index:
1. Aerial Phenomena sighting near Mt. Rainier, Washington, reported by 
Mr. J. B. Hartranft, airplane pilot.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page from an old document, with some handwritten text at the top that says "Mr. [redacted], Washington, DC 5 DEC 58" and a symbol or mark at the bottom of the page.

Mr. [redacted]
Washington, DC
5 DEC 58

- page 29 -

The image contains two photographs. The top photograph shows a wooded, outdoor scene. The bottom photograph shows a dark silhouette or object, possibly a UFO or other unidentified flying object, in an outdoor setting.

Text from the document:

10

- page 30 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with handwritten text at the top and bottom.

The text at the top reads "Mr [redacted], Washington D.C. 5 Dec 58", and the text at the bottom reads "Mr [redacted], Washington D.C. 5 Dec 58".

- page 31 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or document scan. It shows a rectangular dark area, which seems to be a blacked-out or redacted section of the original document.

OCR Text:
Page 32
7204061
7 Dec 58
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
Washington, D.C.
SUMMARY 
[Text redacted]

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

UNCLASSIFIED
ATGIN-ND 14 NOV 59 SUBJ: Conversation with Mr. _______ regarding unidentified objects on the moon.
original films. This would be plausible particularly if the flight supposedly occurred on the "lighted" or rear side of the moon. Under certain conditions the celestial objects and their reflections could be seen in the sky near the moon. The original photography in general is poor. It shows the result of improper care in developing the positives. The details are insufficient and differ from what was seen through the telescope. The quality of the explanation would be strengthened if photographic proof were available. The photography in general is poor. It more the result of improper care in developing the positives that are unecessarily difficult to explain.

2 tools
1. h/c of photos
2. ll photos

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 33 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
27 March 1959
MEMO FOR RECORD
SUBJECT: UFO Pictures of
I. The Investigation:

Major Friend of the Aerial Phenomena Group, Air Sciences Division, AFAFIN-44, visited Washington, D. C., 1 December 1958 through 4 December 1958. MAJOR FRIEND reported his interview with
who was supposed to have some photographs and a developer he has supposedly perfected, has plagued M/Gen. 
.

Prior to contacting Major Friend cleared with both Major Pyrna of AFGSC and Major Tetrick of
. Neither had heard of

Initial contact with was made by telephone on the morning of 3 December 1958. Information developed that is would be impossible to grant an appointment before approximately 1900, due to a large number of existing engagements persons in high places and a pressing agency with which they were associated. He later let drop broad hints like "we can still talk to you" but indicating this initial governmental contact would serve as a cover up and not to eat. This one comment serves to sum up the man's attitude toward the government and may indicate the United States Air Force.

At approximately 1900 on 3 December 1958, Major Friend arrived at the place of business in which was located. Major Friend met Major outside of his office and immediately recognized credentials indicating was some highly placed official in other government agency. It was obvious at that what was about to be seen was dynamite. Upon entering the office, Major Friend was ushered into a rear room of the place of business.

Major Friend spent approximately three hours with during which time the contents of a particular package referred to by as the "Air Force M/Gen.
" file and in particular out to give information vital earlier date concerning the photo developer he had supposedly perfected. Major Friend felt that person was very enthusiastic about his photographs and felt that they contained pictures "from the moon with associated shock waves" and of "angular ships" in our own atmosphere.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 34 -

The image contains two photographs. The upper photograph shows a cloudy sky with some dark objects visible. The lower photograph also shows a cloudy sky, but there are no discernible objects in this image.

Project Blue Book
Official Air Force Termination Report

FOREWORD

Project Blue Book was the code name for the United States Air Force's systematic study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969. This special report summarizes the findings of the project and presents the conclusions reached as a result of this effort.

The Air Force no longer investigates UFO sightings, nor maintains files on such phenomena. The responsibility for any future UFO investigations has been transferred to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in conjunction with the Aerial Phenomena Office of the Environmental Research Laboratories of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Department of Commerce.

This report was prepared by the Directorate of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, as a resumé of Project Blue Book and its conclusions. While it reflects the official position of the United States Air Force, it does not necessarily reflect the views of the Department of Defense or the United States Government.

- page 35 -

The image contains a photograph of a document. The document appears to be an official report from the Soviet Astronomer Kozyrev, who recently photographed an eruption on the moon. The report describes the eruption as a reddish glow that grew in intensity over two hours, and Kozyrev believed it was a normal development of a volcanic process on the surface of the moon. The report also suggests that the processes responsible for the formation of the surface features on the moon may also apply to the earth and other planets.

MOSCOW, NOV. 13--(UPI)--SOVIET ASTRONOMER NIKOLAI KOZYREV RECENTLY PHOTOGRAPHED A VOLCANIC ERUPTION ON THE MOON, THE OFFICIAL SOVIET TASS NEWS AGENCY SAID LAST NIGHT.

KOZYREV TOOK THE PHOTOGRAPH AT ABOUT 4 A.M. MOSCOW TIME NOV. 3 WITH THE 50-INCH REFLECTOR OF THE CRIMEA ASTROPHYSICAL LABORATORY, TASS SAID.

KOZYREV DESCRIBED THE ERUPTION AS A REDDISH GLOW THAT GREW IN INTENSITY AFTER TWO HOURS. "THERE WAS EVERY REASON TO BELIEVE THAT IT WAS A NORMAL DEVELOPMENT OF A VOLCANIC PROCESS ON THE SURFACE OF THE MOON," HE SAID.

CHAIRMAN OF THE ASTRONOMICAL COUNCIL OF THE SOVIET ACADEMY OF SCIENCES, SAID SPECTROGRAMS LEFT NO DOUBT THAT KOZYREV HAD SEEN A VOLCANO.

"WE CAN NOW REGARD AS ENTIRELY WRONG THE VIEW ON THE ORIGIN OF THE MAIN FEATURES OF THE LUNAR LANDSCAPE AS BEING DUE TO THE IMPACT OF METEORITES," HE SAID.

"THIS VOLCANIC ERUPTION SHOWS THAT THE PROCESSES RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FORMATION OF THE SURFACE RELIEF APPLY BOTH TO THE EARTH AND THE MOON."

- page 36 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be of the moon. The report mentions that there are three (3) groups pertaining to one (1) unidentified object on the moon, and that the entire set of photographs were extensively analyzed in order to interpret the observations. The analysis revealed that the original film was not obtained, therefore, questions arose as to the authenticity of the photographs in general. The report also states that no attempt was made to determine the cause of the elongated oval shadow seen in one of the photographs, as the cause of the "slight spray" has not been ascertained.

Text from the Document:

AGAIN-4D dtd 14 NOV 58. SUBJ: UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS ON THE MOON
TO AGAIN-4D
FROM AGAIN-4D 30 JANUARY 1959 
COMMENT NO. 4
1. This report is in compliance to a request by Col. Glaser of AGAIN-4D dated 8 December 1958.
2. The subject photographs comprise three (3) groups pertaining to (1) an unidentified object on the moon.
3. The entire lot of the photographs were extensively analyzed in order to interpret the observations. This analysis was severely hampered by the fact that the original film was not obtained; therefore, questions arose as to the authenticity of the photographs in general. This is to say that the photographs could have been retouched or doctored in such a manner as to exhibit more detail than the original would have shown.
4. No attempt was made to determine the cause of the elongated oval shadow since the cause of the "slight spray" has not been ascertained. The five objects in front of the moon appear to be transparent and insignificant in size.
5. Photograph #3 of the same group has an image of the moon taken at a different angle and having a plastic hazy or milky discoloration. This is evidenced by the transparency around the edges. The cause of this discoloration is unknown and cannot be explained.
6. In group (2) the interest is centered around a copy photograph of 35 mm film of the moon. The exposure appears to be underexposed, the objects in the center being barely discernible. Although it is impossible to determine definitely, there appears to be what could be an elongated oval shadow passing across the moon. The cause of the "slight spray" has not been ascertained.
7. The third group (3) appeared to be photographs of the moon showing details and configuration in such a manner as to be almost diagrammatic in presentation. They could not be considered as actual photographs in the normal sense, but rather sketches or diagrams made from photographs or drawings.

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing an index to various tabs or sections within the document.

INDEX TO TABS
TAB-A - Disposition Form from Mr. ---- of AFGIN-AD to Maj. --- concerning his contact with Mr. ----
TAB-B - Copy of news release with story of claims made by Sevin Astronomer to have photographed a vehicle
TAB-C - Report of Analysis of the Photographs by AFGNI-AD
TAB-D - The Photographs
TAB-E - Misc. Information

- page 38 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a "DISPOSITION FORM" related to a conversation with an individual regarding observations of the moon.

FILE NO.                       SUBJECT: Conversation With Mr. Hasen Regarding report on the Moan
67-13-58                        DATE: 21 november 1958 COMMENT HO.: 70307/Bldg 228/Room 2103

During his recent visit to Washington, I was asked by Colonel McDavis to talk to Mr. General Watson, who had been making numerous phone calls regarding unidentified objects on the moon.

To go back, this same man is responsible for the development of a device which might be used by the Air Force people to navigate in the moon. According to information which he has collected, & photo "which might be of interest to the Intelligence Community." He visited me on the 21st instant and explained that these photographs were apparently explained away as a "cracked telescopic lens" and that this photos were not of interest to the Intelligence Community. He thinks, as a matter of fact, that these photos are of objects which are different from the moon. He says he has been trying, without success, to get some authoritative opinion on the subject of ionic or sonic propulsion. I am not sure if the reflection he mentioned was due to ionic or sonic propulsion. He refers specifically to the articles which are appearing in the newspapers now, warning people about flying saucers from the moon. He thinks that these are not saucers but merely things like "heat-waves from the moon."

I could concern whether your UFO or Science Division can give me some real data it might help determine whether this man bona fide or just another of those who want to stir up trouble. Any information or suggestion from your shop will be appreciated, as I was instructed to look into this matter on the next visit, and I asked to be notified the names of any visiting people from your shop.

Incl:
Newspaper clipping

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 39 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book report. It does not contain any photographs, only text. 

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

graphs are Tab D and are UNCLASSIFIED
in the report from ATIC-HID.
V. Conclusion:
It is the conclusion of the ATIC analyst that  was purportedly an instance of a psychological reaction, or possibly both, in the pathway connecting the so-called unusal features of the pictures with his development and subsequent interpretation of the necessary confirmation as a cause.
VI. Tab E - Miscellaneous information concerning this case.

Prepared by 
[ signature ]
Major, USAF

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 40 -

The image shows a page from an old Project Blue Book document. The photograph on the page appears to be a blacked-out or redacted section, with the text "UNCLASSIFIED" written across it. There is no other visible photograph in this image.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

was going to let Major Friend handle this case according to her. She felt that someone was out to get this officer by giving him a job as not as this one. Then she was more-or-less interviewed and then she said return to him by the audience of Major Friend. Elated that his phone and guidance of Major Friend related that his case was under investigation. They told him not to discuss it with anyone because Major Friend was very much in charge. The officer was released from duty for two weeks because she had been instructed. He further wanted to know if W/Gen. Watson had been in the mission. Denials by the called in m/Gen. Watson was very definitely behind the whole thing as a result of his rather peremptory office.

Finally Miss turned over a set of his prints to Major Friend and informed that he was told only in the interests of national security.

All during the interview not let drop intimations that his eyes were in which that he could see things which others could see only through powerful telescopes. And that he might produce anything to be seen or heard or recorded from anywhere near or far. Speaks or these beings. And that various was conscious mention or wheel within a wheel.

On 4 December 1958, Major Friend briefed Major Hyne and Major Tucker on the results of the dealing.

II. The Investigator's Impression of Witness

This man knew photography and the intelligence community had. He was a man of more than average intelligence. This man knows military photography and the latest techniques . While his physial and astronomy is limited. he tends to be more mental than manual. In his opinion he is getting a brushoff. He is a layman's summation of the psychological attitude of the investigator.

1. Exhibits a superiority complex. It is hard to tell if this is his real attitude or a defensive mechanism for an inferiority complex.

2. The general appearance was that the man was subhuman. He wore his clothes in a sloppy manner and the same degree of untidiness was evident in his mannerism and his person which gave the impression of a careless and uninterested individual.

III. Actions.

On return to ATIC Major Friend turned the photographs over to AFOIN-4D for analysis and/or interpretation.

IV. Analysis.

The report from AFOIN-4D appears as Tab-G to this document. The photographs were UNCLASSIFIED.

- page 41 -

The image contains a black and white photograph depicting a cloudy, overcast sky. There does not appear to be any other detail or object visible in the image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION.AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 42 -

The image contains a black and white photograph showing a landscape with clouds. There is no text or other information visible in the image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 43 -

The image contains a black and white photograph depicting an unidentified aerial object in the sky, surrounded by a cloud-like formation. There is no text visible in the image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION.AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 44 -

