There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card containing a detailed report on a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE                  2. LOCATION
16 September 1959       Toledo, Ohio 
3. TIME GROUP
Less 1950 hours
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
0 Ground-Visual
5. DURATION
10
6. SHAPE & COLOR
CIGAR
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 to 15 seconds
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
9. COURSE
 STRAIGHT
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Stationary for 10 to 15 seconds, then moving for about 1 to 2 minutes, following while continually moving at an unusual circular motion, suddenly OVL source straight up. It appeared to be small white object which behindo a small white which behid.
11. COMMENTS:
Could not be definitely identified. Might have been reflection or possible satellite or meteor or balloon. Not enough information to definitely identify.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing text only.

U.F.O. Division
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

On September 8, 1958, about 6:30 PM, it was brought to my attention by the neighborhood children that there was a bright glowing object in the sky.

This object stayed stationary for approximately two minutes from the time it was first observed. It then suddenly turned and started traveling in a southerly direction and disappeared from sight.

Suddenly this object seared straight upward, turned black and left a small white trail behind. It then made a sharp angle turn and disappeared out of sight.

I took the enclosed photographs just before the object disappeared out of sight. It appears to be a small bright spot followed by a white trail of vapor. I have encircled the object with a white circle so that it is more distinctive. The object was white in color.

I am passing these photographs on to you for whatever information they may serve.

Sincerely,
Pamela A. Rowe

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a document titled "DISPOSITION FORM" from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated UFO reports. The text in the document discusses a request for photo analysis, where the observer states that the object in the photographs seems to be climbing and looks like an aircraft. The document is signed by Leonard T. Glaser, CAPT USAF.

FILE NO.                      SUBJECT                      (U) Request for Photo Analysis
TO               AFCIN-4A3S, Major Buckmaster           DATE               15 Oct 58
1. Request your review and comments of the attached photographs.
2. The object in the photos where it appears to be climbing, looks like an aircraft. 
3. Although the observer states that the object was stationary for approximately 1 minute, these photographs seem to indicate a climbing attitude. However, would appreciate your comments to substantiate this explanation.
                                                                   LEONARD T. GLASER
                                                                   CAPT USAF

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a request for photo analysis.

Text in the document:

SUBJECT: (U) Request for Photo Analysis
TO: AFCIN-4E4 FROM: AFCIN-4E4 DATE: 7 NOV 59 COMMENT NR: 2
1. The attached photographs are of such poor quality as to preclude any accurate evaluation beyond pure conjecture.
2. It is recommended that the original film be made available to this office and/or 4E4 for evaluation. It is possible that an optical enlargement could yield more information than can be provided us with enough information to determine the nature of the object.

GILMORE G. C. LUNDQUIST
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4E4

TO: AFCIN-4E4 FROM: AFCIN-4E4 DATE 7 NOV 59 COMMENT NR. 3
1. In accordance with your recommendation, the attached original negatives are forwarded to your office for evaluation.

LEONARD T. GLASER
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4E4

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a document that appears to be an old UFO report from Project Blue Book. The text on the page is as follows:

AFOIH-ER/T/Sgt James O. Boileau/ee
G-2516/1518, 820
typed 23 Oct 58

Toledo, Ohio

Dear Sir,

An attempt was made to analyze the photographic prints you submitted to the Air Force. They are of such quality that an accurate evaluation cannot be made.

Request the negative be forwarded to this Center in order for us to make a more accurate evaluation of the object concerned.

Sincerely,

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an old UFO report document.

Text extracted from the document:

Dear Mr. Porti
Enclosed are the negatives you requested. I would appreciate their return when you are through with them.
Sincerely,
[Redacted]
Toledo, Ohio

- page 6 -

This document appears to be a request for photo analysis from the United States Air Force Project Blue Book, which was a government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The image does not contain any photograph, but rather a typed letter with the subject line "Request for Photo Analysis".

The text of the document is as follows:

SUBJECT: (U) Request for Photo Analysis
TO: AFCIN-4E4  FROM: AFCIN-4E2F  DATE: 24 NOV 58

1. The quality of the two negatives is so poor that we cannot definitely identify the object in question. In all probability the image was caused by an aircraft in flight; however, we cannot identify it as to type.

HOWARD L. CONGEY
Major, USAF
AFCIN-4E2F

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, specifically a letter from the Project Blue Book regarding some negatives that were submitted.

AFCIN-4b/T/58 Believes
ATIN: 25 Nov 58

Miss
Toledo, Ohio

Dear Miss

Inclosed are the two negatives you submitted to this Center for analysis. The object in question could not be satisfactorily identified, however, from the detail left by the object. It is felt the object was probably an aircraft in flight.

Your interest in this matter is sincerely appreciated.

Sincerely,

H. K. GILBERT
Major, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Contracts

- page 8 -

The image contains a handwritten note that states "TOLEDO, OHIO 8 Sep 58 THIS CASE INCLUDES ONE 8"X10" PHOTO". There is no photograph present in the image provided.

TOLEDO, OHIO
8 SEP 58
THIS CASE INCLUDES
ONE 8"X10" PHOTO

- page 9 -

