The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a US Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - 1-5-58
2. LOCATION - CIVILIAN - KETTERING, OHIO
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION - O AIR VISUAL
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION - 6 min.
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS - 1
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING - While driving, the witness observed an object w/dim green on left side, bright white light on right side, and red & green flashing lights. The object was observed to be diminished to be a/c collision light.
11. CONCLUSIONS - a probable aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet that contains a questionnaire about unidentified aerial phenomena (UFOs) that was likely used as part of Project Blue Book.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning these unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.

1. When did you see the object? 20 Month Oct Year 1958
2. Time of day: 17 Hour 55 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? House Nearest Postal Address City or Town Kettering Ohio State or Country
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 25 Hours 0 Minutes 0 Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and checkboxes related to observations of unidentified objects.

IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
6.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't remember

IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? (Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several blocks away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other

Did the object: a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, (No), Don't Know, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, (No), Don't Know, c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, (No), Don't Know, d. Give off smoke? Yes, (No), Don't Know, e. Change brightness? Yes, (No), Don't Know, f. Change shape? Yes, (No), Don't Know, g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? period approx.sec Yes, (No), Don't Know

Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One for each question): Yes, (No), Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, (No), Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?, b. Transparent?, c. Don't Know.

Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes, No, b. Sun glasses Yes, No, c. Windshield Yes, No, d. Window glass Yes, No, e. Binoculars Yes, (No), f. Telescope Yes, No, g. Theodolite Yes, No, h. Other

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - The sound was described as "Not sound".
b. Color - The color was described as "Reddish flashing - dull green on sight. Then green in pattern".

Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The image indicates that the object was "Not capable of distinguishing".

The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
The number of objects was described as "Only one".
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
The image states "Only one".

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with instructions and questions for the observer.

O. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

1. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

2. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

3. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

4. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The text appears to be typed/written on a blank page with some instructions and questions for the observer to fill out.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. Other _______

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? 
Our attention was caught and attracted by object moving rapidly upward and changing in shape.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes  No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _45-50_ degrees.
b. From horizon _30_ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _135_ degrees.
b. From horizon _35_ degrees.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page of the UFO report document. The document appears to be a form or questionnaire containing various questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

34. CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind 
d. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? 
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[No response]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
There seem to be anything weird

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

Text extracted from the document:

39: Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _NO_ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _110_ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street Kettering 29 Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job? Motor Engine
Age 37 Sex M
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate Pilot training has approx 2000hrs flying time

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 30 OCT 1958

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

Patterson Operations - a TC 33 track off at 19:39. (9/7/58) This aircraft had a new anti-collision light (white flashing light) which was doubtful.

- page 9 -

