The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

Project 10073 Record Card
1. DATE: 9 September 1958
2. LOCATION: Milan, Indiana
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-4 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: (A)bout half the size of the moon, making whirring sound as of a thrown insect, (it) was loose cover, (Obj) was round, white and appeared to be breaking up.
11. COMMENTS: In view of all the data in this case, the logical conclusion is that all witnesses sighted a meteor which made an unusually deep penetration into our atmosphere.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a form filled out by the witness describing a UFO sighting.

Text found in the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. Disappeared

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. N/C  

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand:
(Circle One)
a. Head of a pin    b. Pea    c. Dime    d. Nickel    e. Quarter    f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Disappeared in the air

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object or objects with some type of material. What kind of material would you use if you wanted it to look the same as what you saw? How large would it be, and what shape would you give it? As I have mentioned, I can not think of anything that would construct it as I saw it. I can not think of anything that would construct anything like it.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions and fields to be filled out.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield? 
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
As part of the public, was outside when saw moving object in sky

28.1 IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.2 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest  

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

31.1 When it first appeared: From true North 110 degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: From true North 70 degrees.

- page 3 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with markers labeled "A" and "B" to illustrate how high an object was above the horizon when the observer last saw it. The second sketch shows a larger landscape view with a person standing in the foreground, and two smaller inset sketches in the corners.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to another sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
 a. Clear 
 b. Hazy 
 c. Scattered clouds
 d. Thick or heavy clouds
 e. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One) 
 a. Dry
 b. Fog or mist
 c. Moderate or heavy rain
 d. Snow
 e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
 a. Cold
 b. Cool 
 c. Warm
 d. Hot
 e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
 a. Day
 b. Month
 c. Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
 a. Yes
 b. No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
 a. Yes 
 b. No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses below.
 [Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? 
 a. Yes
 b. No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
 [No response]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
 No opinion

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire filled out by an individual.

Transcribing the text from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away the object was from you? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ___ feet

41. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME: John L. Hindman
ADDRESS: Milan, Indiana
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present job? Mechanic
Age: 37 Sex: Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school X
b. High school X
c. College _
d. Other special training _Chris Leighton electrical training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6-3-58

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with handwritten notes.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following instructions to fill in the information on this sheet. Fill in all the spaces and add any further comments, statements, or sketches they you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observed incident as accurately as possible. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME:
SIGNATURE: 
DATE: 12-06-1952

The handwritten notes on the form describe an observed incident that appeared to be a "light" or "object" in the sky, with details about its movement and appearance. The observer seems to have been unsure of the exact nature of what was observed.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire filled out by an observer who has witnessed an unidentified object.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object(s) you may have observed. The information they you provide will be used for research purposes, and will be recorded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
1. When did you see the object? (Circle One:) Sept. 7, 1958.
2. Time of day: 3:40 (Circle One:) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One:) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Southport, Indiana, U.S.A.
5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 12-15 minutes
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One:) a. Bright daylight b. Dusk or dawn c. Dark
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One:) a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and checkboxes related to the observation of an unidentified flying object.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (distant car)? b. Several blocks away? c. A block away? d. Several yards away? e. Other

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Move slowly? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change color? Yes No Don't Know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: It moved behind some low-hanging clouds.

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

- page 9 -

The image contains a photograph of an object that appears to be a UFO. The report form has a section for the witness to draw a picture of the object or objects they observed, and the witness has drawn two sketches showing the shape of the object they saw. From the details provided in the image, the object appears to be circular or oval-shaped. No further details about the object or its movement can be inferred from the photograph alone.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Not described
b. Color: Not described

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please do not draw the object as you merely describe the direction the object was moving.

The witness has provided two sketches of the object, one larger and one smaller, showing a circular or oval-shaped object.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

No additional objects are indicated in the provided image.

Text extracted from the document:
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:  
a. Sound: Light pulsating   
b. Color: Bright white   

17. [Sketch of two circular/oval objects]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred 
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a form with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In an open field
d. On an airplane
e. In an open countryside
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying over an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Watchin & saw it appear in the sky.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North d. South g. Southwest
b. Northeast e. Southeast h. Northwest
c. East f. South west

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Northeast d. Southwest
b. East e. South
c. Southeast f. West

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North d. Southwest
b. Northeast e. West
c. Southeast f. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward (or elevation) from the horizon.
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North ___20__ degrees.
b. From horizon __about 20__ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North __75__ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ about 30___ degrees.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a cover sheet or report form titled "COVER SHEET" from the United States Air Force regarding a UFO sighting in Greeley, Colorado.

COVER SHEET
REPORT OF BASIC
DATE: 29 Sep 58
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Gatherburg, M.)
ROUTING
IN OFFICE OUT
GIN-1
OFFICE OUT IN
OFFICE
AFOIN-4
AFOIN-N
AFOIN-K1
AFOIN-I
AFOIN-S
AFOIN-4
AFOIN-2
CAPIT
DISPATCH
TO: SAFIS-3, Attn: Maj. Tacker
FROM: AFOIN-4EH
COMMENT NO.: 1
1. The object sighted on the morning of 29 September 1958, at Gatherburg and Pittsburg. The description, direction of motion and time were all in agreement.
2. This is another case of unusual penetration into our atmosphere by a flying object which has made an unusually deep penetration into our atmosphere. The Observatory at Gatherburg reported this object and their observation reports indicate that there was more than one object indicates that even the witnesses that there was more than one object indicates speculut or burst of the interior.
3. There are small differences in the description of the item but no significant ones as to the time of observation, characteristics of the object and the approach or turnout.

H. K. GILBERT
Colonel, USAF
ATIC-ROE

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

26. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. (Estimate size of object)

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand?
(Circle One)
a. Pea
b. Dime
c. Silver dollar
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Grapefruit
g. Basketball
h. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.) 
a. Not very certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Certain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could photograph the object or objects which you have just described, and then tell us what such a picture would show. Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the some appearance as the object or objects you have just described.

The text found in the document is:

26. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. (Estimate size of object) 6 to 10 inches

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand?
(Circle One)
a. Pea
b. Dime
c. Silver dollar
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Grapefruit
g. Basketball
h. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Not very certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Certain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? It went straight up and out of sight

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could photograph the object or objects which you have just described, and then tell us what such a picture would show. Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the some appearance as the object or objects you have just described.
Field of a baseball could possibly be a match in size and shape as the object I saw. It was small, just a little larger than a baseball, and round with no protrusions or wings. It moved very quickly straight up and disappeared from sight.

- page 13 -

The image contains two sketches, but no photographs. The first sketch shows a curved line to illustrate how an object appears above the horizon (skyline) when you first see it. The second sketch shows a larger view with two positions marked "A" and "B" to demonstrate how to complete a larger sketch based on the object's position.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

32. In the following sketch show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the same curved line to show the position of the object when you first saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to similar sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

SOUTH

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports and investigations conducted by the United States Air Force.

Transcription of the text in the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Overcast
e. Thick or heavy clouds 
f. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind 
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Fog, mist, or light rain
b. Moderate or heavy rain 
c. Snow
d. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One) 
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
30 Sept.

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please a friend.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
A rocket or flare of some sort, maybe meteorites. My husband says he has heard and seen many of these before spectmickes.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the document contains questions and response fields related to an eyewitness report of a UFO sighting.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES, then what speed would you estimate? NO
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES, then how far away would you say it was? ___ feet.
41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present job? Businessman 
AGE: 55
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school _ b. High school V c. College _ d. Post graduate _
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 11 OCT 58

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, containing handwritten text.

Sighting of a green light in the eastern sky 20 to 30 degrees up from the horizon. It seemed to be a single object. It lasted 15-25 seconds, but no landing or ascent was witnessed.
At Milan, Indiana.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed document describing a UFO sighting that occurred on 29 October 1952 in Gatherburg, Washington. The document provides details about the observed object and the conclusions drawn from the sighting.

UFO sighting (Gatherburg, 14.)

SAFIS-5, Attn: Maj Tacker
APOSR-06-814

29 October 1952

Washington, D.C. objects sighted on the morning of 29 September 1952, as Gatherburg, and Washington, D.C. These objects were observed by several residents of the Washington, D.C. area.

1. The description of the object and possible sound is typical of meteor observations. The object was larger than a star and was brighter, as observed at Georgetown University. Several reports of this object and their conclusions indicate that it was a meteor.

2. The ATIC conclusion is that all witnesses saw the same meteor, and that the small differences in the description of the object are attributed to the short time of observation, excitement of the witnesses, and the approach of daylight.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document containing handwritten text.

TELEPHONE REPORT FROM CAPT. TROWBRIDGE
BASE OPS OFFICER     ANDREWS 95030   /  17 Nov 53

MR. ___ WEST POINT, OHIO - 
PRESENTLY WORKING FOR CENTRAL NATIONAL BANK
29 Sept 53 @ 0535 - WHILE DRIVING ON
TURN-PIKE SECTION CAR STOPPED OIL RECIEVERS
AND MOTOR INVESTIGATION.
REPORT ITEM ONE OBJECT BLUE-WHITE  
COLOR DISAPPEARING OR STRUCK GROUND ABOUT 2 MILES 
EAST - WEST DIRECTION.
SIZE ESTIMATION ABOUT WINGSPAN OF JET AIRPLANE.
NO INVESTIGATION AND CAPT. TROWBRIDGE 
IS AWARE INVESTIGATION.

MR. LEBLANC - NEAR  PITTSBURO
PAPER BOX AND CONTAINERS ODD. SEVERAL
STRANGE SIGHTINGS IN AREA OVER 2 YEARS
@ APPROX. 0830 - 28 SEPT 53. CAR
TRAVELING NOT TO 72 MILE PER HOUR.
RECORDS SIGHTING OF BLUE-WHITE
OBJECT APPROX. 10-15 FEET LONG. SAW
AND APPEARED TO LOSE SPEED AND
DISAPPEARED OR STRUCK GROUND.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Extracted text from the document:

Capt Trombley to make a complete investigate of this incident. Will keep afain 9:45 informed by telephone of any important developments. Negative file negative film and report form to.

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing handwritten text.

Text extracted from the image:

REPORT (TELEPHONE)

LIGHTING - 11:48 PM
SIGHTING - 09 SEPT 54
TWO BRIGHT LIGHTS
AIRPOORT NE TO NW
NO NOISE
OBJECT SPLIT INTO 2 LIGHTS
AND DISAPPEARED
OBJECT WAS MOVING NORTHERLY
AT APPROX 600 PLUS

SAME AS D.C. # PITTENCE

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Facts - Det 10 report (Continued)
1. Discounted 6500 on ground -
Found to be a regular - 
season, and beginning of 50 years.

2. Pilot was persistent from 9:50 - 10:30hrs.
Tower operator at Moorman's
of the general twig officer, then out
the officer observed light, sit
down and disappear report -
Damn of this observer
is that the object was as big
as full moon - 
Green - while traveling
North at NW.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

COVER SHEET
DATE SUSPENSE
ASSIGNED BY _____

UFO SIGHTING (Gatherburg, MD.)

TYPE

ROUTING
Initial "IN" column to denote receipt of action. 
Initial "OUT" column to denote review of completed action.

IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT IN OFFICE OUT
5 DEC 16 5 DEC 16 5 DEC 16 5 DEC 16 5 DEC 16

TO: SAFLO-3-ASSA Maj. Tacker

COMMENT:
1. The object sighted on the morning of 29 October 1958, at Gatherburg and Washington, D.C. was also seen and reported by witnesses as far west as Pittsburgh. The description indicates a strange object high in the sky over Washington.
2. The description of the object and possible sound is typical of a meteor or celestial body. The observatory at Gatherburg indicated the object was in the atmosphere and breaking up. The conclusion was that it was a meteor. The description given by some witnesses that there was more than one object indicates burnout of the meteor.
3. The ATIC conclusion is that all witnesses saw the same meteor, and that small differences in the description of the seen be attributed to the short time of observation and the approach or burnout.

H.K. GILBERT
Colonel USAF
AOIN-4-E

AFHO 0-86 PREVIOUS EDITIONS OF THIS FORM MAY BE USED.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO Analysis Sheet
Location: WASHINGTON, D. C. TO PITTSBURG, PA.
Date: 29 September 1958
Hour (Z): 09252
VX: Clear - Unlimited Visibility - Slight Breeze
Description: Round (glowing or burning) very bright. Paint possibility of a tail. Possibly associated with a roaring or fluttering sound.
Direction of Motion: SE to NW at high rate of speed.
Satellite: Coordinated and ruled out. - Time and direction wrong.
Astronomical Phenomena: No unusual astronomical phenomena.
Radar Analysis (AFGIN-LE1): No radar data.
Natural Phenomena: Large area over which this sighting took place, singular trail lighting, which it briefly improbable that this was a natural phenomenon. Weather conditions at the time add to the improbability.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc., Description of objects seen none
Other: No information concerning an errant missile. The light which was seen on the ground near Washington, D.C. was definitely determined to be a flashing on a barn.
Evaluation of Source Reliability: The number and consistency of reports of this incident indicate the information to be both reliable and pertinent. Eyewitness accounts from different persons from Washington, D.C. to Pittsburgh, Pa. sighted this object.
Analysis and Conclusions: In view of all the data in this case, the logical conclusion is that all witness sighted a major object which made an undulation into our atmosphere. The data from Pittsburgh indicates possible remains of the item on the ground, but is still inconclusive. This object was seen at Washington, D.C. and Pittsburgh at approximately the same time (possibly minute difference) depending upon the direction of approach. It was witnessed by possibly 7,000 people. The description of some witnesses indicates the possibility of more than one object indicates the possibility of broken and/or dispersed portions of a meteors.

- page 25 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

HEADQUARTERS 
2252D AIR FORCE GROUP
United States Air Force 
Greater Pittsburgh Airport
Coraopolis, Pennsylvania

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Transmitted herewith, in accordance with AFR 200-2, dated 5 February 1958, AFR 200-2A, dated 20 September 1960 and 11 April 1952, is the report subject as above.

Incl Subj, Unidentified
Flying Objects, dtd 22 Oct 
58, w/l incl.

SIGNED 
DONALD E. KEYHOE
Colonel, USAF
Commander

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that describes various unidentified flying object sightings.

HEADQUARTERS
22-33D AIR BASE GROUP
United States Air Force
Greater Pittsburgh Airport
Coraopolis, Pennsylvania

NO

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects 
TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio

1. In accordance with APR 200-2, dated 12 February 1953, the following is submitted:

2. On 29 September 1958 between 0225Z and 0930Z, three different sightings were made in the area surrounding Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

First Report: 
a. (1) Circular
(2) About size of grapefruit
(3) Pale blue
(4) Two (2)
(5) In trail
(6) Negative
(7) Negative
(8) Negative
(9) Negative
b. (1) Motion of bright lights in the dark sky.
(2) Approximately a 45 degree angle from position of person reporting.
(3) Estimated 2000 feet altitude.
(4) Straight and apparently level flight path.
Trailing object appeared to be controlled lead object than land object.
(5) Disappeared behind a house. Objects were traveling on an approximate east to west course.
c. (1) Two (2) seconds (3) seconds.

d. (1) 0925Z, 29 September 1958
(2) Positive

e. (1) Mount Lebanon (Southern suburb of Pittsburgh)

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Mount Lebanon, Pittsburgh, Pa.
Reliability - Good
Second Report
a. (1) About size of green fruit 
(2) Blue
(3) One (1)
(4) No active
(5) Stationary
(6) Negative
(7) No attachment appeared to be distinguishing - had waves
falling off.
b. (1) The light moving against a dark sky.
(2) Approximately 1000 feet in height and three miles distance
from observer.
(3) Approximately 1000 feet in height and 3 miles distance,
descending slightly.
(4) Appeared to be on a straight course of 310° to 320°.
c. (1) Ground - Visual
(2) Negative
(3) Negative
d. (1) 09302, 29 September 1958
off the Pennsylvania-Indiana border. Observer was parked on rent of
the Thesee-Bress service station. Observer was parked on south of
the Pennsylvania Turnpike.
f. Mr. ***************
Works for Pennsylvania Rail Road as a Pipe fitter.
Third Report
a. (1) Looked like head of 75 MM shell. 
(2) Size of 75 MM shell at arms length.
(3) One in a blue-green tinted flame.
(4) Not applicable

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Narrative
a. (1) Fire was color of reddish-orange or reddish-tan about 50-60 feet long.
(2) Negative
(3) The fire trail crossing the horizon was a dark smokey color.
b. (1) The firn trall crossed the horizon.
(2) 500 to 600 feet above the ground but in a 330 degree direction.
(3) Negative
(4) Object appeared on a two (2) degree angle, slightly 312 to 320 degrees.
(5) The object appeared to hover in air into two (12) or twelve (12) seconds.
c. (1) Ground - Visual 
(2) Negative
(3) Negative
d. (1) 27952, 29 September 1958.
(2) Freeburn
e. (1) Three miles east of the Allegheny Tunnel on the Pennsylvania Turnpike.
f. Mr. Fred Reese, Pa.
Haireshorn, Inc, Corrosion Engineering Products Division, Reliability - good, Class of 1939.
a. (1) The weather at the times of all sightings was reported as 
(2) Generally clear and the higher average at greater Pittsburgh Airport reported the following:
07000-310/10, 1330-320/19, 16000-290/31, 20000-290/17, 30000-290/65, 50000-270/52, 30000-250/09.
h. (1) Negative
i. (1) Negative 
j. (1) None reported

- page 29 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be text discussing guidelines for the declassification or extended classification of information under the National Security Council's directives.

Text from the document:

GUIDANCE:
1. GENERAL
2. If, upon review under these guidelines, it is determined that a document must be classified but which of the information therein could be declassified provided certain limited portions were excised, such as those which identify sensitive intelligence sources and methods, this fact should be noted. This will enable the Archivist to provide excised versions of documents to the maximum extent possible.
3. A major purpose of any classification or declassification is to make available to the general public the maximum amount of data consistent with the obligations of national security. Sensitive intelligence sources and methods, the disclosure of which could lead to counteraction jeopardizing the continued productivity of intelligence sources and methods, should be protected. Reasonable portions that provide intelligence that is clearly significant to the national security or "sources" can be identified as the origins of information and "methods" are developed. In many cases, sources and methods are inseparable.

GUIDANCE:

1. GENERAL
2. If, upon review under these guidelines, it is determined that a document must be classified but which of the information therein could be declassified provided certain limited portions were excised, such as those which identify sensitive intelligence sources and methods, this fact should be noted. This will enable the Archivist to provide excised versions of documents to the maximum extent possible. 
3. A major purpose of any classification or declassification is to make available to the general public the maximum amount of data consistent with the obligations of national security. Sensitive intelligence sources and methods, the disclosure of which could lead to counteraction jeopardizing the continued productivity of intelligence sources and methods, should be protected. Reasonable portions that provide intelligence that is clearly significant to the national security or "sources" can be identified as the origins of information and "methods" are developed. In many cases, sources and methods are inseparable.

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an Air Intelligence Information Report related to Project Blue Book.

Air Intelligence Information Report
Location: Pittsburg Area, Pittsburg, Pa.
Date of Sighting: 23 October 1958
Date of Report: 11 September 1959
Subject: Unusual aircraft observed
Summary: An object described as having a long cigar-shaped body and lights along the sides was observed by several witnesses on 23 October 1958 near Milan, Indiana. The object was observed for several minutes and then disappeared.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report document.

AF FORM 112—PART II
APPROVED CJUNE 1956

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

FROM: (CAPTAIN) 25R3 air FORCE CROUP
ORGANIZATION Uccallsburg, Indianana IAFB, IND. 29 Sept. 58
TO:
SUBJECT: Air Intelligence Information Report
PAGE 1 OF PAGES

1. On the morning of 29 September 1958 between 0325 and 0420 hours, there were three sightings made of unidentified flying objects which were reported to the Security Control Center, Indianapolis, Indiana. 
2. The first sighting was made at approximately 0325 hours by a Patrolman of the City Police. He reported that he saw two pale blue, circular objects hovering over an area about a quarter mile west of the city limits. The objects were observed for about two minutes and then suddenly shot straight up and disappeared at a high rate of speed. The observer was about 500 yards from the objects.
3. The second reported sighting was made at approximately 0420 hours by a resident who lives in a rural area about 5 miles east of the city. He observed an object which he described as a "yellowish-red fireball" traveling from east to west at a low altitude. This object was observed for about 10 minutes before it disappeared from view.
4. The third sighting was made by a State Police Observer who was traveling north on Indiana State Highway 101. The observer, Sergeant ______________, saw an object, which he described as a "large, round, luminous white object", hovering over some trees near the roadway. The observer was traveling at a speed of approximately 60 mph and observed the object for about 20 seconds before it disappeared in the air. The object appeared to be about 50-60 feet in diameter. The observer stated that it gave off a bright, white light and that he could clearly distinguish the circular outline of the object. 
5. A field trip was made by helicopter to the area mentioned in paragraph 4. However, nothing unusual was noted and no further evidence was obtained. It is felt by the investigating officer that there was definite ly something in the area, however no cause will be ventured as to what it was or where it came from.

- page 32 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Base Operations Officer: A field trip was made on 9-7-58 to determine the exact sight of an object seen on the Pennsylvania Turnpike. The spot was located approx. 2 miles east of the Greensburg exit, in a triangle formed by the turnpike, U.S. Route #40 and S.R. Route 5, 4-5 miles SW of Greensburg. A Helicopter and we proceeded to the area. four different trails were observed within no results. It is the opinion of the reporting officer that unless the supposed object crashed or disabled in the area, no evidence would be found as to size, origin, composition and mode of propulsion, as comments can be made.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
WEATHER BUREAU
Cincinnati 2, Ohio

October 3, 1958

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

Thank you for your interesting report on an unidentified flying object, but we have no idea what it could be. We are forwarding your letter to the Air Force at Patterson Field, where investigations of such objects are made.

Yours very truly,

Meteorologist in Charge, Acting
GC WHAS
GC USA - Dayton

- page 34 -

The image appears to be a map of the United States showing various locations marked with different symbols. The map does not contain any human faces or identifiable individuals.

29 SEPT 58
0925 Z

LEGEND
WEATHER STATION REPORT SIGHTING
UNCONFIRMED SATELLITE BALLOONS
AIR FORCE RADAR TRACK SIGHTING AND VISUAL
AIR FORCE RADAR TRACK SIGHTING ONLY
ARMY DEPOT SIGHTING
ROCKET FIRING RANGE
USAF RESEARCH CENTER

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

RA#11 
TCZCSDBS9CZKC#26
OO RJEDSG
DE RJED#D 29#
O 29111JZ
FM FSC OLMSTED AFB PA
TO RJED#/CODR EAFT COLORADO SPRINGS COLO
RJEDSQ/VOMAR AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CTR WPAFB OHIO
RJEZH/ASS T CHIEF OF STAFF INTELLIGENCE HQ USAF WASH DC
RJEF#/OFFICE OF INFO SERVICES HQ USAF WASH DC
RJEYSN/COMDR 32ND AIR DIVISION SYRACUSE NY
BT
UFO REPORT
IDL TWR OPERATOR PLT TWA829 AND PLT EASTERN AIR LINE 834 
OBSERVED A BRIGHT LIGHT BETWEEN IDL AND FPT AT APPROXIMATELY 2309FT
HEADING IN A WESTERLY DIRECTION. AT WHICH TIME THE OBJECT EXPLODED
INTO THREE PARTS AND DISAPPEARED. INFO RECEIVED FROM MY ARTC AT 29/1#352- MDT FS
BT
29/1115Z SEP RJEDK#

- page 36 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a typed report.

ACTION BY UNIT COMMANDER
TO: OFFENDER (LAST NAME - FIRST NAME - MIDDLE INITIAL)
13. TYPE OF ACTION TAKEN (Specific)
14. FINDING
15. SENTENCE OR OTHER DISPOSITION
TYPED NAME AND GRADE OF COMMANDING OFFICER
SIGNATURE
TITLE AND ORGANIZATION
The text of the document is as follows:

OFFENDER (LAST NAME - FIRST NAME - MIDDLE INITIAL): 
13. TYPE OF ACTION TAKEN (Specific): 
14. FINDING: 
15. SENTENCE OR OTHER DISPOSITION:
TYPED NAME AND GRADE OF COMMANDING OFFICER: 
SIGNATURE:
TITLE AND ORGANIZATION:

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO incident report document.

INCIDENT REPORT
TO: Chief, Security Division 
FROM: Investigation Section
DESCRIPTION: (Complete on all activities and Phase military personnel whose identify is in question)
REPORT OF: U F O
SIGHTING OVER HARRISBURG, PA.
LOCATION AND ADDRESS OF COMPLAINT (IF APPLICABLE):
INVESTIGATED BY: NAME
WITNESSES: (Attach copies of statements):
ON 18 SEPTEMBER 1958 A FLYING OBJECT SIGHTED IN THE SKY BY SEVERAL RESIDENTS OF HARRISBURG, PA. INVESTIGATION DETERMINE THE NATURE AND AUTHENTICITY OF THE REPORTS.
AS REPORTED, HOWARD WESLEY, TOWER OPERATOR, WHO STATED HE SIGHTED THE OBJECT MOVING IN THE SKY TRAVELLING WAY IN THE GENERAL DIRECTION OF HARRISBURG STATE A/P. HE DESCRIBED THE OBJECT AS BEING ROUND IN SHAPE WITH MULTI-COLORED LIGHTS.
EVALUATION: (State findings, conclusion, and recommendation):
MISDEMEANOR
MILITARY EXPENSE
TRAFFIC
DISPOSITION OF EVIDENCE
INCLUSIONS:
DISTRIBUTION:
TYPED NAME AND GRADE OF REPORTING OFFICER: CLAYTON A. MCHENRY
MAJOR, USAF
CLAYTON A. MCHENRY
Major, USAF

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a typed document with text describing a "Mysterious Object Seen Flying Over City Early Today". The document provides details about the sighting, including that there was no official identification of the object, it was described as having various shapes and sizes, and some witnesses thought it could have been a jet or meteorite.

Mysterious Object 
Seen Flying Over
City Early Today

At about 6:30 this morning, residents of this city reported sighting a mysterious flying object in the skies over the area.

But as usual, there was no official identification of the object. Pilots of commercial air liners flying near the vicinity could not confirm having seen the object.

Numerous eye-witness reports of the brilliant, fiery object varying in size and shape were called into the Columbus Air Force Base, but no definite conclusions could be drawn.

According to most reports, it was not a jet plane, satellite, meteor, or balloon. Some said it had the likeness of a silver ball, others said it had a brilliant, fiery appearance varying in size and shape.

In addition, some thought it might have been a jet or a meteorite, but the object moved at a tremendous speed and then seemed to disappear from view.

- page 39 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a handwritten document that appears to be a letter. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document.

Dear Sir:

Our man, mornin Sept 27th at approach of 25-30 A.M., was traveling toward my farm toward A large light in the sky moving with a bright red of purple from east to west. It appeared to be a metallic cigar-shaped and probably 500 ft high. As I watched it seem to circle into the moon and then divided again with two lights leading the other two. They did not pause nor alter course while collecting this.

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page containing handwritten text in a foreign language, likely Hebrew or another Semitic language.

As an OCR system, I cannot produce the text, as it is written in a language I cannot reliably interpret. I apologize, but I am unable to extract the textual content from this image.

- page 41 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text that appears to be a letter or report. I will now transcribe the text contained in the document:

manufacture in milan harte
for about an hour or so
contact with me from unusual hum
driving cars except saturday night a female sincerely yours

- page 42 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed letter or document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Dear Sir:

On Mon. morning, Sept. 29th at approx 5:45 A.M., as I was walking toward my barn I saw a large blue light in the sky moving at a high rate of speed from east to west.

It appeared to be a mile or so distant and possibly 500 ft. high.  As I watched it seemed to divide again with two lights leading, the other two following. They did not change direction, but continued on their course at the same speed. It remained visible for several minutes. There was no vapor trail and no sound.

The whole sighting did not last over four seconds.

That same afternoon I read the enclosed piece in the Erie paper.

As I told the incident to some of the fellows at the shop where I work and one of them (an old-time police officer) advised me to write to you people. This account.  I am white, male, 58 years old - I work at a small shop as a tool maker.

If you should wish to contact me I am usually home evenings. No one has ever mentioned this to me before.

Sincerely yours,
(Signature)

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the Department of the Air Force in Washington, dated October 21, 1958, addressed to an individual whose name has been redacted.

The text of the letter is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

21 October 1958

Dear -----,

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your letter of 6 October 1958 concerning your sighting of an unidentified flying object on 2 September 1958 at approximately 6 a.m.

We have received a number of letters concerning this same sighting from local newspapers featured this sighting from Fredrick, Maryland, to Pittsburg, Pennsylvania.

As Air Force issues that have completed their investigation and has forwarded all the facts concerning this sighting to the Air Technical Intelligence Center for analysis and evaluation, which is the agency in the earth's lower atmosphere.

Again, thank you for your interest in this matter. Your letter will be included in the case file of this sighting at the Air Technical Intelligence Center.

For your information, I am enclosing Department of Defense fact sheets on the subject of unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely,

/s/
LAWRENCE J. TACKER
MAJOR, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force study of unidentified flying objects.

AFCIN-4B/T/3t Bolieu/sa
G-2916/1958 629
Ty pe S 3-28

AFCIN-4
Mrs.
Milan, Indiana

Dear Mrs.

Your letter, dated 30 September 1958, addressed to the weather
bureau at Dayton, Ohio and forwarded to this Center, 

was information submitted by you in regard to the weather
conditions, etc on 30 August 1958 when a possible and return these to this
Center in the enclosed self-addressed stamped envelope.

Your interest in this report is appreciated.

Sincerely,

2 incls:
1. ATIC FM
2. Addr Envelope

M. K. GILBERT
Deputy I-1/Defense and Components

- page 45 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed document describing a "Mystery Bright Object Seen in Sky" incident that occurred in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The text provides details about the sighting, including the date, location, and description of the observed object.

MYSTERY
Bright Object
Shooting Flame
Seen in Sky

HARRISBURG (UP) - Olmsted Air Force Base reported today that a mysterious object, emitting a bright flame and traveling east, was sighted by several persons at Middletown and four employees at the base. The persons at Middletown and four employees at the base reported to newsmen that they saw a bright object, emitting sparks and flaming, traveling at a high rate of speed in an east to west direction.

An Air Force spokesman said investigators of the information were unable to identify the object. He said the information was passed on to the Air Materiel Command's Air Technical Intelligence Center at DaytOn.

- page 46 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a Memo Routing Slip. The text on the form states: "The object sighted is apparently the same one sighted in the Washington, D.C. area. If this is the case, it will make quite a noise."

The text I have extracted from the document is as follows:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
MAJOR TASKER: SAF 13-3
REMARKS: The object sighted is apparently the same one sighted in the Washington, D.C. area. If this is the case, it will make quite a noise.
FROM CASE OR TITLE: Major Robert J. Friend
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: AFCIN-4CR
DD Form 95 

This seems to be a summary or report of a UFO sighting, with details about its apparent similarity to a previous sighting in the Washington D.C. area.

- page 47 -

The image contains a black and white photograph of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified flying object. The object is depicted as a dark, oblong shape with a dome-like structure on top.

Air Material Command
Dayton, O.             Sept. 29, 1958
I would like to report an experience I had early this morning
about six o'clock.

I was driving south towards Frederick, Md. and was about eight
miles from the town when I noticed what appeared to be a slight or 
very small bright or glowing light. This light seemed to be hovering
or standing still about six hundred yards to the right of my car.
I eased up a little closer so that I could get a better view of this
light. As I got closer it seemed to move slowly to the right and 
then would make when on a twenty to one glide. It's speed was faster
than we are accustomed to seeing jets or fast aircraft travel. This
light or object appeared to be about the size of a basketball at the
distance it was from me. I observed it for about two minutes and 
then it suddenly accelerated at a tremendous rate of speed and
disappeared. In the field northwest of Frederick, Md.

I have referred to it as a light because there was no downward beam
or trail or any other indication of a craft. And it was more of a 
bluish light than an amber one.

Very truly yours

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page of an old document, possibly from Project Blue Book, that appears to be a letter responding to a report about an unidentified flying object sighting.

Transcription of the text in the document:

21 October 1958

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your letter of 29 September 1958 concerning your sighting of an unidentified flying object on 28 September 1958 near Frederick, Maryland.

We have received a number of letters concerning this same sighting and the local newspaper carried considerable publicity regarding it from Frederick, Pennsylvania. An Air Force fact concerning this sighting is that the Air Materiel Command has conducted a thorough investigation and has forwarded all facts concerning this sighting to the Air Technical Intelligence Center for analysis, which results indicate that this sighting remains unidentified.

Again, thank you for your interest in this matter. Your letter will be included in the case file of this sighting at the Air Technical Intelligence Center.

For your information, I am enclosing Department of Defense fact sheets on the subject of unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Evaluation Division
Office of Information Services

CC: ATIC W/original ltr [redacted]

- page 49 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO Analysis Sheet
Location: WASHINGTON, D. C. TO PITTSBURGH, PA. 
Date: 29 September 1958
Hour (Z): 0252
WX: Clear - Unlimited Visibility - Slight Breeze
Description: Found, flashing, or bursting, very bright. Faint possibility of a tail. Possibly associated with a roaring or fluttering sound.
Direction of Motion: SE to NW at a high rate of speed.
Satellite: Coordinated and ruled out. - Time and direction wrong.

Astronomical Phenomena: Meteor, comet, planet, etc. - None, none, or possibly a very unusual deep penetration into our atmosphere. Observatory at georgetown University had several reports of this activity, but their conclusion was that it 'was not a meteor'.

Radar Analysis (AFOIN-4121): No radar data.

Natural Phenomena: Ball lightning, etc. - Large area over which this sighting took place. Singular light, changing in brightness that this was a natural phenomenon. Weather conditions at the time add to the improbability.

- page 50 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc. Description of flaming or burning round object:
Pilots observed a balloon; object seen from Washington, D.C. to Pittsburgh, Pa. at approximately the same time indicates a speed much greater than any of today's aircraft. 

Other: No information concerning an errant missile. The lights were in view for approximately 15 minutes from Washington, D.C. to Pittsburgh, Pa. definitely ascribed to this object.

Evaluation of Source Reliability: The number and consistency of reports of this incident indicates the information is to be considered reliable, giving different persons from Washington, D.C. to Pittsburgh, Pa. sighted this object.

Analysis and Conclusions: In view of all the data in this case, the logical conclusion is that all witnessed sighted an object which made an unusually fast atmospheric reception into our atmosphere. The still unofficial reports from Pittsburgh indicates possible remains of the item on the ground, but no definitive conclusions.

This object was seen at Washington, D.C. and Pittsburgh at approximately the same time. It is described as a luminous object similar to flare, approximately 30 feet in diameter, traveling at a tremendous speed, estimated 7,000 knots. The description by witnesses that there was more than one object indicates the possibility of a breakup and burnout of a meteor.

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document that appears to be part of a UFO report or investigation from Project Blue Book.

Roame Co. Airpt:

I was contacted this A.M. on Sept. 29, 1958 by Mrs. (name redacted) of Milan, Indiana, who reported an incident she and her husband observed on the night of Sept. 30, 1958 at 4:30 A.M.

Mrs. (name redacted) stated that she and her husband were awakened at 4:30 A.M. on Sept. 30, 1958 by a bright light in the sky. She said the object was stationary for about 10 times as bright as the brightest star they had ever seen. She stated the object seemed to be hovering and appeared to be about the size of a half-dollar held at arm's length.

She said the object remained stationary for a few moments and then rapidly accelerated in a straight line until it disappeared from view in about 2 or 3 seconds.

Mrs. (name redacted) said she and her husband were quite disturbed by the incident and wanted to report it. She stated she had never seen anything like it before and did not know what it could have been.

No answers here.

- page 52 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, listing various sightings and observations.

3 - 13 OCTOBER 1959 SIGHTINGS

DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
Oct Columbus, Ohio Military Insufficient Data
5 Bell Buckle, Tennessee Military ASTRO (SATELLITE)
6 Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania Military UNIDENTIFIED
Dallas, New Mexico Military OTHER (REFLECTION)
Norton, Connecticut Military Astro 
Kents, Ohio Military Other (Explcation)
Pleasant Hill, California Coast Guard (PHYS S) Multi
Gulf or Carpinteria, Cali- COVIC Military (RADAR)
fornia  Multi
Marshfield, Massachusetts Military (RADAR) CLOVZ
Green River, Utah GIVIC Military (RADAR)
Temple, Oklahoma 
Holloman AFB, New Mexico Astro (METEOR)
Valparaiso, Chile Astro (METEOR)
Bruxelles, Belgium Military (CHAFF)
Sega Harbor City, New Jersey Aircraft (CHAFF)
Northwood, Ohio Aircraft (METEOR)
Northam, Australia Astro (UNEXP)
Montevideo, Uruguay Astro (UNEXP) 
3-31 Mar 59 Wichita Sea, Turkey m'ss'ing

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE LOCATION SOURCE EVALUATION
Oct Eastern Oregon Newsclipping
6 Saleny, Oregon Newsclipping  
Bradford, New York Newsclipping 
6 Stephensburg, Kentucky Newsclipping

- page 53 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TD-E/Major Friend /ww/69216
Request for Information

Mr. *** 
Columbus 13, Ohio

Dear Mr. ***,

The files of sightings of unidentified flying objects are filed by date with the USAF supervising information on a specific incident. Since we did not include this essential information, we will be happy to send you information as to our findings regarding this sighting.

Sincerely,
Edward M. Ruppelt
Civilian, USAF
Project Blue Book
and Coordinator

COORDINATION: TD-E MAJOR ROBERT J. FRIEND DATE: 11 SEP 1961

- page 54 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned page from an old document, which appears to be an envelope with handwritten text. The text on the envelope reads:

"Air Technical Intelligence Center
United States Air Force 
Wright - Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Assistant Adjutant"

- page 55 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about reported sightings of unidentified objects. 

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information you provide will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as "confidential material." Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. Please give as complete answers as possible to all the questions, and if you have any further details, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2-27-58
2. Time of day: 4 - 10 PM (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Milan, Indiana
Additional remarks: Milon, Indiana
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 15 to 20 minutes
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. Overcast f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object: (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 56 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page contains handwritten text.

Text transcribed from the image:

An Unidentified Aeronautic Celestial Object Arlington, Dear Sir:
You write in reference to an incident which was observed in the night sky. Based on the details you provided, it appears this was an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

I would like to advise that this case has been referred to the Project Blue Book Special Report No. 14, which details the findings and conclusions of the Air Force's investigation of UFOs. This report can be obtained from the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government Printing Office, Washington 25, D.C.

If you have any other questions or wish to provide additional details, please feel free to contact me.
Sincerely,

- page 57 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

20 October 1960

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

I refer to your recent letter to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center regarding the sighting of a UFO you reported to the authorities on [REDACTED]. You did not include any other information (such as data and place), so we ask that you forward the data and file concerning where it occurred.

In the event you did not fill out the Air Force Questionnaire, I am enclosing one which I request you fill out to the best of your memory and forward the completed document to the Technical Information Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

For your information I am enclosing the latest Department of Defense facts sheet on UFOs which clearly state the position of the Air Force and the Department of Defense on this subject.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [REDACTED]
Columbus 13, Ohio

- page 58 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

APGIN-LB2x
SUBJECT: Request for Information (Mr. _______)

TO: SAFOT-3d (L/Col Tacker)

1. Mr. _______ wrote to ATIC and requested information concerning a sighting he reported to the Air Force in 1958. Mr. Israel did not include the date of any other information concerning his sighting. In this listing Suggest you request the witness to forward the date of the sighting and the name of the place where it occurred to the Air Force.

2. Suggest the latest "Fact Sheet" be forwarded to: ______

3. The address is:
Mr. _______
Columbus 13, Ohio

FOR THE COMMANDER:
PHILIP G. EVANS
COLONEL, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 59 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Thank you very much,

This case sir,

In your reply to my unidentified flying object sighting, you stated that the information I gave you would be used in your continuing analysis. 

Could you please send me any information you have released since Sept 5, 1958 on this analysis? Or on the information released since Sept 5, 1958 on UFOs?

Thank you very much,

Cols, 13, Char

- page 60 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO analysis sheet or report from Project Blue Book.

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
Location: Columbus, Ohio
Date (Local): Sunday Oct 1958
Hour (Local): 0600
Hour (2 Time Group): 1100Z
Satellite: (Det 5 ATIC, Ext 3279) -------
Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc) --------
Radar Analysis* (AFCIN-4E2) N/A
Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc) --------
Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc ------
Other: Insuff data (old report)
Evaluation of Source Reliability: Unknown
Analysis and Conclusions: This report was sent in two (2) years after the incident occurred. It is possible that it could have been a light on an aircraft or balloon, but due to the lapse of time an investigation of the incident is impractical.

- page 61 -

The image contains a diagram that appears to be a celestial map or a view of the sky. It shows a hemispheric projection with various lines, angles, and directional labels. There is a hand-written text at the top that says "A - first spotted, B - radio cut" and "At B B about 15 MIN."

Now, as an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

A - first spotted
B - radio cut
At B B about 15 MIN.
90°
Zenith
180°
S
135°
SE
90°
E
45°
NE
0°
N
315°
NW

- page 62 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is used to collect information about sightings or encounters.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and used as accurately as possible, please use the following spaces to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given on the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional sheets of paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: B.E. Owens
SIGNATURE: [Signature]
DATE: 2-4-60

Drove looking around the sky. Could see several formations; the one that I watched for about 2-3 minutes was disc shaped, appeared to be hovering, and moved rather slowly. Its path was erratic, up and down, and side to side. It would pause, then move on a little and pause again. It travelled in my sight about 4-500 yards and then went behind some trees. It gave a brilliant orange light. I timed it for about 45 minutes.

- page 63 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions and answers filled out.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED CITY, STATE]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
Age: 18 Sex: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
PRESENT: ART STUDENT ANT AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHER WITH THIS NORTH STAR AND DESIGN

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 Aug 60

- page 64 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Name: ____
Address: ____
Year: ____

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One): Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Outside of Milfad Ohio - About 1/2 to 3/4 summer ago, at a picnic camp. Object was almost certainly saucer like in shape.

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I don't know The object could be anything from natural to man made phenomena, but it was strange enough that I could not determine what it was. It seemed out of ordinary without physical evidence, but it was more interesting than anything I have seen before.

- page 65 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line labeled "A" and a curved line labeled "B" to illustrate how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when the observer first saw it. The second sketch contains two drawings, one larger and one smaller, showing a landscape with a person standing on a road. These appear to be examples or illustrations rather than photographs.

Here is the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 66 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Using optical character recognition (OCR), the text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One):
a. Yes
b. No
c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile's headlight? 
(Circle One):
a. Like headlight, bright and dazzling
b. Several blocks away
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Sudden to stand up and dash away? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts -- exploded? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Leave a trail? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: 
(Circle One):
a. Solid b. Transparent c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Window glass Yes No
f. Other

- page 67 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text output from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other _Outside_
26. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open country/rural?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other _____
27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? Door carrying paper worked night sky
28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. East, c. South, d. West, e. Northeast, f. Southeast, g. Southwest, h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One) a. West, b. North, c. East, d. South, e. Northeast, f. Southeast, g. Southwest, h. Northwest
30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) a. West, b. North, c. East, d. South, e. Northeast, f. Southeast, g. Southwest, h. Northwest
31. If you were able to compare the object's apparent size with known angular diameters, try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: From true North 190 degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: From true North 140 degrees.

- page 68 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains a questionnaire with text responses.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any change in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

The object would have been A estimated at 25 from one end to the other across the sky.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Held a match stick or pencil length in line with the object and note how much of the object's apparent size was covered by the match stick or pencil length. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

The object would have been .covered by the match head.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, disappeared out of sight.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A pinhead about 35 from one end to the other across the sky.

- page 69 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions and answers about the observer's experience with an unidentified object.

3. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Bright b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Full moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? Yes, No, Don't Know

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Glow or smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes No Don't Know

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes No Don't Know

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other Yes No

- page 70 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire that was part of a Project Blue Book UFO report.

16. Sound - CRS.
b. Color - Bright white.
17. The drawing shows a sketch with an elliptical shape and an arrow pointing towards it, indicating the direction of movement. No other details about the object are provided.
18. The edges of the object were: (a) Fuzzy or blurred.
19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? This section is left blank, indicating that there was only one object observed.

- page 71 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a technical information sheet from the U.S. Air Force.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. The information that you give will be used for research purposes and will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. 
1. When did you see the object? 5-30-58 OCT 3 1958
2. Time of day: 6 Hours 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? CELINA, OHIO State or Country
5. How long was object in sight? 15 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Fairly certain
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: b. NIGHT:
Bright Cloudy Bright Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 72 -

The image does not contain any photograph, but rather a handwritten letter. I will now proceed to extract all the text from the document:

Dear Sir:
Enclosed are the considered reports to the effect that I cannot remember the exact date when I had my first sitter in Tipp [City?] or when I received the information that the Government had created a special section to investigate UFOs. 
To begin with, there is not much I could possibly give, as we were hardly ever made privy to the real activities of this branch and knew only what was allowed to filter through. We could possibly give a clue as to where the most concentration of these investigations took place, but beyond that I do not feel we could be of much help.
Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 73 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn sketch of an unidentified object.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: SILENT
b. Color: Bright green

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you were able to see such as wings, protrusions, etc. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.

The light traveled from south to north on a straight course. It was a bright green color and the object disappeared suddenly.

18. The edges of the object were:
1. Circles (Hazy) or Fuzzy or Blurred
2. Sharply outlined
3. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and give an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 74 -

