The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10075 RECORD CARD

1. DATE 
3-16-58

2. LOCATION
Akron, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
19:50 PM 
GMT-0/23302

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION  
Ground-Radar
Air-Visual
Civilian

5. DURATION OF SIGHTING
App 3 min

6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 
1

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 min

8. COURSE
N/A

9. COMMENTS
The signal was detected by ground radar and was observed visually. It was described as a yellowish-white light which remained stationary for 3 minutes and then disappeared. No samples of material received.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Witnesses:
Unidentified green ball or haze 02:35 and tracked with 0* 7654. Ohio State Patrol. Non Identified sighter, went traveling to the east, traveling constant speed, appeared to be going east at around 2000 feet, advised to report contact and send pictures via air force.

Manager's comments:- This appears to be the evening object like the tinfoil is in weight. this and silver in color, in travel has been checked with or more case than people, and more when passed over has been advised in air.

RTVAER 99996 4 - State Patrol chsied a few chucks of the AF by the understandment.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Ohio State Highway Patrol regarding a reported sighting of an unidentified flying object.

OHIO STATE HIGHWAY PATROL
WARREN, OHIO
March 5, 1958

Commander, A.P.C.T.O. 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Sir:

This message is being forwarded to you as requested for your information. For your general information it was first observed at 8:55 p.m. or about 9:00 p.m. on February 28, 1958 by State Police Trooper, Ohio, on the Ohio Turnpike, near Ohio toll plaza 17.1, which is located 7.2 miles south of the Akron Depot.

This trooper, at about 9:00 p.m., observed the alleged matter floating and gliding in the sky about 250 feet to 300 feet in altitude near the Ohio Turnpike, and 7.2 miles south of the Akron Depot. This unit was assigned the complaint and arrived at the scene at 12:15 a.m. This unit was able to observe the object as it was first sighted, but it disappeared after about 10 minutes. The troopers attempted to contact the object using the patrol car spotlight, but it did not respond. The troopers then received permission to switch the pursuit car to the control tower at Akron-Canton Airport.

Respectfully yours,

Sgt. Jf. J. Martino 
Ohio Highway Patrol

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a routing slip or document cover sheet.

MGi 4-9-58 USAF
CASE 0 S-23-0S
INITIAL

DATE
COORDINATION

FILE

INFORMATION
NECESSARY

NOTE AND
RETURN

SGC AND

Paragraph 1:
"This is the answer to this letter to Mr. Ballentine of Ohio State Highway Patrol, a copy of which is attached. We considered the Ballentine letter in conference with the last paragraph of the April 1950 search because it was local."

Paragraph 2:
"This material was definitely a hoax."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on UFO Research Organization letterhead addressed to Major Tacker.

Text of the document:

UFO RESEARCH ORGANIZATION
1309 FOREST GLEN DRIVE
CUYAHOGA FALLS, OHIO

March 11, 1958

Major Tacker:
Sight Information Division
Office of Information Services
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear Major Tacker:

This will confirm my telephone conversation with you regarding the sighting reports I mentioned in my last letter. I now am requesting some information on February incident in this area.

On March 5th or 6th this --------- --------- ---- is the first time sighting from this area of an object described long, 1/2 illuminated, discharging some sort of motive force and apparently under intelligent control. This was seen for several minutes.

Your immediate attention to this matter will be appreciated.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]
Director

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

FILE CLASS
OFFICIAL FILE COPY
OFFICE OF RECORD  

13 March 1958

Pvt. J. P. Gilmartin, OSAF
State Highway Patrol
Box 235
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio

Dear Mr. Gilmartin:

Thank you for sending us samples of the material turned over to you by Mr. . We have analyzed the material and find that it is strips of foil known as "Mylar", which is used in connection with radar operations as a jamming device, and also to drift from air vehicles during various exercises.  

Your interest and cooperation in this matter is sincerely appreciated.

Sincerely,

LEE H. STRAHL
Deputy Chief
Air Intelligence Office

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten letter on the letterhead of the UFO Research Organization in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio, dated April 12, 1958.

The text of the letter reads as follows:

UFO RESEARCH ORGANIZATION
1309 FOREST GLEN DRIVE
CUYAHOGA FALLS, OHIO
April 12, 1958

Major Lawrence J. Tacker
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear Major Tacker:

My letter of March 11, 1958 has still not been answered. I request that you investigate this matter as an urgent case. In this letter I mentioned an incident which occurred on March 5th or 6th, and I still await your detailed comments.

On March 5th or 6th, at approximately 7:00 P.M., some natural falling from the sky was reported in the Ohio area. It was a large ball of fire which seemed to descend very slowly in a southerly direction. The material fell in this area which is in the extreme southwestern portion of Cuyahoga County, near the Geauga County line.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]
Director

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document. The image appears to be a letter containing text.

TRANSCRIPT:

17 April 1959

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

This is to acknowledge your letter of 12 April 1959 concerning foil-like material which fell from the sky at Akron County Airport on 5 March 1959.

For your information this material was "chaff", a foil-like material used by the U.S. Air Force in radar counter measure tests.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. [REDACTED]
Director
UFO Research Organization
1309 Forest Glen Drive
Cleveland Hills, Ohio

COMEBACK-SAFIS-3
REARIS-SAFIS-1
STAYBACK-SAFIS-3

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Output from OCR:

State Highway Patrol
Urbana,Ohio
March 7,1958

Commanding A.F.T.O.I.
5036th Reconnaissances Air Force Base
Fairborn.Ohio

Sir:

The enclosed matter is being forwarded to you as requested for your information. On 3/5/58 various sightings of airborne objects were observed from the Arcna area on south around Logan,Ohio. This same matter was telephoned to the Dayton Air Force base on 3/6/58.

About 100 yards south of Logan, Ohio, I observed the enclosed matter floating above 6,500 feet. The object was round and seemed to be a silvery white in color. Its elevation would be a bit over 5 statute miles up. Our records show that we first observed these objects at 19:34 PG-5-58.

This unit was assigned the complaint and arrived at the scene at 19:01 EDST. Only people contacted outside the department were the Weather Bureau and the control tower at Across-Dayton Airport.

Respectfully yours,

7th J.P.Gillanders CSP
State Highway Patrol.

- page 9 -

