The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 8-24-1958
2. LOCATION: Russellville, Alabama
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 12:30 P.M.
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. DURATION: 2-3 minutes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
9. COURSE: W - E
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: "Two metallic disc-like objects were observed flying over Russellville, Alabama. The objects appeared to be metallic and very brilliant in color. They made no sound and were observed for 2-3 minutes. The objects appeared to be flying at a high rate of speed and at a high altitude. They were observed to be changing directions at high speed and at times they appeared to stop momentarily."
11. COMMENTS: "This sighting was initially reported to the WPFS Air Force Base in Montgomery, Alabama and was forwarded to the Tactical Air Command Headquarters, Langley Air Force Base, Virginia, for investigation and evaluation."

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a historical government program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

COPY

UNCLASSIFIED 

SUBJECT: Sighting of unidentified aerial objects 

DATE: 7 December 1958

Dear Lt Ruppelt of Technical Information:

This concerns a sighting of unidentified aerial objects near Russellville, Alabama, on 26 November 1958. 

On the above date, about 1:00 AM CST, Mr. R. D. Johnson, an employee of the Alabama Power Company, was driving alone in his car on Highway 43 near Russellville, Alabama. He observed what he described as a "white, brilliantly lighted object" hovering over the highway. This object was approximately 25 to 30 feet in diameter and about 10 to 15 feet off the ground. It remained stationary for about 30 seconds, then moved rapidly to the northeast out of sight. 

Mr. Johnson stated that he had never seen anything like this before and that he was quite surprised and frightened by the incident. He did not report the sighting immediately, but mentioned it to his supervisor the following day.

It is requested that this information be turned over to the proper authorities for investigation, as Mr. Johnson feels that the incident warrants further study.

Sincerely,
W.L.C.
Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Russellville Resident Detachment

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Observed at Craggy Modale, 2:30h-4:31.
This was a case involving a convoy of multiple missiles or unidentified flying objects that were observed by multiple witnesses. The objects were described as bright, solid, and of unusual size and speed. They were observed for approximately 2 hours before they disappeared from view. The report suggests that the incident was of great significance and warrants further investigation.

Classification Cancelled
GR - 6 Jan 52 - 3606
Copy - one original distribution file

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter or report from Project Blue Book, the United States Air Force's UFO investigation project.

Output of the OCR text:

Lt*# no dace. Subj: "Letter of Transmittal"
APCR-23-52-.

Air Technical Intelligence Center, Intelligence Division
TOj Commander, Fourth Air Force, (MATS) ATTN: Intelligence Division
GOZ-50c1g4-5 Tntn*' •d Rpuort, Project Codefc: (CAIC)

1. Reference it»da* that your organization be notified of the following information submitted:

Final investigation revealed that your organization be notified of the following information submitted:

and the Air Force classified project called "(U) Blue Project?.
In order to assure continuity of the project, in the future any direct reply to this office or subsequent correspondence must be classified in the highest degree.

H. K. GILLHAM
Ijtrehal, USAF
Deputy for Operations
Case/Assignment

- page 4 -

