This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a cover page or document header for a classified report from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED
7-3745 - 962
10038440
RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASIIASHAF-AI
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1957 - 1957 UFO Statistics and Data Requested by Congressman Henderson
AFCIN-4Xb
AFCIN-4Xr
AFCIN-4X3
AFCIN-4X4
AFCIN-4X5
AFCIN SAFIS-3, Attn: Major Tasker 23 May 58
AFCIN-1-hh, AFCIR-4b
22 d. Reference telephone conversations between your office and this Center on 20 May 1958, and our telephone message, dated 23 May 1958 regarding the preparation and transmission of subject matter.
1. Attached document is a detailed breakdowns of UFO evaluations and statistics, as requested by Mr. Henderson. Also included, are detailed statistical and other related data extracted from the "BLUE BOOK" Special Report No. 14. This should fulfill all requirements on the matter.

N.L. Marly 26 may 58
INCL:
Document, UFO Statistics 
And Data (Fiscal)

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a routing and coordination sheet from Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

AFCIN-4
Copies - Correspondence Re Congressman Henderson Request to DOD for UFO Data and Statistics

AFCIN-4X2
AFCIN-4X3
AFCIN-4X4
AFCIN-4X5
AFCIN-4X1, Attn: Major Byrne                                      23 May 1958
AFCIN-4R 1

AFCIN-4R/Capt Gregory/hdo/9216
Forwarded for your information and retention. In accordance with existing policies that your office be kept informed of actions of this type.

/s/ WALTER REED
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4R

3 Incls:
1. CY Ltr to DOD                                  
2. CY 4 Ltr SAFIS,
3. Cy Ltr Congressman Henderson, dtd 23 May 58

NL Wiley 26 may 58

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

Dear Mr. Ardier:
Here is a letter from Congressman Henderson of the 15th District, Ohio, concerning UFO's.
He asks many questions and we desire to have complete answers to each one in response to his letter.
He also wants ten of the best sightings in the last five years which have been classified as "unknown". Please oblige to the best of your ability.
I intend to hand-carry the reply to Mr. Henderson and brief him on the entire project as Roland did Chairman Vinson and we intend to show him the minutes of the Formal Report.
I suspect the letter was inspired by a constituent in Ohio but, since the Congressman uses first person, we must handle as a personal concern.
I need this information in my office no later than 27 May 1958.
Sorry for the time element but their suspense to me is the next day.
Sincerely,
LAWRENCE J. VAUGHT
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Enclosure
a/s
Mr. A. R. Ardier
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document, likely a letter or report from the "Congress of the United States" addressed to the "Secretary of Defense" regarding "Unidentified Flying Objects" and "Project Blue Book".

CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
WASHINGTON, D.C. 
May 8, 1958

Hon. Neil H. McElroy
Secretary of Defense
Department of Defense 
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Mr. Secretary:

I have read with considerable interest the book, "The Report on Unidentified Flying Objects," by Edward J. Ruppelt, telling of the work of Project Blue Book.

In order to be brought up to date with respect to the information developed since Ruppelt left the project, I should appreciate having the answer to several questions. Briefly, these questions are:

1. Is Project Blue Book, or some similar project, still in operation to receive, investigate and evaluate UFO reports?
2. Have reports of UFO's still continued to come in? If so, how many since 1953? How are these distributed by year and month?
3. How many have been classified as "unknown" by your investigators each month?
4. Have any efforts been made to get more scientific data on UFO's than is provided by visual sightings or by visual observance of radar equipment? For example, have any efforts been made to track and triangulate UFO's so as to determine their speed and altitude?
5. Have any tests been conducted to ascertain whether the acceleration of a UFO is sufficient to cause effects on the human body similar to those produced in high-speed jet aircraft?
6. Have instrument recordings been made of UFO's by ground observers, and have any photographs or films been taken of UFO's? In addition to knowing the answers to the above, I should appreciate knowing if any of the above or similar efforts have been planned, are in progress, or have been completed.

Could you furnish me reports on any ten of the best sightings in the last five years which have been classified as "unknown"?

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on government letterhead.

Hon. Neil H. McElroy 
May 8, 1950

Has any regular procedure been established to exchange UFO information with our allies? Have any of our allies issued official reports on UFOs?

Sincerely yours,

John E. Henderson
JEH:mh

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

JOINT MESSAGEFORM
23 MAY 58 23 04Z

ACTION PRIORITY PRECEDENCE TYPE MSG (CIRC.) ACCOUNTING ORIG. OR REFERS TO CLASSIFICATION OF CONTENTS
INFO 
FROM: COMDR, ATIC
SUBJ: PARTS-3. MAJOR TACKER
UNCLASSIFIED/AFCIN-484 5-1052-E

A. Ref Ltr to Secy of Defense from Congressman Henderson, and your urgent request just rec'd by ATIC for extensive info, statistics, UFO cases and answers to questions requested by Mr. Henderson, and required for personal briefing to be given him, Tues. 27 MAY 58.

B. Confirming our teleconv. Impossible to provide large mass of info required by Monday, 26 May. Based on similarly imposed requirements in the past. Per our agreement, will transmit info and data desired by DT Mag here, and send summary and 1947-1958 statistics to your office by Monday afternoon.

C. Before answering questions or providing info, in order which they appear in ltr to Mr. McElroy, a few facts concerning Ruppelt and his book should first be given, inasmuch as it appears to be basis for congressional request to Dept of Defense.

SYMBOL AFCIN-484 TYPED (or stamped) NAME AND TITLE
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION Unclassified CAPT. J.S.R.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a "JOINT MESSAGEFORM - CONTINUATION SHEET" classified as "Unclassified".

The text in the document reads:

COMDR, ATIC

A. As with any free-lance author, Mr. Ruppelt's Theories, opinions, and conclusions are his own, and not necessarily those of the Air Force. His book was reviewed and passed on by Hq USAF from a security viewpoint only. While most of the statements in his book are factual, the inferences and implications that he attempts to leave are definitely questionable.

As project officer of UFO program, Ruppelt had good knowledge and appreciation of various technical and scientific fields; competent in monitoring investigations, studies; collecting and correlating data for analyses, and conclusions. However, he was not an expert in highly specialized fields such as astrophysics, meteorological optics, psychological influences, etc., for which Air Force has relied on many scientists and specialists, whose conclusions are considered more valid.

E. Answers and info in order of questions submitted in Mr. McElroy's letter: (1) Project Blue Book is a continuous Air Force project; is directly related to Air Force responsibility of defense of Air Space over U.S.; and rigidly prescribed by a standing directive, AFR 200-2, for the detection, identification and analysis of things in the air that may be a threat to U.S. (2) Yes, Reports still continue to come in. (3) Since 1953 a total of 2764 reports have been received, for an average of slightly over 550 per year.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text on a Joint Messageform - Continuation Sheet. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM - CONTINUATION SHEET
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: Unclassified
(4) Distribution by year and month (Statistics to be handcarried your office) (5) Unknown by year and month (to be handcarried) (6) Yes (7) Yes. Numerous times, and often involve very experienced radar operators. This is standing requirement for radar operators when object considered UFO and photo equipment available. Examples: Some time ago Navy rushed to ATIC approximately 3000 ft of radar film of UFO observed via radar. Also, a B-36 radar operator with 11 yrs experience photographed exceptionally large UFO's showing on his screen while flying over the South Atlantic. Analysis confirmed the nature of the UFO's. Tracking film has been done through Theodolite, radar and other instruments. Triangulation is a part of the standard analysis technique, and is utilized where two or more observers report the same object from separate locations. (9) Yes. Results negative. For example, Geiger Counter sweeps of some aircraft involved with alleged UFO's at high altitudes shows a slightly higher radioactivity than normal. Reason: Aircraft receive a greater dosage of cosmic rays at high altitudes. Examples: Mantell Case, (which apparently prompted this query). (10) Yes. Specialized combination spectrographic - stereo-cameras instruments are located in approximately 60 strategically located sites in the U.S. Results: negative. Only conventional objects in those few spectrographic photos taken.
SYMBOL AFCIN-4EEG
DD: MAY 55 173-1
PAGE 3 OF 5
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: Unclassified
INITIALS

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

JOINT MESSAGEFORM - CONTINUATION SHEET
FROM: COMDR, ATIC
(11) Yes. Those not found to be hoaxes, photographic flaws, mistaken identification, and optical illusions caused by adverse weather, light exposure or other conditions, are at best, only large and small indeterminate spots of light.
(12) In order to improve its investigative, detection and analytical techniques and capabilities, the Air Force is continuously testing and experimenting in this field. For example, the world-wide "Moonwatch" facilities are often called upon for data to assist in identifying reported unidentified aerial objects. The services of all professional astronomical observatories are at the Air Forces disposal, and also the FBI, OSI, ONI and others where needed. (13)
Ten best "Unknowns" of the last five (5) years (Re telecon between Maj. Tacker and Capt. Gregory 1330 hrs, Fri. 23 May 58. The conclusion was that this was apparently without interim period, and that interview with Mr. Henderson could cover subjects.) (14) The Air Force is advised of foreign sightings by various U.S. government agencies and personnel overseas. Until recently very few foreign UFOs reported. Definitely established increase is proportionate to number of Flying Saucer and UFO books distributed overseas. (15) Only a very small percentage of UFO reports officially issued by foreign governments or our allies. The majority generally qualify them with opinion that objects are probably aircraft of other nations (or some cases made).
AFCIN-4-Ehg

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

JOINT MESSAGEFORM - CONTINUATION SHEET

FROM: CONDR, ATIC

F. Recommend that the "Air Force Semi-Annual UFO Report" recently submitted by this Center, be brought to both Senator Saltonstall's and Congressman Henderson's attention, particularly para B.G, which proves that concerted, wide-scale campaign now under way to contact all members of Congress to pressure Air Force re UFO's.

COORDINATION:
Dr. MILON-AFCIN-4E4, Alexander Miler
Col. Gilbert - AFCIN-4E - Blank
Mr. Arcier - AFCIN-4X - 29 JUNE 58
Lt. Col. Byrne - AFCIN-X1 - Blank

SYMBOL PAGE NO. OF PAGES SECURITY CLASSIFICATION INITIALS
AFCIN-4E4g 5 5 Unclassified

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum providing details about a briefing of representatives from the Air Force on the Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) program. The text in the document is as follows:

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD
SUBJECT: Briefing of Representative Henderson and Colleagues on the Air Force Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) Program

1. On 20 June 1958, MAJOR JOHN SAGAIN AGOKIN-XA, and MAJOR RICHARD LAFEAIR, assisted by Mr. Ardissi, AGIN-XXI, and accompanied by the following members of Representatives John E. Henderson, Ohio:

Rep. Henderson, Ohio
Rep. Cramer, Florida
Rep. Ferguson, Washington
Rep. (Mrs.) Katharine St. Onge
Mr. Bachelor (Adm. Aid--Cramer)
Mr. Toly (Adm. Aid--Jr. Magnuson)
Mr. Gordon (Adm. Aid--Grirren, Mich.)

2. The briefing was prepared in response to a personal request by Rep. Henderson who previously submitted a request for information on UFOS. AGOKIN prepared the necessary briefing material.

3. Members of Congress are constantly besieged by constituents regarding UFOs including allegations and personal visits. With rare exceptions, such requests are forwarded to APFL for answer. The lack of information on UFOs increased by the Congress has caused a considerable interest, a great number of Congressmen and their administrative aids have indicated an interest in first-hand information on the UFOS.

4. The Congressional audience was favorably impressed by the presentation. One apparent dedicated skeptic, at the conclusion of the briefing, expressed his complete faith and confidence in the APFL and indications that they were now prepared to deal directly with their constituents without resorting to SAFFL.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed memorandum for record.

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD

5. The subject briefing, scheduled for one hour, lasted the full morning, with efforts to the considerable interest in the subject. 

The following is believed to have accrued from the briefing, with members expressing:

a. Confidence in the Air Force UFO program.  
b. An understanding of the problems the Air Force faces in administering the program.
c. Acceptance of responsibility to personally advise their constituents on UFO matters.
d. Agreement that it would be unwise to give the subject undue publicity, particularly in an open or closed formal congressional hearing.
e. Distrust in private organizations and authors, as giving undue injustice to the continuance of "flying saucers" and stimulating unfavorable public hysteria.

6. Mr. Acler addressed the group as a technical consultant.

7. The excellent briefing material prepared by ATIC and the personal attendance of Mr. Acler, who impressed the group with his profound counsel, deserve special note as reason for success of the briefing.

8. Classified portions of the U.O. Scientific Panel Report of 1953 were made available to and received for by the Congressmen present.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed list of representatives and their associated states or roles.

Rep. Cramer, Florida 
Rep. Henderson, Ohio
Rep. Mognuson, Washington
Rep. Mongell Asst. to Henderson
Rep. Gorden Asst. to Griffen, Michigan
Rep. Bachelor Asst. to Cramer
Rep. Telz Asst. to Mognuson
Rep. Walker Asst. to Tollesson, Washington
Rep. Bass New Hampshire
Rep. Alger Texas
Rep. May Connecticut

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing a "Humanoid Briefing".

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

Humanoid Briefing

- Would the recent sightings do the efforts of some organizations associated with the effort who not so friendly.

- The mentioned is a aerial 
Little men case seem very are unidentified totally unusual

- Seen "can" air navigation cp
Feb 1949.

- Humanoid crew 1 to 4 meter height, 
uniform resemblance wear like us
from matchless derences - all from ground

- Vicksburg sled 1 was from reliable officer
- from the air

All data and 4 were by and man and commander "NICAP" base on fact
certainly that all disappearance has appeared

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on a lined page. The text appears to be in a language other than English, and it mentions "Crilley", "Aceto trilic", and "constitution stalement les orines".

Crilley
Aceto trilic
constitution stalement les orines

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten page from a UFO report document.

"1st Report of "Greider" presentation
- 18,000 case files
- 86 min tape
- 4 volumes of cards
- 1 case procedure that thought
- All must documented
- UFO = Selling Battle to Public
- AF does not deny UFO
- "Cold Technical Person"
- 7 cases released to press
- Sky gemina photon, case night sky
- Ground and boards as well as sky
- Ghosts more frequent than UFO

(to AF-meet with Battelle Memorial Institute, re screening of) 
Pilot contact
Minimum - Using tonne
New data are not located

Give me part from Brigg on tape
(Late reports when no evidence available)"

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document.

1st response of guest is to advise NSA or any military to use Rapid anti-VSAT polling in radio.

Rapid mobile in reappl who looks up reappli in suciemnit in buildermnid.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

UNCLASSIFIED 
[REDACTED, EXCEPT]
CLEARANCE FOR WHICH APRIL-54 WAS PRESENT ING OF AN ATOMIC TECHNICAL CONSULTANT CONCERNING THE ATOMIC ENERGY COMMISSION'S INTEREST, PARTICULARLY CONCERNING THE FIVE TYPICAL UNUSUAL CHARACTERISTICS OF CERTAIN FLYING OBJECTS MENTIONED IN GAP REPORT NO.16, WHICH IS SCHEDULED FOR 16 JUNE. IT WILL BE A DISCUSSION AND APPRAISAL AT TOP LEVEL-MEETING OF INVESTIGATION OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS; FOR FURTHER ARRANCEMENT. 
16 JUN REPORT

- page 19 -

