The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a record card from Project 10073, with various information fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
2. LOCATION
3. DURATION
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
5. COURSE 
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8. DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING
9. CIVILIAN OR MILITARY
10. NAME AND ADDRESS OF OBSERVER
11. CASE DATA DESCRIPTION CONFORM TO SATELLITE OBSERVATIONS
12. CONCLUSIONS

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned copy of a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Project Blue Book
Technical Information Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 
Dear Sir:

In 10 July, 1958, at 5:30 p.m., two objects were observed over the air force base in Udine, Italy. The witnesses included Signor Bartolo Salvatore and other civilian personnel.

I would like to know the following:

(a) What is the air force's conclusion in connection with this incident?
(b) What was the exact number of witnesses?
(c) The altitude of the air force officer fell one of the civilian witnesses - what details can you provide on this?

Sincerely yours,

Domila

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a historical government program that investigated UFO sightings in the United States.

Text from the document:

20 July 1958
Chicago

Dear Mr. H:

A thorough search of the UFO files at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio failed to reveal the two cases you refer to in your letter of August 7th.

The closest we could come to the 1953 date you suggest is a sighting from a civilian aircraft over McKinney, Texas on 21 July 1953. The individual who made the observation was apparently a balloon. I hope that this information is helpful.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
Chief, ATIC Project UFO Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Director of GUARD
6820 South Shore Drive
Chicago 19, Illinois

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's historical program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF:     TD-B/Major Friend

SUBJECT:     Request for UFO Information (David Daughters)

TO:          Hq USAF (SAFOI-3c - Major Coleman)

1. Reference the attached letter to SAFOI from Mr. dated 7 August 1961, requesting information on the USAF UFO program.

2. The cases referenced in Mr. letter could not be found in the reports of their occurrence never got into Air Force channels.

3. The UFO sighting which occurred at 2075 on 20 July 1958. This object, which was observed from a civilian aircraft, was concluded to be a balloon.

Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book related to a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

Civilian U. F. O. Research
DIRECTOR 
CHICAGO 40, ILLINOIS

7 August 1961

Major William T. Coleman
UFO PROJECT OFFICER
Public Information Division, USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Major Coleman:

I have long been trying to learn the outcome of Air Force investigations of two UFO sightings in the Chicago area. After unsuccessful attempts to obtain the details by writing to the Air Force Headquarters, I sent a letter on 22 Sep 60, a copy of which is attached.

On 22 Sep 60, I did receive a letter signed by Major Philip Sails, which stated that he had received my letter of 26 Sep 60, a letter from Lt. Col. Tacker stating that he had received the letter and was investigating the Fighter-Interceptor Squadron (UFO) case. He further stated, "When we receive the information, it will be forwarded to you" I have not heard a word since then.

A brief resume of each case follows:

(a) 17 Jul 57 - Elmwood Park, Ill. - Two personnel in a patrol car observed an object that glowed red-orange. The incident was immediately reported to the Air Force.

(b) 19 Jul 58 - Des Plaines, Ill. - Early morning. Three men on patrol observed an object at close range. They reported the incident to Des Plaines Police Department. The Des Plaines Journal also contacted Air Force officials.

I would like to know the official conclusions in these cases in accordance with AFR 200-2, section 9.

In a letter to you which accompanied the July issue of our monthly publication, I requested a comment on our disagreement over the handling of sightings involving only one witness. I would still appreciate comment.

Her letter from DOD news release on the subject has been released (in an early copy of Sat. Eve Post) - I would also like to have a copy.

Director of CUFOR

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the Civilian U.F.O. Research organization addressed to Major William T. Coleman, UFO Project Officer, Public Information Division, USAF, Washington 25, D.C.

Civilian U.F.O. Research
CHICAGO 19, ILLINOIS
3 October 1961

Major William T. Coleman
UFO Project Officer
Public Information Division, USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Major Coleman:

On 10 June 1961, at your request, I sent you information regarding a sighting in Janesville, Wisconsin, according to APR 200-2.

Would you please send me a copy of the latest ED News Release on the subject?

On 7 August 1961, I requested information regarding two Chicago-area sightings. (4 Nov 57, Elmwood Park; 19 Jul 58, Des Plaines, Ill.) I have been trying to obtain information about these incidents for over a year. If I can be of assistance, please let me know.

As you requested, I am sending information on two sightings (20 Aug 61, 5:45 p.m. over Cincinnati, Ohio; I would like to know the official conclusion in this case, in accordance with APR 200-2, section V.

Major, I have a considerable amount of patience and I feel you are doing your work well. I hope you will provide the information requested, hurry inquiring as to when these characteristics will remain unchanged.

Sincerely,
Director
Civilian UFO Research

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

6 October 1961

Dear Mr.

In an earlier letter I replied to you concerning the sightings you mentioned in previous correspondence. 

The latest developments on the subject of UFOs are as follows: It will be several months before the new fact sheet is published.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
Assistant Public Information Officer
Office of Information
Director, Civilian UFO Research
Chicago 16, Illinois

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text about a "Flying Saucer-Like Object Reported Seen In N. Japan".

INFO ONLY
20 JULY 1955

Flying Saucer-Like Object Reported Seen In N. Japan
Tokyo, July 19--Sightings of a flying object resembling a flying saucer were reported in northern Japan Thursday night.
The Defense Agency, Civil Aviation Bureau, and the Self-Defense Forces all received reports of the incident.
The Air Defense Command announced that the weather bureau had explained the phenomenon as being due to a natural phenomenon, called "earth light" which has been reported previously.
The announcement added that the weather conditions at the time were such as would generally be favorable for this natural phenomenon. (The agency emphasized that no unusual aircraft was involved.)

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. The page lists various locations and dates of reported UFO sightings, along with details about the observers, photos taken, and an evaluation of the sightings.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1 - 11 AUGUST 1959 SIGHTINGS

DATE	LOCATION	OBSERVER	PHOTO	EVALUATION
1 Aug	Phoenix, Arizona	Central New Jersey	white	Insufficient Data
2 Aug	Las Vegas, Nevada	Salamanca, New York	pink	Other (POOR PHOTO PROCESS)
3 Aug	Boston, Massachusetts	Ogden, Utah	Other (INSUFFICIENT DATA)
4 Aug	Tiger, North Dakota	Baton Rouge, Louisiana	Other (UNRELABLE PHOTO)
5 Aug	Houston, Texas	New York City, Oklahoma	Military (VIS & RADAR)	Insufficient Data
6 Aug	Rapid City, South Dakota	Portland, Oregon	Military	Insufficient Data
7 Aug	Fargo, North Dakota	Troy Hill, New Jersey	Military (VIS)	Insufficient Data
8 Aug	Fremont, California	Mansfield, Montana	Military & C.G.	Insufficient Data
9 Aug	Flushing, Great-Neck, Levittown, New York	Military & C.G.	Insufficient Data

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE	LOCATION	SOURCE	EVALUATION
Aug	Universiy Fayetteville, North Carolina	Science News Ltr	Lar
Aug	Glendale, Oregon	Newscliping	Newscliping
Aug	Washington, D. C.	Newscliping	Newscliping

*** the following folder ***

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

Country: Italy
Set 1/2, Card 1/2
Info Spec: 22/11/55/haz/hil/hed/DEC/jl/j-3 Entire Document
Distr.: Haz/hil/hed/HZLR/j-3 cys
UNCLASSIFIED
AF # 190-58
Rpt #: TR-395-58
Observer: Capt. Augusto Abruzzi, Italy
D-1: 22 Aug 58
D-2: 22 Aug 58
FIAT RADIO ALTO ADIGE (Bolzano). This report of the sighting of unidentified flying objects appeared in the 22 August 1958 issue of the Italian newspaper "ALTO ADIGE" (Bolzano).
Many people, for some time, have been convinced that Friuli sky. Many people, for some time, have been convinced that he had seen something unusual in the sky, which this item, which has taken place on July 22 under various forms. However, the nature and origin of these strange phenomena, from 8 July last intermittently observed, are still under an investigation whose identification still remains a mystery.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

Set 1/2, Card 3/3  Italy  RC # 9  NC # 389-58

which appeared on their sky, which it is intermittent light of considerable intensity.  Both the light and second phenomena announced and studied by Professor Gentilli, of the Air Force of Italy, but the phenomena, which takes place also over the city and villages, do not seem comprehensible.

The Professor Gentilli is now studying the photographs taken with a powerful telescope.  According to his observations, the object is moving at high speed from southwest to northeast and left a luminous track of a considerable duration.  The phenomenon lasted for several seconds, with periods of darkness.

The disturbance occurred on Friday at the Professor continues, "just while it was at the observatory".  Monday evening it reappeared on the same route and with identical conditions of visibility, and the same happened on Tuesday.  According to additional data received, the luminous body, in addition to the fundamental progress forward, is endowed with an elliptical motion under the observers according to the same luminous phenomenon, it is quite probable that we are dealing with an artificial satellite of Russian or United States.

March 12, 1959

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a scientific news article discussing the appearance of bright objects in the sky during the month of July. The article provides details about the visibility and brightness of various planets and stars during this time period.

ASTRONOMY
BRILLIANT SKY SEEN IN JULY
The brilliant objects which appear to be seen in the southern sky during July - Jupiter and Saturn, have joined with the stars of the brighter southerly constellation to make an unusually fine spectacle in the evening sky. 
By JAMES STOKLEY
TWO BRIGHT PLANETS, Jupiter and Saturn, have joined with the stars of the brighter southerly constellation to make an unusually fine spectacle in the evening sky during July. 
During July were other planets appear but Jupiter and Saturn are the most noticeable. Mars, normally so bright, seems dim this year, as well as the bright morning and evening stars Venus and Mercury. But Jupiter and Saturn, near the meridian in the middle of the month, are sure to attract attention.
THE PLANET Jupiter, brighter than any star, is in the constellation Scorpius. Saturn, a little to the east, is a pale yellow-white, not as brilliant as Jupiter but still very conspicuous. In the same region is the bright red star Antares, which is part of the constellation of Scorpius.
The brightest star now visible surpasses Saturn, for the latter has been gradually waning in splendor this summer. This is the star Arcturus, just below and to the left of Cygnus, the swan. Arcturus is the fourth-brightest star in the entire sky. Much brighter than it are Sirius, Canopus and Alpha Centauri, but these are not visible from our northern latitudes.
Venus, even brighter than Jupiter, appears low in the east during the evening twilight. But, for the same reason, this is a good time to see the brightness of Jupiter and Saturn.
IT IS GENERALLY known that, at an eclipse of the sun, the moon appears exactly to cover the sun's disk. But for the same reason, this is a good time to see the brightness of Jupiter and Saturn.
IT IS GENERALLY known that, at an eclipse of the sun, the moon appears exactly to cover the sun's disk. But the same effect appears, though on a smaller scale, whenever the moon passes near a bright object in the sky, like a planet or a star. The planet or star then seems to disappear or be "occulted" by the moon.

- page 12 -

The image appears to contain a photograph showing a world map with a bulge in the sea, which is described as a "Bulge in the Sea - New world maps based on gravity research at Ohio State University show many irregularities in the earth's surface."

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

Celestial Time Table for July 
July 1 - First Quarter - 3.39 p.m.
6 - Full Moon - 7:00 p.m. 
14 - Last Quarter - 1:12 a.m.
22 - New Moon - 6:18 p.m.

Symbols for order of brightness:
yellow, green, blue and violet, above. But because the sun projects the brightness of 
these colors as white, we are often deceived. As a matter of fact the sun is not white at all, but a very pure and brilliant yellow.
All the planets, except the earth, are self-luminous. They give off light of their own. But as they become a part of the distance, their light becomes purer, and the colors become more pronounced. As the planets are farther away from us, they are bent downwards so much that they appear to rise and set just like the sun and moon.

BULGE IN THE SEA—New world maps based on gravity research at Ohio
State University show many irregularities in the earth's surface. Dr. Weikko A. Heiskanen, head of the Geodetio Institute, estimates an underwater mountain range of the Mid-Atlantic rift valley, and the Mariana Trench.

- page 13 -

Based on the image provided, there does not appear to be any photograph present. The image shows a typed document that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book report.

The text in the document states:

"The incident on July 15, 1958 wherein two delivery men and a car attendant at a bus passenger station reported that two glowing red fireballs seemed to soar silently across the sky, hovered for a few moments over O'Hare International Airport, and then shot away like rockets."

The document also states that the Air Force files do not reveal a sighting in the Desplaines, Illinois area on July 19, 1958. Instead, there was a report of a balloon sighting in the Crystal Lake area of Illinois on that date.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO research document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

OFFICE OF INFORMATION SERVICES
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

9 September 1960

OFFICE OF INFORMATION SERVICES
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
CHICAGO 16, ILLINOIS
RE: 52-239

Gentlemen:

We have been trying to learn the conclusions by the Air Force of two alleged sightings in the Udine, Italy area.

Correspondence with Lt. Col. J.L. Jordan, Chief, Information Services Division, USAF, indicates that they were unable to identify or confirm the descriptions of unidentified flying objects that have been made by these officials in the area, and the fact that they were not reported officially at the time of the sightings.

If, however, they were not identified and not reported, this would constitute a violation of Project BLUE BOOK procedures as prescribed in
Information regarding these sightings follows:

(a) In September 1957 and a fireman in a patrol car saw and attempted to follow a luminous object in the sky that was seen to descend behind some trees.

(b) In July 1958, two civilians reported seeing a bright red object pass overhead at a very high speed. This object was witnessed by several people and the sighting was officially reported. (Record Bureau Number 51335.)

It would like to be sure that the official conclusions in these cases were in accordance with AFR 200-2, Section 9.

Respectfully yours,
Director

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text only.

Transcribing the text:

Project Blue Book
Headquarters
Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base

Dear Sirs:

On 12 July 1958, at 0:14 hours, a report of the sighting of an unidentified flying object was received.

The object was first sighted at approximately 23:56 hours, 11 July 1958, and was observed until 23:59 hours, 11 July 1958, a duration of approximately 3 minutes.

The object was described as bright white in color, round in shape, and moving at a high rate of speed. It was at an altitude of approximately 5,000 to 10,000 feet. The object was seen by Air Force personnel.

I would like to know the following:

(a) What is the Air Force's conclusion in connection with this sighting?
(b) What was the exact number of witnesses?
(c) Why did an Air Force officer, will one of the division, basses, this officer's report as probably on erroneous and unreliable indications?

Sincerely yours,

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a typewritten letter from the United States Air Force regarding an unidentified flying object sighting. I will now proceed to transcribe the text in the document:

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Your letter of 23 January 1959, addressed to the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, concerning the unidentified flying object sighting at Des Plaines, Illinois, has been referred to this office for reply.

The United States Air Force has no record of this sighting.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Investigations Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. [REDACTED]
[REDACTED] Avenue
Chicago 18, Illinois

- page 17 -

