There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. The image shows a Project 10073 record card filled out with information about a sighting that occurred on 7 Jun 58 in Yellow Springs, Ohio. The observation included a circular object with a white or red/yellow fringe that was observed for 13 minutes.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 7 Jun 58
2. LOCATION: Yellow Springs, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0536/0038Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ci = Circular
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 13 mins
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: OBJ. white w/tinge of yellow or red, appeared as a disc, flickered.
9. COURSE: circular
11. COMMENTS: Description & maneuvers are typical of an n/c Springfield location.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about observed UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any publication or release of information without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 7 June 1958
2. Time of day: 9:35 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Theaer Dept., Antioch College, Yellow Springs, Ohio
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 30 Minutes Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Just a trace of daylight d. Dark night e. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire form with various questions about the sighting of a UFO or unidentified object.

Text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? (Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several blocks away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other.

11. Did the object: a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Circle One for each question) Yes, No, Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't Know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes, No, Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes, No, Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): If moved in front of: Yes, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?, b. Transparent?

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass (Circle Yes or No for each)

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

16. None
b. Color Aluminous white with tinge of yellow
17. Several to appear as a close (sic) disc
18. a. Fairly to be blurred
b. Likely high-like
c. Don't remember
19. Only one

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely an UFO report form, that includes text and some diagrams or illustrations.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Called Radio Technique - Disappeared behind treetop - Observ Disappeared didnt see it - Observ

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw, or what type material would you make it if you, and what shape would it have.

1. Unknown
2. Disc - NOTE
3. Looked similar to Mars in color but the light magnitude was not as intense

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? 
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Was scanning the sky for a particular star. Noted this object because it was moving in a circular path. 

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was elevated from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North 8 degrees. b. From horizon 60 degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North 68 degrees. b. From horizon 20 degrees. West

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire filled out regarding the observation of a UFO.

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? June 1958

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? Yes
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? Satellite, but ruled out since it moved at a high speed and unusual maneuvers. No sound could be heard and flight path oscillated indicating an object similar to a large satellite but accelerating.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

As requested, I will act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ________________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Name Hall, Antioch College, Yellow Springs, Ohio 
TELEPHONE NUMBER Redacted
What is your present job? Senior, majoring in Physics
Age 23 Sex Male
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school X 
c. College
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 June 1958
Mr. Redacted called ATIC at approximately 22:30 hrs, but had missed them. He waited until 23:00 hrs and he called from a friend's house 600 returned call in approximately 10 minutes. He again informed that a blue light was noticed between approx 22:00 hrs to 22:30 hrs on the ground of 26 June 1958.

SOO Report Comments. The 202 should have more info min. Should provide: 1. If any USAF aircraft or missile in area. 2. If any known astronomical phenomena. 3. If any unusual weather conditions. 4. Any additional comments, i.e. aircraft takeoffs/landings at nearby bases, balloon releases, etc. 2+40 hrs.

- page 8 -

