The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a project 10073 record card from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate UFO reports.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 9 FEB 58
2. LOCATION: Chingmai, Bangkok
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: Local 8:10 PM
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
   Ground-Visual
   Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5-10 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: One
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Several observers have varying descriptions such as bright ball, reddish or orange color, puffing smoke or green vapor. Some claimed to have heard a rushing or swishing sound, but most heard no sound.
11. COMMENTS: Apparently a fireball.
12. CONCLUSIONS:
   Was Balloon
   Possibly Balloon
   Was aircraft 
   Possibly Aircraft
   Was Astronomical "Meteor"
   Possibly Astronomical
   Insufficient Data for Evaluation
   Unknown

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text.

Due to the circumstances which were reported, the woodsmen were given a sum of money to hunt for the object. A group of reporters and intelligence officials later went to the scene. They were unable to find any trace of the object, and some of the search party were negative in their accounts. Several others did not all say the same thing, however, and the object was very low and bright.

Summary Comment:
From the several reliable eyewitnesses interviewed, apparently some object was sighted in the sky. Indications pointed by both French Priest and the American Airmen in Chiang Mai are questionable, since the object is supposed to have remained stationary for a period of at least 2 to 4 minutes and only later was observed to have moved very rapidly. The Americans reportedly observed a reddish object at 9:15 P.M., February 17, 1958. The details of their search and the results of it are not known. A limited search of the area was made by Thai police helicopter. No further action is being taken by the Consulate.

- page 2 -

There appears to be a photograph or image attached to this document, but it is not visible in the provided image. The text of the document is as follows:

AIR PRIORITY
FOREIGN SERVICE DESPATCH
FROM: AmConsul, CHIENGMAI
TO: THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE, WASHINGTON
REF: SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Sighted Over Chiengmai
On Sunday, February 9, 1958, at approximately 6:10 p.m., various people in Chiengmai sighted a low flying object moving at high speed. Eyewitnesses, including several Chiengmai officials, were of the opinion that the object was moving from west to east at an altitude variously reported as from 600 to 800 feet. As one official put it, "You could turn your head, like the rush of a jet plane," as it passed. The object was described as being phosphorescent, oval-shaped, emitting light like a ball, about the size of a basketball, with a tail or tail section trailing it. One eyewitness reported seeing a rocket-shaped object and described the various colors of the object (viz., white, blue, green and red). Some claimed to have heard a rushing or swooshing noise as the object passed, but most said they heard nothing.
A single report was received at the Consulate by a French Catholic Priest who stated that at about 6:15 p.m. he saw the object at an altitude of approximately 2,000 feet. He said the object was moving with tremendous speed and appeared to him only as a streak. Intermittent puffs of green vapor or smoke were observed. His impression of a shape was that it resembled a big bird.
About mid-morning of the next day (Monday, February 10, 1958) reports were received that the town of Sankhampeng, about 25 miles southeast of Chiengmai, had an object land in the mountains east of the town and that rumors were long as a big tree. One report stated an object had been sighted in the forest.
Action Taken
Upon receipt of the above reports, the Consular Officer immediately conferred with the Political Analyst and several Chiengmai newspaper reporters. Persons claiming to have witnessed the object were interviewed and their statements are substantially the same as detailed above. The group, augmented by a police guard and several officials, attempted to locate the object, but their search was fruitless. They said they felt earth tremors as the object left the area.

- page 3 -

