The image does not contain any photographs. 

Text from the image:

---

8 AUGUST 1958  
MCCORMACK SUB-COMMITTEE BRIEFING

RETURN TO  
USAF Historical Archives  
ASIA(HAF-A)  
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

---

7-3745-361  
1003841

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It is a text-only document.

Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

---
replace "Project GRUDGE".

6. The peak year of the UFO program was 1952 when an average of over 100 reports per month was received. This compares with 10 per month for 1951. The publicity fanfare given to the UFO controversy by the press, publishers, writers and others, reached a high pitch during 1952 and developed a tendency on the part of the public to question the Air Force's handling of the alleged "menace" presented by flying saucers. This came to a climax in late July 1952 during the much publicized Washington Flying Saucer sightings which purported to show flying saucers over the Capitol but which were in reality blips on radar scopes created by quite unusual atmospheric conditions. As a result of this, General Samford (the then Director of Intelligence) a few days after the sighting held a press conference which was televised nationally. His explanation and assurance that the UFO phenomena seen were not of interplanetary origin and did not constitute a threat to the United States were not only received with skepticism but were in fact totally rejected by a large number of writers, so called UFO experts.

7. Following this, General Samford asked the CIA to set up a panel of scientists to review the UFO program and the Air Force's handling of the situation.

-3-
---

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a text document.

Here is the transcription of the text from the document:

---
8. This panel was formed; it consisted of sixteen of the most distinguished scientists and authorities in the fields of physics, radar, geophysics, atomic energy, astronomy, rockets, guided missiles, scientific and technical intelligence, propulsion and photo interpretation, in the country. Their conclusions were that UFO's (a) held no direct physical threat; (b) were not foreign developments capable of hostile acts on the United States; and (c) were not unknown phenomena requiring the revision of current scientific concepts.

Their recommendations were:

a. First, that the UFO program be de-emphasized because it interfered with the normal operation and mission of many governmental services and agencies, particularly the Air Defense Command, which was compelled to use its radar, communications, air intercept and other units in investigating the overwhelming number of sightings brought to its attention. All to the detriment of its normal mission.

b. Second, that every effort be made to strip the UFO program of its air of mystery in the mind of the public, with the view of restoring the publics confidence in the Air Force and relieving the public of quite unwarranted anxiety.

---

- page 3 -

There are no photographs present on this page. Here is the text from the document:

9. The correlation which exists between the type of treatment given the UFO matter by press and publishers, and the number of reports received, is important and is shown by this chart.

CHART 1 - Frequency of UFO Reports

This chart illustrates the effect of the conservative, scientific approach of Life and Look magazines on UFO reports for that period, in contrast to the newspapers' treatment of the Washington Radar "Flying Saucer" incidents and General Samford's press conference. The New Yorker's "middle-of-the-road" treatment and its effect on sightings is also interesting to note.

10. Under Project BLUE BOOK, it became apparent that if reporting, investigation and analysis procedures were improved, the percentage of unsolved sightings would decrease. Accordingly, the following procedures were adopted:

First, the 4602A Air Intelligence Services Squadron (Headquarters, Air Defense Command) (now 1006th) was directed to carry out all field investigations and preliminary evaluations of UFO sightings. This organization has units deployed throughout the U.S., and they are so highly mobile that they can arrive "on the spot" within a very short time after a UFO report is received. This

-5-

- page 4 -

This image does not contain any photographs.

Here is the text from the document:

---
supplies the most important of all factors -- timeliness, and
leaves the Air Technical Intelligence Center free to perform
final analysis and evaluation.

Second, the issuance of a special directive (Air Force
Regulation 200-2) which spells out details and responsibilities
of Air Technical Intelligence Center, Air Defense Command, and other
Air Force units reporting investigation and analysis of UFO
sightings. Combining spectrographic and stereo devices.

Third, the use of a special camera known as "Videon camera".
This breaks down the light received from any object into its
components, thus permitting the determination of the elements of
which the object is composed. Seventy-five of these cameras were
placed in radar stations and control towers throughout the U.S.

Fourth, the submission of all UFO data collected since 1947
to scientists in and out of the Air Force to determine whether or not
a trend or pattern existed to indicate the nature or existence of the
so-called flying saucers. This program was handled by the Battelle
Memorial Institute.

11. These four procedures resulted in the following:
The AISS units contributed to the decrease in the number
of unknowns, approximately from 10% to 3%. Next, the new regulation

-6-

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs; it is a scanned document page.

Here is the text extracted from the image:

greatly improved reporting and it emphasized the importance of
cooperation by all Air Force units. Next, the use of Videoon
cameras, while not wholly successful due to the lack of operating
personnel, produced no results to indicate anything but conventional
airborne objects. Finally, the Battelle effort produced Project
BLUE BOOK, Report No. 14 which in October 1955 was declassified by
the Secretary of the Air Force and released in summary by the
Department of Defense. This study, which covered 8 years of
sightings concluded that:

First, there is a total lack of evidence that these unknowns
were inimical or hostile or a threat to the security of the country.

Second, there is a total lack of evidence that these unknowns
were interplanetary space ships.

Third, there is a total lack of evidence that these unknowns
represented technological developments or principles outside the
range of our present-day scientific knowledge.

Fourth, there is a total lack of any physical or material
evidence — not a piece - scrap - or a minute fragment of these
so-called "flying saucers" was ever found. It is our belief that
if more immediate, detailed objective observational data could have
been obtained on the "unknowns" most of these too,would have been
satisfactorily explained.

-7-

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

You may be interested in the rise and fall of UFO reports through the years, and to see the course of the unknowns which are obviously the prime concern of the Air Force.

CHART 2 - UFO Statistics for Calendar Year 1947 to recent date:
Note the peak year 1952 and subsequent decline.

CHART 3 - UFO Evaluation by Percentage 1955-1956
12. On this chart we show the categories of our UFO evaluations, for example 1955 and 1956 by percentage. You will note that the group which includes hoaxes, psychopathic etc. has been cut in half, and the "unknown" from 3% to 2.7%. This has roughly held to the present. (The group marked "insufficient data" has regrettably risen from 7% to 9.9%, possibly because of increased sky watching activities - sale of telescopes have risen over 200% since Sputnik I)

13. It is apparent, as previously stated, that, as prompter investigation becomes possible, as more experience in UFO investigation and analysis procedures is gained, and as better utilization of the services of scientists is made, the percentage of "unknowns" decreases.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page of text from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

14. At the present time, the UFO project organization, known as the Scientific Phenomena Group, is part of the Air Sciences Division of the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Deputy for Science and Components. The project monitor is Captain Gregory and a small staff. However, as the Air Sciences Division consists primarily of scientists, such as Major Best, their services, as well as those of the engineering specialists throughout the Center, are available to the UFO project. The prime UFO scientist-consultant is Dr. Hynek, who is Professor of Astrophysics and Astronomy, Ohio State University, Secretary of the American Astronomical Society, and Director of the IGY Satellite Tracking Program. We are fortunate to have him. Other scientific personnel, outside the Air Force, are utilized on an "as needed" basis.

15. During the last two years, an increase in UFO reports has been noted. Paralleling this increase there has been a great increase in the number of private UFO organizations, books, motion pictures, and TV presentations on the subject. The advent of Sputnik undoubtedly contributed.

16. Two years or so ago, there was only a handful of these self-appointed research organizations dedicated to investigation and analysis of UFO's. As of this date, there are more than fifty such organizations.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

As requested, here is the text from the document:

17. In early 1955, five books written on "Flying saucers" were published. To date, over 30 have been published and have received wide circulation here and abroad.

18. Up to now, six motion pictures in circulation having "flying saucers" as their theme have been produced. One such motion picture was released in May 1956 and is still receiving some publicity. The main plot of this movie is centered around two colored film strips of so-called "flying saucers." These film strips were previously submitted to the Air Force for examination, and consist primarily of moving spots of light against a blue sky. Our conclusions were that the objects in one film were aircraft and in the other, see galls. These conclusions were corroborated by an independent study made by the research organization of an aircraft manufacturer of very high standing, as well as by the CIA scientific panel which I previously mentioned.

19. With very few exceptions, both these self-appointed organizations and the books published, have been highly critical of the Air Force's handling of the UFO matter. They all exhibit a tendency to misconstrue and exaggerate.

- page 9 -

I do not see any photograph or image present in this document page. The page appears to contain typewritten text that discusses matters related to the Air Force and UFO project officials.

desire to embarrass the Air Force. A number of these private organizations have written directly to President Eisenhower, to General White, to the Secretary of Defense and to important members of the Legislative Branch of Congress, requesting or demanding hearings, briefings, or discussions with UFO project officials.

20. We have written detailed letters to Senator Knowland, Senator Byrd, Senator Cains, and Representative Moss, Representative Henderson, Tollefson, to name a few, regarding aspects of the UFO program, which have been brought to their attention by so-called "UFO specialists."

21. Although these UFO organizations include sincere, well-meaning members, our experience in discussions with sponsors of such organizations has shown that any Air Force explanations or statements are either totally unacceptable or are met, at the least, with calculated skepticism. Our explanations and statements are either misinterpreted, misquoted, exaggerated or used out of context, all to the detriment of the Air Force in general, and the ACSI in particular.
I think we would be more impressed by all this were it not so profitable.

22. A few words are necessary, I think, on the extent and character of the public participation in the UFO program. The subject has seized

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO PROGRAM

A brief history of the Unidentified Flying Object program would, I think, help you to understand some of its problems and determine its status.

2. The program started in 1947 when on 27 June of that year a private civilian flyer named Kenneth Arnold sighted what looked to him like several disc shaped objects near Mt. Rainier in the state of Washington. He described them as "flying saucers", a term that was forceably and with much sensationalism brought to the public's attention by the press. As a result, the Air Force was given the responsibility of investigating and analyzing such phenomena. This project was called "Project SIGN".

3. From this date, June 1947, to February 1949 when the name of the program was changed to "Project GRUDGE", approximately 375 UFO reports were collected and analyzed. In August 1949, a report on the results was submitted to the authorities. The proportion of sightings which could not be explained, in other words "unknowns", for this period was approximately 20%. It was concluded that these unknowns were due primarily to:

Hearing they are real - convincing reality
Committee of competent scientists to control analysis
Recommendations to the President and the Congress that scientifically trained personnel be assigned to the program

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

MEMORANDUM FOR THE UNDER SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE
SUBJECT: Air Force Briefing for the Subcommittee on Space Exploration on Unidentified Flying Objects

1. At a briefing conducted by the Subcommittee on Space Exploration on 5 August 1958, a briefing at 1400 hours, 5 August 1958, was presented to members of the Subcommittee on Air Force activities in the field of procedures used in handling and analyzing reports of unidentified flying objects. This presentation was made by Major H. J. Brower, Scientific Advisor, Air Technical Intelligence Center, who presented a brief history of the Air Force actions in this field, procedures used in handling and classifying such reports, and statistical data on the number of "unknown" objects as compared to the total reported observations.

2. The Subcommittee was advised of the extensive efforts of the Air Force to apply all possible scientific methods of analysis and how this approach has reduced the number of "unknowns" to approximately 2.5 percent of the total observations. It was also stressed that the Air Force intends to continue its intensive efforts to solve the remaining "unknowns" and welcomes the full cooperation and assistance of civilian research and scientific organizations engaged in UFO activities, and spectacular news reporting has caused the greatest problems in this field. The Subcommittee members seemed to be definitely pleased with the Air Force approach to this problem and were unanimously impressed that the Air Force was making every effort to solve this problem.

3. Mr. Fowler and Captain Gregory presented a very well prepared briefing to the Subcommittee and were highly commended for their efforts at the briefing. The Subcommittee members seemed to be definitely pleased with the Air Force approach to this problem and were unanimously impressed that the Air Force was making every effort to solve this problem.

SAFLL-3

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

First, the interpretation of conventional objects such as aircraft, balloons, astronomical bodies, and atmospheric phenomena, radar malfunctions and anomalies, etc. are categorized.

Second, residual war nerves, mass suggestion and hysteria (Orson Welles cases) are mentioned.

Third, hoaxes and publicity seeking are discussed.

Fourth, the actions of psychopathic persons are mentioned.

The text then states that in December 1949, these findings were released to the public by the Department of Defense and were given wide publicity by the press.

From February 1949 to mid-1951, the project was carried on a low priority basis due to the economy policy of that time. However, in late 1951, renewed public interest and an increase in the number of sightings were reported. This increase in activity was due to the emphasis placed on UFOs by the press and publicity, and possibly due to the Ground Observer Corps program. In the summer of 1951, the project was again reviewed and "Project BLUE BOOK" established to handle the increased activity.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document discussing the history and background of the UFO program known as Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

replace "Project GRUDGE".

6. The peak year of the UFO program was 1952 when an average of over 100 reports per month was received. This compares with 10 per month for 1951. The publicity fanfare given to the UFO controversy by the press, publishers, writers and others, reached a high pitch during 1952 and developed a tendency on the part of the public to question the Air Force's handling of the alleged "menace" presented by flying saucers. This came to a climax in late July 1952 during the much publicized Washington Flying Saucer sightings which purported to show flying saucers over the Capitol, but which were in reality blips on radar scopes created by quite unusual atmospheric conditions. As a result of this, General Samford (the then Director of Intelligence) a few days after the sighting held a press conference which was televised nationally. His explanation and assurance that the UFO phenomena seen were not of interplanetary origin and did not constitute a threat to the United States were not only accepted with skepticism but were in fact totally rejected by a large number of writers, so called UFO experts.

7. Following this, General Samford asked the CIA to set up a panel of scientists to review the UFO program and the Air Force's handling of the situation.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s.

Text from the document:

8. This panel was formed; it consisted of sixteen of the most distinguished scientists and authorities in the fields of physics, radar, geophysics, atomic energy, astronomy, rockets, guided missiles, scientific and technical intelligence, propulsion and photo interpretation, in the country. Their conclusions were that UFO's (a) held no direct physical threat; (b) were not foreign developments capable of hostile acts on the United States; and (c) were not unknown phenomena requiring the revision of current scientific concepts.

Their recommendations were:
a. First, that the UFO program be de-emphasized because it interfered with the normal operation and mission of many governmental services and agencies, particularly the Air Defense Command, which was compelled to use its radar, communications, air intercept and other units in investigating the overwhelming number of sightings brought to its attention. All to the detriment of its normal mission.
b. Second, that every effort be made to strip the UFO program of its air of mystery in the mind of the public, with the view of restoring the public's confidence in the Air Force and relieving the public of quite unwarranted anxiety.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains text discussing the correlation between the type of treatment given to UFO sightings by the press and publishers, and the number of reports received. It also includes a chart labeled "CHART 1 - Frequency of UFO Reports" which illustrates the effect of the conservative, scientific approach of Life and Look magazines on UFO reports, in contrast to the newspapers' treatment of the Washington Radar "Flying Saucer" incidents and General Samford's press conference. The text also discusses procedures adopted under Project Blue Book to improve investigation and analysis of UFO sightings and decrease the percentage of unsolved sightings.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

9. The correlation which exists between the type of treatment given the UFO matter by press and publishers, and the number of reports received, is important and is shown by this chart.

CHART 1 - Frequency of UFO Reports

This chart illustrates the effect of the conservative, scientific approach of Life and Look magazines on UFO reports for that period, in contrast to the newspapers' treatment of the Washington Radar "Flying Saucer" incidents and General Samford's press conference. The New Yorker's "middle-of-the-road" treatment and its effect on sightings is also interesting to note.

10. Under Project BLUE BOOK, it became apparent that if reporting, investigation and analysis procedures were improved, the percentage of unsolved sightings would decrease. Accordingly, the following procedures were adopted:

First, the 1602d Air Intelligence Services Squadron (Headquarters, Air Defense Command) (now 1006th) was directed to carry out all field investigations and preliminary evaluations of UFO sightings. This organization has units deployed throughout the U.S., and they are so highly mobile that they can arrive "on the spot" within a very short time after a UFO report is received. This procedure was adopted in order to improve the percentage of solvable cases.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text.

supplies the most important of all factors -- timeliness, and leaves the Air Technical Intelligence Center free to perform final analysis and evaluation.

Second, the issuance of a special directive (Air Force Regulation 200-2) which spells out details and responsibilities of Air Technical Intelligence Center, Air Defense Command and other Air Force units reporting investigation and analysis of UFO sightings. Combining spectrographic and stereo devices.

Third, the use of a special camera known as "videon camera". This breaks down the light received from any object into its component, thus permitting the determination of the elements of which the object is composed. Seventy-five of these cameras were placed in radar stations and control towers throughout the U.S.

Fourth, the submission of all UFO data collected since 1947 to scientists in and out of the Air Force to determine whether or not a trend or pattern existed to indicate the nature or existence of the so-called flying saucers. This program was handled by the Battelle Memorial Institute.

11. These four procedures resulted in the following:
The AISS units contributed to the decrease in the number of unknowns, approximately from 16% to 3%. Next, the new regulation.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old report document from Project Blue Book.

greatly improved reporting and it emphasized the importance of cooperation by all Air Force units. Next, the use of Videon cameras, while not wholly successful, due to the lack of operating personnel, produced no results to indicate anything but conventional airborne objects. Finally, the Battelle effort produced Project BLUE BOOK, Report No. 14 which in October 1955 was declassified by the Secretary of the Air Force and released in summary by the Department of Defense. This study, which covered 8 years of sightings concluded that: 

First, there is a total lack of evidence that these unknowns were inimical or hostile or a threat to the security of the country.

Second, there is a total lack of evidence that these unknowns were interplanetary space ships.

Third, there is a total lack of evidence that these unknowns represented technological developments or principles outside the range of our present-day scientific knowledge.

Fourth, there is a total lack of any physical or material evidence -- not a piece - scrap - or a minute fragment of these so-called "flying saucers" was ever found. It is our belief that if more immediate, detailed objective observational data could have been obtained on the "unknowns" most of these too,would have been satisfactorily explained.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing UFO statistics and evaluation from 1947 to 1956.

You may be interested in the rise and fall of UFO reports through the years, and to see the course of the unknowns which are obviously the prime concern of the Air Force.

CHART 2 - UFO Statistics for Calendar Year 1947 to recent past:
Note the peak year 1952 and subsequent decline.

CHART 3 - UFO Evaluation by Percentage 1955-1956:
On this chart we show the categories of our UFO evaluations, for example 1955 and 1956 by percentage. You will note that the group which includes hoaxes, psychopaths, etc., has been cut in half, and the "unknowns" from 3% to 2.2%. This has roughly held to the present. (The group marked "insufficient data" has regrettably risen from 7% to 9.9%, possibly because of increased sky watching activities - sale of telescopes have risen over 200% since Sputnik I)

It is apparent, as previously stated, that, as prompter investigation becomes possible, as more experience in UFO investigation and analysis procedures is gained, and as better utilization of the services of scientists is made, the percentage of "unknowns" decreases.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

1.4. At the present time, the UFO project organization, known as the "Aerial Phenomena Group," is part of the Air Sciences Division of the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Deputy for Science and Components. The project monitor is Captain Gregory and a small staff.

However, as the Air Sciences Division consists primarily of scientists, such as Major Best, their services, as well as those of the engineering specialists throughout the Center, are available to the UFO project.

The prime UFO scientist-consultant is Dr. Hynek, who is Professor of Astrophysics and Astronomy, Ohio State University, Secretary of the American Astronomical Society, and Director of the IGY Satellite Tracking Program. We are fortunate to have him. Other scientific personnel, outside the Air Force, are utilized on an "as needed" basis.

15. During the last two years, an increase in UFO reports has been noted. Paralleling this increase there has been a great increase in the number of private UFO organizations, books, motion pictures, and TV presentations on the subject. The advent of sputnik undoubtedly contributed.

16. Two years or so ago, there was only a handful of these self-appointed research organizations dedicated to investigation and analysis of UFO's. As of this date, there are more than fifty such organizations.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing the publication of "flying saucers" books and the production of motion pictures related to the topic. The text in the document has been provided as follows:

17. In early 1955, five books written on "Flying Saucers" were published. To date, over 30 have been published and have received wide circulation here and abroad.

18. Up to now, six motion pictures dealing with "flying saucers" as their theme have been produced. One such picture was released in May 1956 and is still receiving some publicity. The plot of this movie is centered around two colored balls in a story of so-called "flying saucers." These film strips were previously submitted to the Air Force for examination, and considered to be seriously of moving spots of light against a blue sky. Our conclusions were that the objects in the film were reflections and in the main, stars of high standing, as well as by the CIA scientific panel which I previously mentioned.

19. With very few exceptions, both these self-appointed organizations and the books published, have been highly critical of the Air Force's handling of the UFO matter. They believe that many observations involving flying objects have not been properly explained or evaluated.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It is a scanned page from a document that appears to be a report or memorandum related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

desire to embarrass the Air Force. A number of these private organizations have written directly to President Eisenhower, to General White, to the Secretary of Defense and to important members of the Legislative Branch of Congress, requesting or demanding hearings, briefings, or discussions with UFO project officials.

20. We have written detailed letters to Senator Knowland, Senator Byrd, Senator Case, and Representative Hoey, Representative Henderson, Telatopia, to name a few, regarding aspects of the UFO program, which have been brought to their attention by so-called "UFO specialists."

21. Although these UFO organizations include sincere, well-meaning members, our experience in discussions with sponsors of such organizations has shown that any Air Force explanations or statements are either totally unacceptable or are met, at the least, with calculated skepticism. Our explanations and statements are either misinterpreted, misquoted, exaggerated or used out of context, all to the detriment of the Air Force in general, and the ACS/I in particular. I think we would be more impressed by all this were it not so unprofitable.

22. A few words are necessary, I think, on the extent and character of the public participation in the UFO program. The subject has seized the public imagination and has been surrounded by considerable sensationalism and speculation.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Obtaining evidence data for their files, which at a later date would be considered and analyzed. Utilized for the air force no further witnesses would be called by the sub-committee and that in view of the satisfactory answer in which the air force was dealing with this problem, it was his feeling that the committee would take no further interest in this matter.

Signed,

W. P. FISHER 
Major General, USAF
Director, Legislative Liaison

Copy to: 
SAFIS (Maj. Tacker)
SAFRD
SAFGC
AFCIN-4 (Maj. Byrnes)

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text.

the imagination of the public, and, accordingly, the enthusiasm
of the press. The unscrupulous have profited by it, and the
publicity seekers have pursued it. Some organizers of public
UFO groups have attempted to use membership in the GGQ or other
agencies as a means to endow their organizations with a quasi-
official character, thereby increasing their appeal to the public.
Some have actually obtained declassified reports from Air Force
sources and reproduced them for sale. The subject is a boon to
writer of sensational fiction or even popular science and the
producer of pseudo-scientific movies. Any controversy on the
subject is grist to their mill. It has become a subject for humor.
This if unfortunate, for it is no joke. It is costing the Government
a great deal of money; it is taking the time of valuable people,
time which can't be spared. It could even be a potential weapon
of psychological warfare, reducing as it does the confidence of the
public in the Air Force. There are many other aspects of the public
participation in the UFO program and, as far as the Air Force is
concerned, they are nearly all bad.

23. There are, therefore, two distinct parts to the UFO program.
The first is, of course, to improve operations with the object of
reducing the number of "unknowns" to as near zero as possible. The

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Warfare, resulting in it does the confidence of the public in the Air Force.
There are many other aspects of the public participation in the UFO program and, as far as the Air Force is concerned, they are a real bear.
23. There are, therefore, two distinct problems the UFO program.
The first is success, how to properly cope with the growing interest shown the public, particularly the news media, in the UFO program. The second is to cope with the growing problem of public participation in the program. We feel confident that the solution of the first will greatly help in solving the second. The first problem is wholly ours and is being so handled. The number of "unknowns" is being reduced steadily although as I said before it can never reach zero because of the fact that the reporting is invariably based on the impressions of individuals and are subject to human error based on controlled measurements. There appears to be little difference between the usefulness of reporting by qualified trained observers such as professional and pilots and that of lay observers.
24. The second problem involves matters of public relations, and the cooperation of the press, the education of the public, and of legal resources.
25. I will be glad to attempt to answer your questions.

- page 25 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum for record regarding "Hearings on Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)" that took place on August 8, 1958. The text of the memorandum is as follows:

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD
SUBJECT: Hearings on Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

1. On 8 August 1958, 1400 to 1600, AFCIN presented a briefing on the Air Force UFO program to the Subcommittee on Atmospheric Phenomena, House Select Committee on Astronautics and Space Exploration (Space Committee).

2. The AFCIN UFO briefing was presented, in response to a memorandum from the Director Legislative Liaison (AFLL) subject as above, dated 6 August 1958 (see attached memoranda).

3. Participating were:
Mr. Arcier, AFCIN-4X, principal witness
Capt Gregory, AFCIN-4R, witness  
Major Best, AFCIN-4E, technical consultant (geophysicist)
Major Byrne, AFCIN-4J, staff team chief
Major Brewer, SAPLL, Legislative Project Officer
Major Thacker, SAFIS, public relations consultant

4. In attendance were:
Representative McCormack, Chairman of Space Committee
Representative Ratcher, Chairman of Sub-committee (Dy. D)
Representative Sisk, Member, (Calif. D)
Representative Keating, Member, (N.Y. R)
Representative McDonough, Member (Calif. R)
Representative Metcalf, Member (Montana, D)
Dr. Shuition, Scientific Staff Member

5. Opening remarks by Representative McCormack made it clear that the Air Force UFO program was not under investigation, rather the Committee was interested in obtaining information.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a typed document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program for investigating UFO sightings.

The text of the document is as follows:

WAS SEEKING ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON UPPER SPACE THAT WOULD BE HELPFUL TO THE SUBCOMMITTEE CONDUCTING A CLOSED SECRET SESSION, UNRECORDED, NAMES OF WITNESSES TO BE HELD IN CONFIDENCE (THIS CANNOT BE OTHERWISE COMMUNICATED SINCE CONGRESS SESSIONS ARE NOT TO BE CONTROVERSIALLY PUBLICLY REFERENCED WITNESSES' STATEMENTS).
Air Force Astor chiefspokesman reviewed the ten year history of the UFO program and Captain Gregory gave a detailed explanation of the analyses and techniques employed by Air Force in evaluating UFO reports. In addition, delineation of responsibility for the UFO program in the Air Force, Air Force Public Relations, and attitude toward UFO organization, etc., were discussed. All questions asked were promptly and adequately answered. Throughout the hearings, the material was considered and the matter was the expression of confidence in the committee. Captain Gregory is to be especially commended for his performing his shore on related scientific data had great impact on the members.
The hearings, which began 7 August, will continue through the week of 11 - 15 August. Additional witnesses from public life will be called in, possibly Dr. Donald MENZEL, Investigative Committee on Aerial Phenomena, Captain RUPPELT, (Res.), former chief UFO Project Officer. AGAIN may be required to answer questions posed by public witnesses.
It is anticipated that AFCIN will benefit by the subject hearings. Due to approaching House elections, the committee members may produce a statement of More or confidence in the Air Force, assuring the public that the Air Force is not hiding any information on UFOs.

JAMES F. BYRNE
Major, USAF

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a former US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

SAFLL-3/Major Brower/m/7663/50922/6 August 1958
Pilot: 48-589-B AUG 6 1958

MEMORANDUM FOR THE ASSISTANT CHIEF OF STAFF, INTELLIGENCE
SUBJECT: Hearings on Unidentified Flying Objects

1. This memorandum is being written in accordance with the provisions of SAFLL-1.

2. Attached herewith is a copy of a memorandum addressed to the Under Secretary of the Air Force advising him of hearings by the Subcommittee on Unidentified Flying Objects. These hearings are scheduled for 15 August 1958. Attendance will be in executive session and the Subcommittee has specifically requested that no publicity be given to the hearings.

3. It is requested that your office assign an individual to serve as the "Case Chief" for matters pertaining to this subject, as required by paragraph 4a(2) of SAFLL-1-57. In this connection, Major James Brower, mentioned in the first paragraph, will be the SAFLL representative.

RAOUL F. BLIER
Colonel, USAF
Director, Legislative Liaison

Copy to:
SAFAO (Col. Lawrence Tacker)
SAFOO

SAFLL-3 SAFLL

- page 28 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a typed document. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

MEMORANDUM FOR THE UNDER SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE

SUBJECT: Hearings on Unidentified Flying Objects

1. As a result of the schedule hearings on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects by the Sub-committee on Atmospheric Phenomena of the House Select Committee on Astronautics and Space Exploration, will commence hearings on 7 August 1958 at 1000 hours on the subject of Unidentified Flying Objects. The Air Force has been requested to suggest witnesses who can testify on this subject.

2. The Air Force Technical Intelligence Center will conduct hearings for approximately three to four days during which time representatives of other governmental agencies who have an interest in this matter will be called to testify. These hearings will be strictly closed to the public and the committee has specifically requested that no publicity be given to the hearings.

3. I have asked Assistant Secretary Homer to assume substantive responsibility for the developments and presentation of the Air Force position in this matter to the Sub-committee.

W.P. FISHER
Colonel, USAF 
Director, Legislative Liaison

- page 29 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document discussing the history of the Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) program.

UFO PROGRAM

1. A brief history of the Unidentified Flying Object program would, I think, help you to understand some of its problems and determine its status.

2. The program started in 1947 when on 27 June of that year a private civilian flyer named Kenneth Arnold sighted what looked to him like several disc shaped objects near Mt. Rainier in the state of Washington. He described them as "flying saucers", a term that was forcefully and with much sensationalism brought to the public's attention by the press. As a result, the Air Force was given the responsibility of investigating and analyzing such phenomena. This project was called "Project SIGN".

3. From this date, June 1947, to February 1949 when the name of the program was changed to "Project GRUDGE", approximately 375 UFO reports were collected and analyzed. In August 1949, a report on the results was submitted to the authorities. The average proportion of sightings which could not be explained, in other words unaccounted for, for this period was approximately 20%. It was concluded that these unknowns were due primarily to:

- page 30 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed text document from Project Blue Book, likely an excerpt or summary of the project's activities and findings.

Text Extracted:

First, misinterpretation of conventional objects such as aircraft, balloons, astronomical bodies, also atmospheric phenomena, radar malfunctions and anomalies, etc.

Second, residual war nerves, mass suggestion and hysteria (Orson Welles case).

Third, hoaxes and publicity seeking.

Fourth, the actions of psychopathic persons.

4. In December 1949, these findings were released to the public by the Department of Defense and were given wide publicity by the press. 

5. From February 1949 to mid-1951 the project was carried on a low priority basis due to the economy policy of that time. However, in late 1951 renewed public interest and an increase in the number of sightings were reported. This increase in activity was due to the emphasis placed on UFO's by the press and publicity, and possibly due to the Ground Observer Corps program. In the summer of 1951 the project was again reviewed and "Project BLUE BOOK" established to handle UFO reports.

- page 31 -

