The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The image shows a blank space where a photograph may have been, but there is no photograph present in this particular page.

9 JANUARY 1956
MCCLELLA AFT 80-COMMITTEE MEETING

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASKMSHA*A)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum for the Director of Information Services from the Office of the Secretary of the Department of the Air Force in Washington, regarding the McClellan Subcommittee Statement Concerning the Handling of UFO Reports.

The text of the memorandum is as follows:

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION SERVICES
SUBJECT: McClellan Subcommittee Statement Concerning Handling of UFO Reports

1. Reference is made to your memorandum of 20 February 1959, subject as above.

2. The reason for the delay in my reply is that considerable exploratory work has been done with the Committee and the staff relative to your suggestion. However, the general attitude of the Committee is that while they feel that it is not necessary to invest further time and money in this area, plus the fact that the Air Force is conducting investigations, they will not make a release to this effect at this time.

3. In cases of this type, we have found that Congressional Committees are not prone to commit themselves in the way you suggest. Therefore, while the Committee's attitude now is that they are not going so far as to commit themselves publicly for it the situation should change at some future date they would not want to be accused of indicating that they had no further interest in the matter.

JOE W. KELLY
Major General, USAF
Director, Legislative Liaison

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text from the document:

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON
SUBJECT: McClellan Subcommittee Statement Concerning Air Force Handling of UFO Reports

1. Investigators for the McClellan Subcommittee (the Senate Committee on Investigating Government Operations) recently held informal discussions (January 1958) with us concerning the advisability of conducting public hearings on the Air Force's handling of UFO reports. The thrust of the subcommittee's concern was the alleged withholding of information on this subject. I am sure we convinced them that this was not the case, as they have since indicated there is no need for hearings on this subject.

In view of these findings, based upon their preliminary informal investigation, this office would like to assure the McClellan Subcommittee that the Air Force's position on unidentified flying objects and its policy of not withholding information on this subject from the public is proper and definite. The statement spelled out that the Air Force has a definite public information plan in effect concerning unidentified flying objects.

2. Request SAFLL review the possibility and/or feasibility of obtaining such a statement from the McClellan Subcommittee.

ARNO H. LUEHMAN
Director of Information Services

COMEBACK-SAFIS-3
READPR-SAFIS-1 
STAYBACK-SAFIS-3

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather it appears to be a scanned document or memorandum. The text in the document is as follows:

MEMORANDUM FOR DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION SERVICES, SAFH
SUBJECT: Congressional Public Hearings - Unidentified Flying Objects

Major Donald Keyhoe of the National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena has been indicating the existence of possible Congressional hearings regarding the operations of the Air Force's Unidentified Flying Objects Operations, to hold open hearings on the question of the existence of Unidentified Flying Objects.

2. In this regard investigators for the subcommittees contacted SAFH and a meeting was held on 31 January 1958 at 1000 hours in Mr. Horner's office on the Air Force's position regarding possible hearings. Members of this meeting were:

Mr. William Weitzen, Deputy for Research & Development Operations
Lt. Colonel William R. Kelso, SAFH 
Major Joseph E. Boland, SAFH
Major James F. Byrne, AFCIN
Major Lawrence J. Tacker, SAFIS
Mr. Donald O'Donnell, FBI (Committee Investigator)
Mr. Jack Healey, FBI (Committee Investigator)

3. The committee's investigators simply asked if the Air Force desired such hearings. Mr. Weitzen stated that he did not see the need for it but would cooperate in every way possible if the committee insisted. The discussion indicated that the committee would want's to wait until Mr. Horner returned but thought Mr. Horner would agree with his statement that we would cooperate in every way. The two investigators were invited to visit ATIC at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base for background information. They said they would do so if hearings developed.

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document.

SAFIS-3/Maj Tracker/jnd/71966/3 Red 58

4.  There will be a meeting of this group again this week when Mr. _________ returns and gives his views.

5.  Major Tacker pointed out during the discussions that OIS was providing the publicity at the present time on this subject at the request of AFOIN.  He stated we would continue to do so and discuss or provide with the congressional committee if hearings are held.

GLEN W. CLARK
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

- page 5 -

