The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 1-25-58
2. LOCATION: Levittown, New York
3. TIME: 7:30 a.m.
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D Was Reported G Photo
5. PHOTOS: G Yes    No
6. SOURCE: C Military
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 min.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 5
9. COURSE: Erratic
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: This object appeared on a photograph.
11. COMMENTS: Analysis of this film leads to no definite conclusions within the limits of the information available on this sighting. The object appears in another location on one of the frames in another location.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely an old UFO report.

Transcription of the text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. In a moving vehicle?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten response]

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) 
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to indicate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 a. From true North _________ degrees.
    b. From horizon _________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
    a. From true North _________ degrees.
    b. From horizon _________ degrees.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather contains sketches and illustrations. The first sketch shows a curved line with an "A" and "B" marked on it, and instructs the viewer to imagine that the object was above the horizon when first seen, and then below the horizon when last seen. The second sketch shows a larger landscape scene with an "A" and "B" marked to indicate the positions of the object when first and last seen. There is also a smaller inset sketch showing a more simplified version of the landscape.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to the smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the weather conditions and details of the reported UFO sighting.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick overcast, e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind, b. Slight breeze, c. Strong wind, d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold, b. Cool, c. Warm, d. Hot, e. Don't remember

35. Where and when did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day: Month: Year:

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF yes, how many? 
36.2 Please list their names and addresses.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Light in the sky, no explanation.

- page 4 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

The text in the image is as follows:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street, City, Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: ________
What is your present job? Assistant Manager of Radio Parts Sales
Age: 38 Sex: MALE
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. 8th Grade
b. High school 
c. College  (Type)
d. Post graduate
e. Other special training _________

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: __ Day __ Month __ Year

- page 5 -

The image contains a US Air Force Technical Information Sheet, but there is no photograph visible in this particular page. I will now proceed to produce the text found in the document:

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a brief description of the event that you observed. You may mention any past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in as clear and concise a manner as possible, using additional paper if these spaces are needed.

NAME
(Do Not Write In This Space)
CODE

On the evening of Sunday, Dec 14, 1958 I was taking photos of my family - - a night shot. About 8:55 p.m. as I was finishing exposing a frame, my attention was attracted to a bright light in the sky. I stopped taking pictures and watched the object. It appeared to be stationary at first, then began moving very slowly to the north. I called my wife and we both watched it for about a minute. It then picked up speed and took off at a very fast rate of speed, disappearing from sight. The object gave off a bright light, slightly reddish in color. It appeared round or oval in shape and about the size of a dinner plate at arm's length. There was no sound coming from the object. The night was clear and the stars were visible. The object moved without making any noise and seemed to move under its own power. I have had some experience taking night photos and this was definitely not any type of aircraft or known object I have ever seen before.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram on a page of an old document.

Project Blue Book: Levittown, New York
Page 10

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document page with the text "THIS CASE INCLUDES 1 NEGATIVE APPROX 4x5-in 1 PHOTO 3 3/4 x 3 3/4 in".

The text found in the document is:

THIS CASE INCLUDES
1 NEGATIVE APPROX 4x5-in
1 PHOTO 3 3/4 x 3 3/4 in

- page 8 -

The image contains a small black and white photograph in the center of the page. The photograph appears to show a building, possibly a church or other structure, at night. The text below the photograph states "14 DEC 1952 Levittown, New York".

OUTPUT:
14 DEC 1952 Levittown, New York

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the United States Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

HEADQUARTERS
2500TH AIR BASE GROUP
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
MITCHELL AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK

OP SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Sighted on 14 December 1953

TO: Commander
     Air Technical Intelligence Center
     Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
     Dayton, Ohio

1. Reference is made to message Base Ops MTL 234-12 from Commander 2500th Air Base Group in connection with UFO on 14 Dec 53 (514-Z) (the letter attached from Mr. ___ with the above referred message).

2. The attached letter from Mr. ___ with picture is also forwarded for your information and necessary action.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

Signature
Major, USAF
Administrative Officer

Enclosures:
1. Letter from Mr. [Redacted]
2. Letter from Mr. [Redacted], Levittown, N.Y.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter or report.

C.s. 
I believe this has been seen. This was reported to us as an unusual occurrence on the evening of Sept. 29, 1958. the object was observed by several residents of this area and reported to local authorities as an Unidentified Flying Object. The object was sighted approximately 10.30 p.m. and observed for about 15 minutes moving in a northerly direction at a low altitude. The object appeared to be round or oval in shape, emitting a bright light and seemed to hover at times. No sound was heard. The weather was clear at the time. Several residents were interviewed and provided similar descriptions of the object. This report is submitted for your information and appropriate action.

Sincerely,

- page 11 -

There is no photograph contained in this image. It appears to be a memo routing slip from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects. The text on the form states "In view of the possibility of inaccuracies or similar actions, further analysis of the photographs cannot be made unless more information is available. Please return this attached documentation to this office."

Transcription of the text in the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
ATTN OF  COORDINATION                INITIATE  
FILE                    INFORMATION
NECESSITY
PREPARE REPLY
SIGNATURE
FROM:  Capt. Tucker
EXHTS-j
REMARKS: In view of the possibility of inaccuracies or similar actions, further analysis of the photographs cannot be made unless more information is available. Please return this attached documentation to this office.
FIRST NAME AS INITIAL 
Francis L. Kelley 
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION 
A.E.P.A.C.A.
DATE 
6 Jan 59
TELEPHONE
G-3236

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter dated January 15, 1959 from the Department of the Air Force in Washington, D.C.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

15 January 1959

Dear Mr. ___,

Your letter of 13 December 1959 concerning a picture of an unidentified flying object taken as Levittown, New York, on 14 December 1959, has been referred to this office for reply.

Your letter contained information which should be considered and appended to the data to allow a more complete conclusion. Therefore, I am enclosing U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet which should be completed and returned to this office.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER 
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. ___
Levittown, New York

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which contains a questionnaire for collecting information about unidentified aerial phenomena that someone may have observed.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please be specific and accurate in your statements (you may use additional material). Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time zone:
3. Time zone: 
4. Where was the object?
5. Estimate how long you saw the object.
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 14 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF you saw the subject of NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? 
a. Yes
b. No
c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
a. A mile or more away (a distant car) 
b. Several blocks away
c. A block away
d. Several yards away
e. Other

11. Did the object: 
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change its brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

12. Did the object move behind something or anything, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: 
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Binoculars
d. Window glass
e. Telescope
f. Other

OCR Text Output:

8. IF you saw the subject of NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
a. Yes
b. No  
c. Don't remember
10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
a. A mile or more away (a distant car)
b. Several blocks away 
c. A block away
d. Several yards away
e. Other
11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change its brightness? 
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
12. Did the object move behind something or anything, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 
13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
14. Did the object appear:
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't Know
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses 
c. Binoculars
d. Window glass
e. Telescope
f. Other

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or form related to a UFO sighting report.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Bright
b. Color: Bright silver or aluminum with metallic like surface.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and occasionally exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Text written in the image]: Light had a swift motion & appeared to rise swiftly vertically

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well defined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

There is no photograph present in the image, only text that appears to be a form or report related to a UFO sighting.

OCR Output:
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Bright
b. Color: Bright silver or aluminum with metallic like surface.
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and occasionally exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Text written in the image]: Light had a swift motion & appeared to rise swiftly vertically
18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well defined
d. Don't remember
19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "D" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. Feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects, held in the hand and at about arm's length?
a. Head of a pin 		g. Silver dollar
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you would encounter the object that you saw. Of what type material would you say it was made? Of what shape? What color or colors? How large would you estimate it to be, and what details as to its construction or peculiarities as the object which you saw.

- page 17 -

