The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card that describes an unidentified flying object sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 23 JAN 54
3. REPORT GROUP: Local 19115 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Less than 1 min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Bright star-like object, moving in and out of clouds at high alt. 
11. COMMENTS: Suspected to be part of the F-100 series at high alt.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter or report from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

Dear Dr. Hynek:
Please figure the enclosed letter. I am willing to permit its being used as it was written to the and of the world, and must take it as the main PO. Q- original to send see - meaning Delamar. As more a successful type, few days ago that the she said she started a pattern night 2 days.
Attached find UFO report from a longer one we can see strangely. It was a non delusion intelligence report. He is saying some of the things we thought was merely curious to you because it makes no sense. We very likely to report if this seems to you of important or unimportant.
1) For strangeness it's strange. The story his of that he broken-
2) The stars and fighters on all were to his knowledge through the T.S.R. things but now the military denying it was something!
3) The size and gyrating of them far from like was. The letter is intelligent written, and made since what it's.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph or other visual element besides the handwritten text. As an OCR system, I will proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

Came to the end of the world, and mount tale of the main to to deny. I speared the dream an mail. I saw cold last 2 days ago that you bait as a vain and 2 days. do. are made to say that they are not a vain Under 2 days. 

Accident is a Ufo report from a danger As you see is necked on a affico twg non detective or the unn the stattod-nt of two non-detective s of worth a report at an station on a station have that such the said what the first the reason of the course. 

1) Fix sky Ufos 2) The said of the ufos of various color that fished out of the northwest, the south in east side ue are.

Why noted? We are used only male some to their people (And many are married say out all are married all are new bossless (Free Furance) and free marriage) see further under lean coat Our meeting ware but no hypo them in no it is in state No further this same.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a handwritten report or document.

report for your information re the ufo sightings of the u.s. in sept 1958 including that "sighting" sentry note
why i did - omitted for weddings, etc., and i see it to be apparently legitimate and remained ignorant ly obscured statements
i a report of the president of ths. for many times he see a strange in the sky
we bve been checking out the cause i psychologically and physically. maybe, the sames as given
by dr. j. hynek and him. this is dated oct 14 1958. the shape othe craft and size was very large 
and was extremely interesting and has no way estinguss the lights
as you requested, the study will continue ' and some return be made when we have additional information. 
please consider this classified until further notice. my best regards,

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photographs or images present in this document. The image shows a handwritten text that appears to be part of an official report or document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

"The article of 26 Feb mentions a sighting made by eight observers in Fort Worth, Texas on 24 February 1958 of two circular objects 50 to 75 feet in diameter, traveling at an estimated speed of 300 to 500 mph. The objects were brown in color and were under intelligent control. They made a sharp turn and then disappeared from view.

My conclusion of this sighting is a high-altitude research project vehicle of some kind. Your current (airfoil) problems indicate that you are very much concerned about such sightings. I have assembled some data which may be of interest. It shows many Air Research and Development Command (ARDC) contracts which I think would be of importance to you. The total contract figures amount to $36,000,000 (1949-1954 period) which was handled by the Air Research and Development Command. These indicate the heavy development of high-altitude research projects, aircraft and vehicles which may be the cause of many sightings. I would appreciate an acknowledgment of this report.

Sincerely yours,
D.G. Major"

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed letter from J. Allen Hynek of the Smithsonian Institution Astrophysical Observatory, addressed to Captain George T. Gregory of the Air Technical Intelligence Center, discussing various cases of unidentified objects that have been reported.

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
ASTROPHYSICAL OBSERVATORY

March 5, 1958

Capt. George T. Gregory
Air Technical Intelligence Center
P.O. Box 9703
Wright-Patterson AF Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain:

Lcdr has kindly typed out my illegible scrawl and also the material marked "WHITE". This is the case I called you up about on Sunday. This was a LARGE...

Case 2 - I am still working on this case. This a...

Case 3 - Goldberg - I have just received a let...

Case 4 - Huntsville, Alabama - This was clearly a meteor but I know it will be of interest to you and I will be in Huntsville next month and will make further inquiry there. However, it is quite safe to classify this as a meteor.

I hope this has been some help to you and I hope to see you in the not too distant future.

Cordially,
J. Allen Hynek

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
NEVER USE FOR APPEALS--SLL APPi OVALS, CONCURRENCES, OR SIMILAR ACTIONS

INITIALS CIRCULA-r

ORGANIZATION DATE COORDINATION

FILE

INFORMATION

NECESSARY
ACTION

NOTE AND
RETURN 
SEE ME

SIGNATURE

REMARKS
1. Put in an urgent case to Hqtrls. Replied that 1/53
case was closed - did not warrant further search.
Would like to have them look at this again.

2. Returned the original material that had been sent out 
earlier in the week to ATIC under cover letter.

3. All information has been furnished to the project by
the reporter. Nothing more is required at this time.

FROM P. Fontes HQ-USAF 4 6 59

ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION TELEPHONE

DD 723M 95 REPLACEMENT FOR DD FO RM 95, 1 APR 47, WHICH IS OBSOLETE. CM.! IQS9 . 0—51M

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document. There is no photograph present in this image, only handwritten text.

Steady airplane light.

Not altogether clear, but this is the gist of it. the witness report found that was well followed.

Called to Dr. Hynek, morning 7 March 5'0. call on Dr. delay with the info letter on do deliver it but Mr. Hynek and J. of it for handling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Here is the text from the document:

UFO Report from Attorney, Mr. ~~~~ for Fort Worth, Texas

BASIC DATA:
DATE:
TYPE:
SUBJECT: UFO Report from Attorney, Mr. ~~~~ for Fort Worth, Texas

OFFICE 	OUT 	IN	OFFICE	OUT	IN	OFFICE	OUT	IN	OFFICE	OUT	IN
DIN-1X				DIN-2X				DIN-3X				AFOIN-X

SAFIS-3, Attn: Major Tacker
FROM: AGIN-524

COMMENTS (Use reverse if necessary):

1. ATIC Comments and Conclusions:
a. Mr. ~~~~~ observed a strange light traveling from South to North. Contacting a member of academics, including the U.S. Air Force Academy of Sciences, suggest it may have been a satellite or a meteor. However, some consider this could be a UFO report.
b. Object not Sputnik. Going the wrong way.
c. Experts on moonwatch agree that under favorable conditions Sputnik can often be seen with the naked eye. Research instruments indicate only one satellite can be seen at a time and persons often misinterpret certain natural phenomena (e.g. satellites, aircraft, etc.) that may appear in the sky. From Mr. ~~~~~~'s letter, it appears he and his daughter were attempting to track Sputnik with the naked eye.
d. Dallas, Texas ADC Filter Center was contacted for a detailed survey of their records for that night in the Ft. Worth-Dallas-Abilene area. Their records indicate no unusual celestial or aerial observations were made during this time period.

Page 1

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Director of the U.S. "Moonwatch" teams was contacted for a check of his report. It indicates that although a number of moonwatch units were making observations on projectiles at that time, none observed any object in the area in question.

No reports from any U.S. astronomical observatory of any unusual occurrence or object in the area in question.

ATRE Conclusions: Probably a jet aircraft of the F-86 series at high altitude. The air force suddenly discontinued their air patrols in that area for reasons not divulged. A member of the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory concurs that the object was probably an aircraft.

2 Incls:
1. Ltr fm SAFIS
2. Cy "Moonwatch" Rept and Commnts.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document with handwritten text.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would:

Phone Memo for UFO Case File - #FR23jan58, Dallas, Texas
Long Distance telephone call to Dallas, Texas.
ADC - Air Filter Center made on afternoon, 10 March 1958 if anything
unusual observed on screens on GCC posts in that area, between 1900 - 1930
hrs, 23 Jan 58.
Info: given by NORAD Sgt Phone on basis
of careful check of GCC, airborne a/c and radar in area: NEGATIVE.
Nothing seen or reported...
G.T. Gregory
Capt, USAF
10 March 58

See ch,s -1 se trom attir
a see inpor tn anes of
tran lane ince re n a t

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a letter from the office of Edwin T. Phillips, Jr. addressed to Dr. Sehusted. The letter discusses various reports of unidentified flying objects and mentions that all other persons not required are considered witnesses and that the writer is providing copies of this letter to other interested parties.

OFFICE OF
EDWIN T. PHILLIPS, JR.
ATTORNEY AT LAW
FORT WORTH, TEXAS
FEBRUARY 27, 1953
COPY

Medical Arts Building 
Fort Worth, Texas

Dear Dr. Sehusted:

Reports of unidentified flying objects below to receive many articles in newspapers and magazines. I have received a supplemental memorandum of February 5, 1953 or subjects on which they are inquiring, and I conclude that they be of interest of the military agencies as stating the facts.

I like all other persons not required as witnesses these courses are conjecture as to the true nature and significance of the observations, as well as stating the facts.

I am willing furnishing copies of this letter to Dr. Sehusted for the information of you and other parties in interest. I will consider it a favor if you will confidentially advise me as to the identify of any others who I should include in this distribution, and if you wish copies mailed direct to them.

With best regards, I am,

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

17 March 1958

Dear Mr. [redacted],

THIS IS TO ACKNOWLEDGE YOUR LETTER OF 6 FEBRUARY 1959 CONCERNING AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT YOU SAW ON 23 JANUARY 1958 IN THE FORT WORTH, TEXAS AREA.

THE RECORDS OF THE U.S. HYRDROGRAPH TEAMS CHECKED ALL UNITS REFERENCED YOUR REPORT. NONE OBSERVED ANY OBJECT HEADING IN THE DIRECTION NOTED IN YOUR REPORT. THE OBJECT YOU DESCRIBED COULD NOT BE ONE OF THE SATELLITES IN ORBIT AT PRESENT. (SEE COPY OF ATTACHMENT MENTIONED.)

NO REPORTS WERE RECEIVED FROM ANY U.S. ASTRONOMICAL OBSERVATORY REGARDING AN UNUSUAL OCCURRENCE OR OBJECT IN THE AREA IN QUESTION. 

THE DALLAS, TEXAS ADC FILTER CENTER REPORTED NOTHING UNUSUAL OBSERVED IN THE SKY AT THAT TIME BY RADAR, AIRBORNE AIRCRAFT OR GROUND CONTROL UNITS IN THE FORT WORTH-DALLAS-ABILENE AREA.

THE AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER CONCLUDES THAT THE OBJECT WAS PROBABLY A JET AIRCRAFT OF THE F-100 SERIES AT HIGH ALTITUDES. JET AIRCRAFT SUDDENLY CUTTING THEIR AFTERBURNERS IN (OR OUT) WOULD GIVE THE APPEARANCE DESCRIBED IN THE REPORT.

SINCERELY,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
MAJOR, USAF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER
MISSILE INFORMATION DIVISION
OFFICE OF INFORMATION SERVICES

ATTACHMENT
MR. [REDACTED]
BUILDING
FORT WORTH 2, TEXAS

COMEBARC-SAPIC-3
RADAR-SAPIC-1
32AIRADG-SAPIC-3

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Reported Sightings at or near Jan. 21, 1958,
Okla. 15m. U.T.

STATION NAME  COORDINATES  TIME OF OBS (U.T.)  R.A & AZIMUTH  DEC.  DIRECTION OF TRAVEL  ANG. VEL.  MAG.  COLOR
Ft Worth,Texas  97.3 W  01 15  East  -+16°26'  ---- point of disappearance after traveling about 10° arc.  Appeared to merge with/a star Gamma Geminorum.
Tonkawa, Oklahoma  97 24 12 W  01 14 32  10156  A  S-SE  0.55/s, +1.2  X=-wh.
Hobart, N.W.  106 38 36 W  01 11 30  06 40 +++ +17 +++  N-S  +1 max, Whitish
Hilt, Kansas  97 14 41 W  01 14 25.0  05 52  +07.8  NNW-SSE  +1  White
Bridger, Masse.  71 07 16 W  01 16 32  229°  A 12  A  N-S  Faint 
Arlington, D.C.  77 12 30 W  01 15 23  22.36  A 29  A  NW-SE  *0/s, +2 tot6 Bl.-Wh.
Enid, Oklahoma  96 57 05 N  01 15 50  06 00  -20°30'  +3 to+7 Y=-O.
Alamagordo, N.M.  106 19 20 W  01 12 49  07 21  +21.8  NNW-SSE  0.2/s,+1 to+7 Whitish
Lorain, Ohio  01 27 19 W  01 15 20  02 14  -06°10'  NW-SE  0225/s,+1 to+7 Whitish

*** Items similar to first observation.

- page 14 -

This image does not contain any photographs, only text and data. As an optical character recognition (OCR) system, I will extract all the text found in the document:

Other observation fix near Gamma Geminorum. 

JAN. 23, 1958.
Cables:
By He 77.097 W 23 33 30 "o.6 Gamma plus 0.4 M3 Gemini" 
By 77 00.6 W 23 33 35 "Passed 20 right of Gamma Geminorum, 
actual point 06 32 +16 951" +2"
North Canton,Ohio 
053 041 031 81 27 19 W 23 32 59 06 42 +10'30" N-SE +1 to +7 White
Cleveland,Ohio 
052 042 052 81 49.7 W 23 32 21 06 28 +10 NW-SE 0275/a+1 to+8 Orange
Observations by other Moonwatch Stations. at this time all Eastern or Central, have various ones. 
U.S. and Dec., between 5 and 7 hours and between +53 and +19.
Note: This observation is the fifth in a series of eight.

- page 15 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or memorandum dated January 29, 1958, regarding an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) by a witness in Fort Worth, Texas. The text of the document is as follows:

MEMORANDUM
January 29, 1958
Fort Worth, Texas

As I head up with it may consider:

for Dennis G. Plumb. For residents of the city of Fort Worth, Texas in the United States. I am 25 years of age, an attorney at law and a lay student of March mechanics/aerodynamics. On Tuesday evening, January 28, 1958, at approximately 7:12 P.M. I walked into the yard at my residence at 3108 Birchman Avenue for the purpose of observing a scheduled passage of Sputnik II which according to the local newspapers were to pass over Fort Worth in a northwest to southeast direction, commencing at precisely 7:11 P.M. My five year old daughter Ruth Anne was with me at the time. While we did not have a luminous watch, I know our timing was approximately correct, as I had observed the local radio newscast at time was corrected with for the purpose of observing.

After several minutes of scanning the sky we were unable to locate Sputnik II and during this time I observed another strange object which I now know to have been a UFO. I did not have a luminous watch, I know our timing was approximately correct. As I observed this object it was correcting with radio newscast at 7:12 P.M. The object was traveling in a northwest to southeast direction at an extremely high rate of speed, but maintaining a constant lighted condition. After several minutes of observing the object, it appeared to slow down momentarily, then proceeded to make an abrupt 90 degree turn and reversed its course, traveling at the same high rate of speed as before. During the time I observed the object, it maintained a steady brilliant light condition. While I did not have a luminous watch, I know our timing was approximately correct, as I had observed the local radio newscast at time was corrected with the purpose of observing. The skies convinced me that we had missed the passage, even though the heavens were clear with all stars shining brightly. In this observation I want to report that I have concluded that the object I observed was not Sputnik II.

The local police department team had made the observation on schedule at 7:12 P.M. stating that Sputnik II was seen "just above" the horizon. Our observation was, I believe, made just a few minutes after the official observation and the object I observed was traveling in the opposite direction of the low western horizon, was somewhat slower in speed and much higher in the sky. I have concluded that the object I observed was not Sputnik II. We missed the earth satellite for this evening, and for the additional reason that the low western horizon was somewhat obscured and I have concluded that we missed the passage. 

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document that discusses an observation of Sputnik II.

uncertsinty in my mind about the angle at which Sputnik II would enter our visual horizon and about recent variations in time of passage which I did not fully understand.

At this point, which I approximate to be my best judgment as regards the time, I observed an object in the sky that immediately claimed my complete attention. I was standing with a friend called "Yulander Bell" (as I call her) about the fact that she usually has been the first to make the evening observations of Sputnik. I heard her remark that she was pointing upward in the same general direction of my observation.

I saw it at once and without thinking, I laughed, for the object was so very unlike any satellite I had ever observed. As this spile second there was no doubt in my mind but that I was witnessing Sputnik.

A very bright star-like object appeared in the skies at about 45 degrees angle from the horizon, being closer to Mars than Yenus in magnitude but absolutely distinct and observable. In the excitement of the next few seconds I did not reason that the object could not be Sputnik because of its location in the heavens, course or time of passage. I have observed Sputnik I and II on several occasions, both in the early mornings and early evenings, and this object observed in previous Sputnik sightings.
It was round, bright as neighboring stars, of their same color and intensity and did not fit the description of any other objects being observed in the heavens at a great distance in the heavens. It did not emit any other color than the pale white or blue-white of most stars, nor did it have any strange glows, unusual characteristics or other visible features.
Certainly there were no blinking lights or anything to indicate other than an actual star at this point. After bursting into view with the same dramatic entry which is characteristic of Sputnik sightings, this object began to move across the skies in a northerly or northeasterly direction and passed from my view.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. However, the text present in the document is as follows:

Somewhat on the ascendant, with the same slow, majestic sheep and regular motion of the Sputniks. It continued in its transit for only a comparatively short distance when it commenced to slow up and descend. It was circular, had a distinct double row or ring. As it either disappeared or merged in my line of vision with some haze, I was unperturbed and even excited, as I know are many people, by this sight. I descended for a short distance and the object "came back" and passed near my shoulders and caused that I felt it had "gone away". I even shoot my head at this point to assure my vision and found the object still dark then all I could see now was the star near which this object had vanished so abruptly. I observed this star in its fixed position for several minutes thereafter. It's position a definite point on the ground was about 20 degrees higher than I could observe it between the two cross-arms of the telephone pole which is on the east boundary of my property. All in order that this beautiful observation exceeded a minute in time, I realize that it was probably less. I will guess that the arc of transit was about 10 degrees. Others had been no "radar- scanned" before the object's light was consistent at all times, its disappearance as dramatic as its entry. As I wondered about this later in the evening, I deduced that once or twice to observe it to part to an upward direction, particularly because of the "Swelling up" of the object. After considered reflection, I could not do so in entirety for two reasons. I have no experience at dynamic sightings. I am convinced that I saw an object which appeared to me almost identical to Sputnik or Sputniks radio, which definitely moved in a normal traverse across the heavens, was circular, had a distinct double row or ring, and as it descended and "came back" temporarily as an amateur observer of the heavens, not being possessed of any professional skill, I do not.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

OCR output:

believe this object could have been a meteorite. I have observed the characteristics of the object and in my experience they have quickly through the heavens, ordinarily leaving a trail or disintegrating before disappearing. This object was any usual type of manned commercial or military aircraft, due to the color, shape and non-blinding of its light. While I have observed some aircraft with a reddish cloud with a flame-like light, the suddenness with which this object came into view while I was observing that part of the skies, the regularity of its brilliance, the lack of "trailing" and the nature of the disappearance lead me to discount the possibility of aircraft. I have rejected the possibility of weather balloon for similar reasons. The object did not erratically and the controlled and unidentified flight of the object is in news journals and on TV, with parentheses, strange colors, erratic motions, after-glow and the like. Conclusively, the object may have been a "traveling" phenomenon. I can account for the "flowing" pausing and surging with the nearby stars" only as an optical illusion based on the proximity of the stars. On Page 4 of this morning's Star-Telegram I observed an article detailed San Antonio, Texas, reporting that a Texas state highway patrolman driving 9 miles east of Hondo, Texas, had made an observation Thursday night of a flying object which traveled at a amazing speed. The description of his observation is consistent with my sighting and although I do not know, I feel confident his sighting was at approximately 7:35 p.m. 1959. The object appeared to be of no usual nature, therefore negating the possibility of aircraft. I believe the sightings were the same from points of observation over 300 miles apart, therefore negating the possibility of aircraft, weather balloons or optical illusions.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document or report.

This incident is of sufficient interest to me, and presumably to others, and I am writing to describe it as fully as I can remember.

Conceivably no corroboration of this observation will ever be found, but I am making this report in order that it may go on record for whatever value it may have.

This object was observed by my wife and me, and any reference to "I" or "me" in this report should be understood to include both of us, unless otherwise specified.

On the evening of January 22, at approximately 8:30 p.m., while on the Trinity University moon-watch team in San Antonio, sighting a "relatively very bright" object about 6,130 F.P.H. Tuesday evening January 22, which he speculated might be Sputnik II. The source given however was northeast to southwest, while the passage I observed was from south to north, somewhat to the west. I have not seen any public announcement of a launching of an American satellite.

I am willing to cooperate as a witness in this matter.

Fort Worth 4, Texas U.S.A.
- S.W.

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing text only.

SUPPLEMENTAL MEMORANDUM
February 4, 1959
Fort Worth, Texas

Due to the interruption of weather conditions which limited visibility and the presence of other matters, I was unable to identify the star referred to on Page 3 of my original memorandum dated January 29, 1959 until Monday, February 3. Thanks to the assistance of Mr. [REDACTED], who could not make a visual observation with me due to weather conditions but who noted the star from my description, I have now identified the star as being [REDACTED], which I believe to be about second degree of magnitude. This star is not in the Orion constellation and does not constitute the belt of "The Hunter" in the constellation Orion. If I project a line from the bottom of these three stars in Orion, as I look eastward into the northern horizon, it would intersect the constellation [REDACTED], which I understand is Alpha Geminorum, this line will intersect the gemini star which I fixed at 4 points roughly midway, somewhat closer to Castor than the middle in Orion but closer to point previously than "Castor".

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document dated January 29, 1958, containing a report from Denver, Colorado.

Report from Denver Moonwatch Team, for Denver, Colorado.

During an observing session last night, the team witnessed the unusual behavior of something which seemed to be a satellite. This object passed over the same course as the satellites but it moved in a different pattern, according to the report. The team was unable to make an accurate determination of how many satellites there were, and they were still passing over at the time of phoning. No special information that would help confirm, doubt, or explain this sighting could be determined. If we had any special information that would distinctly identify them, it would certainly be to our advantage to know.

- page 22 -

