The image appears to contain an old Project 10073 record card from Project Blue Book, but does not contain any discernible photograph. The text on the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
2. LOCATION
3. DATE/TIME GROUP
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
5. DURATION
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
9. COURSE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
While a blob-shaped spot appears on a photograph, this image was not yet fully developed. The spot was observed until after the photograph was taken, when this blob became visible. Source discerned that the big double vent window of the law building is in the exact center of the blob. When the window is looked at closely, it reflects the sun at the exact spot where the unexplained spot was standing when he took the picture.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, an official United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document reads:

I believe that the Boulder Library probably has a copy of my book, "Flying Saucers." If so, it might be interested in reading it.

Thanking you for your kindness in sending me the picture and again please accept my apologies for a tardy communication.

Sincerely yours,

Donald H. Menzel
Director

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten description of the contents of the case file. The text describes that the case includes one (1) 4"x5" negative and one (1) 7"x4" photograph, as well as eight (8) 8"x10" photographs.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

This case includes one (1) 4"x5" negative and one (1) 7"x4" photograph and eight (8) 8"x10" photographs.

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a photograph of a UFO that was captured on February 6, 1959 near Boulder, Colorado. The document describes the UFO as a "fine large UFO" that "inserted itself into a photograph" taken by a witness. The UFO is described as a "white, luminous, roughly spherical object" that was a "typical flying saucer". The document also mentions that civilian saucer investigators in the area procured a copy of the photograph and sent it to NICAP (National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena) for evaluation. The witness initially did not assume they had photographed an UFO, but later realized the object was not something they had seen before in the sky over Boulder. The document provides further details about the witness's observations and analysis of the photograph.

Here is the text from the document:

An unusually fine large UFO inserted itself into a photograph taken on February 6, 1959, near Boulder, Colorado. The witness had spent the afternoon climbing on Flagstaff Mountain and, about 5:00 p.m., snapped a picture of the town of Boulder, to the southwest. Although he had seen nothing unusual in the sky at the time, a small black blob that printed as a white, luminous, roughly spherical object,--a typical flying saucer.

Civilian saucer investigators in the area procured a copy of the photograph and sent it to NICAP for evaluation. The witness himself did not immediately assume that he had photographed an interplanetary spacecraft hovering over the city of Boulder; instead, he showed the picture to a friend who was well acquainted with the geography of Boulder and Flagstaff Mountain. Dr. Menzel suggested that the blob of light could have been produced by some type of reflection: "The sun appears to have been pretty low at the time. Is there, in the approximate position of the blob, some haze with a fairly large window that could have been reflecting the sun?" Based on this explanation, the witness at first disregarded the photograph.

Not until the first week of May, however, was the witness able to report his observation and make the necessary tests. Using a copy of the photograph, he then realized that the Law Building of the University of Colorado stood in the picture occupied by the UFO and that the big double window of the Law Building was at the exact center. In May no reflection appeared, but from calculations he found that the position of the February photograph, when open at just the right tilt, would reflect the sun's image to the exact spot of the Flagstaff Mountain from which he had taken the picture. The image of the sun which he took the picture. The image of the sun which he took the picture. The image of the sun which he took had appalently been overcxposed; therefore, the image had spread on the film to create the large UFO. To confirm the hypothesis, the witness tried overprinting the negative so that the entire picture came out practically black, and with successively longer exposures the size of the bright UFO diminished. As he got it down to the smallest size on the blackest print, he could see the fuzzy outline of a window [s].

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the text "Boulder, Colorado 6 February 1959" written at the top.

Boulder, Colorado  
6 February 1959

- page 5 -

The image appears to show a blurry, black and white photograph of what appears to be a landscape, with a bright area in the center that could be a light source or some sort of object in the sky. There does not appear to be any human faces or identifiable individuals in the image.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14
UNIDENTIFTED FLYING OBJECTS
SIGHTINGS IN THE UNITED STATES FROM JUNE 1947 TO DECEMBER 1952
PREPARED BY
PROJECT BLUE BOOK STAFF
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO
MARCH 1955

- page 6 -

The image in this document appears to show a sketch or drawing of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The sketch depicts an elongated, cigar-shaped object with some details indicated. There is no photographic evidence present in this particular document.

6 February 1959 Boulder, Colorado
Application

- page 7 -

The image provided appears to be a photograph of a snowy, mountainous landscape. The image shows a town or city nestled between the mountains, with a forest in the foreground. The image is black and white and seems to be a page from an old document.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, with the handwritten date "CFe-1959" written on it.

CFe-1959

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a photograph of a snowy, mountainous landscape. The image shows a wide, expansive scene with a forested area in the foreground and a mountainous backdrop in the distance. There is no human face or figure visible in the photograph.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to show a blank page with a handwritten date "C.B. 6-1954" at the bottom.

C.B. 6-1954

- page 11 -

This image does not contain any photographs, only a typed letter. As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

Dear Dr. Menzel:

I am very sorry to hear it will be so long before your letter will get to your attention. There has been some confusion, and I forgot to take the negatives, and I also took it over to the University Station and I asked that it be sent. However, there is a complication: it turns out that the camera lens is not in focus and the image is not too clear. So the prints, although I brought them to the Department and asked them to be developed, say there is a lot of double-take in the machine with which they made the prints. Also there are some lines through the prints, and may not be clear. So I am enclosing the photo of the peak and your letter, and I hope you can make them out.

As you may know did your appearance on the above "Today" program on March 15th so. Unfortunately, our TV set was out of order and we missed it. 

As regards the next-to-the-blackest print for your use, I hope it will be suitable for your normal use.

Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]

- page 12 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a snowy, mountainous landscape with a small town or city in the foreground. The town or city appears to be surrounded by trees and mountains, with a cloudy sky in the background. There is no human face or identification visible in the image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs or text. It appears to be a blank document or report page with the handwritten date "6 Feb 1959" in the bottom right corner.

- page 14 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or image of a cityscape or landscape. The image shows a view of a city or town with many buildings and structures visible, along with some trees in the foreground. The image has a grainy, textured appearance, likely due to the nature of the source material.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a blank page from a project blue book report document.

6 Feb 1959

- page 16 -

The image contains a black and white photograph that appears to be an aerial view of a snowy landscape, likely a mountainous area. The image shows a densely populated area or town in the foreground, surrounded by trees and mountains in the background. The image is classified as "UNCLASSIFIED" by the Foreign Technology Division of the USAF.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 17 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a blank or empty page with the handwritten date "6 FEB 1959" at the bottom.

BLANK

- page 18 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a snowy, mountainous landscape. The image shows a wide, expansive view of a snowy cityscape or town nestled in a valley, with a forested area in the foreground and mountainous terrain in the background. There are no identifiable human figures or faces present in the image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 19 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the date "6 feb 1959" handwritten in the bottom right corner.

OCR Output:

(none)

- page 20 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of a cityscape or urban landscape. The image shows a wide view of a densely populated city or town, with numerous buildings and structures visible. A forested area can be seen in the foreground, with some trees in the foreground of the image. The image has a grainy and high-contrast appearance, likely due to its age and the scanning process.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 21 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. The image shows a plain gray background with the text "6 Feb 1959" written at the bottom.

6 Feb 1959

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a letter dated June 14, 1960.

June 14, 1960

Mr. ____
Boulder, Colorado

Dear Mr. Johnson:

Thank you for the two photograph copies. I shall be interested in the microdensitoizeter records if Sacramento Peak is able to furnish them.

My TV appearance on "Today" did not go too well. Mr. Keyhoe showed the show and I had difficulty getting a word in edgewise. I felt rather disgusted about the whole thing. Incidentally, since Dave Garroway himself turned out to be something of a "believer" and joined with Mr. Keyhoe in attacking me.

Again many thanks for your interesting information.

Cordially yours, 

_____
Director

DHM/mara

- page 23 -

The image appears to be a photograph of a landscape, possibly a mountainous or forested area. There is no identifiable human face or figure in the image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page from an old document.

CASE FILE: 1959-02-9078951-Boulder-Colorado.pdf25.txt

- page 25 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a letter from the Harvard College Observatory in Cambridge, Massachusetts, dated June 14, 1960, addressed to Major Robert J. Friend at the Aeronautical Technical Intelligence Center at Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio. The letter mentions that the director of the observatory is sending copies of correspondence and a photograph related to a "flying saucer case" that the director's "arm-chair method completely solved".

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
CAMBRIDGE 38, MASSACHUSETTS 
June 14, 1960

Major Robert J. Friend
Aeronautical Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Dear Major Friend:

I think you might like to have for your records another flying saucer case, which my arm-chair method completely solved. I enclose herewith copies of the correspondence and a photograph.

Thanking you for your interest and encouragement,

I am,

Cordially yours,

[Redacted]
Director

DHM/mam
Encls:

- page 26 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

May 12, 1950

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Thank you for the entire photo and the latest slides picture of the man hitting a flying object. I have no comments on the photo since I am unable to identify anyone. I hope to do another motion picture, preferably with animation. We are really careful concerning the subject, as you understand.

It was, of course, extremely satisfying to know that your experience proved the correctness of my feeling that that lady. As for the size of the picture, there is no objection at all. The image of the reflected sun is extremely bright. It is perhaps understandable why at the time the negative appeared overexposed. We are going to have the negative enlarged to see what other details we can discover. However, if you wish to send a clearer print, we would be glad to receive it.

I am to be on television, the program called "Today." The morning of May 16th has been set aside for me to appear. If I may show it. Any subject. Flying saucers. I shall be interviewed. I am anxious that they interview me as impersonally as possible, so that the public will get a square deal.

With best wishes, and looking forward to hearing from you again.

Cordially yours,
[redacted]
Director

- page 27 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). 

The text in the document is as follows:

Boulder, Colorado
7 May 1960

Dr. Donald H. Menzel
Harvard Observatory
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Dr. Menzel:

I would have answered you sooner on your letter about the flying saucer picture I sent you, but the weather has been so bad lately that I would have seen nothing. However, I was able to get this possibility to look over the photo.

Unfortunately, no more copies of the photo are available to send. It was impossible to find the negatives, and even to find some more copies of the photo which the picture was taken was impossible. Also, I see that the Ray Building is the location where the picture was taken. This building is located in Boulder, and now is different than in February when the picture was taken, but it could still be a little difficult to identify the correct position.

When the window is opened to just catch the right angle of the position of the photograph, this photograph cannot be taken the same as it was in February. Therefore, this reflection theory is very probably correct. Though I shall be curious why the reflection is such a large object. It seems to me that the picture was taken very late in the afternoon.

I am including in this package 5x7 enlargement of the whole area covered in the picture which may be more suitable for your new book. Yes, I would be delighted to have you use my photo.

I have had a 1950 sighting of a similar nature as such unusual natural phenomena as saucer pillar. Therefore, I am also enclosing a picture of this lighter. It was taken at about 14h 17 on the morning of February 25, 1960. When I first saw the pillar, it was gone and I was ready to snap the pillar. It was only 105' high. Therefore, I just took the picture but the shutter was just the same as it had been over a few seconds, the aperture was 1/300 s at f:3.5 on a Tri-x 35mm film. All of it suddenly faded quickly and was gone outside the frame.

There is almost no trace of it in the photo, but there was also a faint round ball of luminescence right below the pillar, becoming fainter from 25/28 to 35/40 cm. You may wonder about this phenomenon, but the negative is so flat it is wonderful that anything shows at all. The pillar seems a little bit above the darkness, and I am doubtful about that.

- page 28 -

This image does not contain any photographs, only text. As requested, I will now produce the text found in the document:

April 19, 1959

Mr. Boulder, Colorado

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I must apologize for not having written earlier in reply to your letter of March 23. I have, however, been traveling a great deal and only now getting around to more pressing matters.

I am very familiar with the details you are interested in. I am very curious as to all the details concerning the sighting. The sighters appear to be very reliable people. I would appreciate very much if you would be kind enough to furnish me with the first-hand information. From the sightings I have had referred to me, I would say that, in my opinion, the phenomena you describe appear also to be of an unusual nature. The shadow cast by the object, especially of the large barn on the right, gives us some idea of its tremendous size. The angle of the sun was in February, I believe, so that the shadow may have been considerably longer than it would appear now.

I should like to obtain any additional information and data which you may know. I am, as you understand, intensely interested in flying saucers. I would appreciate your cooperation in this matter. Please let me know if there is any other assistance I can render.

Sincerely yours,

- page 29 -

The image contains no photograph, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

the scale, I will be glad to send you a larger copy of this photo if 
you feel you can use it. Please let me know if you want any more
information.

Sincerely yours,

P.S: The black left corner of the 5x7 is apparently my finger!

- page 30 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text from the document is as follows:

Dr. Donald H. Menzel
26 Harvard College Observatory 
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Sir:

On February 6, 1959, while on Flagstaff Mt. a 7000' foothil NW of Boulder, I took what I thought would be a remarkable picture of a "flying saucer". It wasn't anything like my brother's Brownie Holiday, which is a small black blob under a considerable enlargement or a well-known cosmic ray reminiscent of a "flying saucer".

The enclosed picture is an enlargement from a small negative presumably from a normal commercial 1/2:2 speed filr. The development was normal commercial.

Absolutely nothing was seen in the area with the naked eye. The picture above others has no known explanation. I have gone to Washington to research up a copy of the Project Blue Book flight data - but they will not give any kind of explanation. I should be willing to offer an explanation, but I do not remember the weather conditions or anything of that sort. But I could find them out for you. I will send the original negative if you wish.

The picture was taken at about 5 P.M. and the directions of view is approximately southeast.

Yours truly,

- page 31 -

