The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 RECORD CARD from the Project Blue Book archive.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 3 Dec 59
2. LOCATION: Alpha, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local - 1945
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes - B No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Less than 10 sec.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Rapid, allow-white obj., pulsating, size of penny. No sound.
11. COMMENTS: Balloons could not have moved in NW at 30° view to the WSW at 40° view in T-33 at this time of the sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a form-style layout, where the observer is asked to provide information about an observed event.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size may be attached.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: [Redacted]

Despite his age, appears to be a competent observer. He reported what he saw and drew a sketch, which aided in the investigation. His mother's previous report probably gave him confidence to turn this into ATIC and did not appear to have any bias.

REPORT OF SUBJECT INVESTIGATION

Patterson Field Case

T-1012 at 1915. ALL S-101 returned. KC-135 landed at 1924. Four bright lights on its made it look like a Christmas tree unusual according to observer. The lights pointed toward the wings.

Contrast lighting the KC-135 which was dark blue, the landing lights apparently were on already. The undercarriage was visible enough to determine that there had been no dangling or trailing objects. 

There was no search by our investigators and the case will be closed until the results of 1/C handling and timing analysis are obtained. The observers answer to the USAF interviewer was that he had heard about the sighting "on the grapevine" before or after the ATIC sighting.

INTERIM SIGN Ops

Several falling stars noted. No WADD special projects tonight.

56th Fighter Squadron

[Redacted]

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. WEATHER SERVICE
Balloon released at 0410Z, headed toward north, then started circling around UD, then circled to the east and back, then headed north-west, was lost from sight at 1230Z, ranged between 15,000 and 24,000 feet, was followed for over 1 hour, velocity 8 - 15 kts.

AACS SQUADRON
No information
WRIGHT FIELD
No information 
Flight Test Division
No change on 3-12-52
GOC
No unusual reports. T-33 aircraft, lights made 113 then VFR to Patterson. Flew at time of UFO sightings, would prevent low altitude sightings of phenomena at Wright Field.

Submitted by:
George W. Lehmann Jr. 
1/Lt, USAF
3 Dec 1959

For further information, call [redacted]

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a diagram or sketch showing a 360-degree view of the horizon, likely used for mapping or tracking purposes. The diagram contains various labels and markings, such as directions (N, S, E, W), degrees, and some text at the top that appears to show "90° Zenith". There does not appear to be any photograph present in this particular page.

Text from the document:

90° Zenith
180°
S 
225
SW
270
W 
315
NW
360
N 
45
NE
90
E
135
SE

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena observed by individuals.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential. Your name and address will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? December, 1957
2. Time of day: 7:15 Hours (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Rover, Ohio
5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 30 Minutes Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of the above time estimate: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very certain d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire and various options for responding to questions about an observed unidentified object.

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car?) 
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes No Don't Know
c. Split into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off a smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Binoculars Yes No
c. Telescope Yes No
d. Windshield Yes No
e. Window glass Yes No
f. Other

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that contains a form or questionnaire for an observer to fill out regarding an unidentified object sighting.

a. Sound: Heard nothing except a slight "humming" which he said
b. Color: Not very bright - yellow-white color
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Look and include in your sketch any details, as the direction they were traveling, sizes relative to each other, and any other relevant information that will assist in picturing the event. Please use an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Round - no details
18. The shape of the object were:
(Circle One) (1) Circular (2) Fuzzy or blurred (3) Like a bright star (4) Sharply outline
19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? One only
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a systematic study of unidentified flying objects by the United States Air Force.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. Looked similar to Russian satellite, 20 ft/12 feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One): Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not vary sure 
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Started to pulsate on form indicated, became dimmer and disappeared out of sight.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which would have the same appearance as the object which you saw. Like a small ball except not shiny. Than appeared to be lit some form or fluorescence, no plane seen.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

Text transcribed from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. On the sea
f. Other _____

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other __________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Walking home. Noticed a lighted object over the house. Stopped and observed it.

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from "true north" and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North 340 degrees. b. From horizon 30 degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North 255 degrees. b. From horizon 42 degrees.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains two sketches/drawings. The first sketch shows a curved line with an "A" marker, and the object is shown at various heights above the horizon. The second sketch shows a larger scene with a person standing on a road, and a smaller inset sketch that appears to show a similar landscape.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you first saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing various form fields and handwritten responses.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, scattered clouds, c. Overcast, d. Thick or heavy clouds, e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind, b. Slight, c. Moderate, d. Strong wind, e. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Calm, b. Mild, c. Hot, d. Wet (rain), e. Moderate or heavy rain
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold, b. Cool, c. Warm, d. Hot, e. Don't remember
35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? Reported ASAP, next day
36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? (Circle One) No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Possible aerial vehicle. Might be some experimental aircraft, not a meteor or satellite. Saw it not a short while.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire filled out by an individual.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? Fisherman, Beaver Creek, Utah
Age 34 Sex M
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduates

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Completed 3 Dec 59 by 44, George
U.S. Fisherman, Jr.
Conservation Dept.

- page 12 -

