The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10973 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 12 MAY 59
2. LOCATION: Garden City, New York
3. DATE-TIME GROUP OF OBSERVATION: 12/2502Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 30 Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object was 20° or below, climbing erratically, irregular movement, color yellowish white or white, Occasional blinks of green light. Went 45° in 3 mins. Ten mins. later the object made a 90° level climb, no trail, tail, or exhaust.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon, Probably Balloon, Possibly Aircraft, Possibly Astronomical

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The image appears to be a typewritten letter describing an unidentified flying object observation.

Gentlemen:

At between about 5:40 and 5:50 P.M., E.S.T., on Thursday, November 12, 1959, while on my way home from Adelphia College, Garden City, Long Island, I saw what possibly have been an unidentified flying object. The circumstances were as follows: I was walking down Cambridge Avenue, a street which leads south from the campus of Adelphia College, and while along this course of a golf course which adjoins Adelphia's campus - this golf course being to the east of Cambridge Avenue - about two blocks from where I first saw the object, I noticed a bright light in the sky, west-northwest of where I was (between the two buildings accompanying the rough map), I stopped for a moment to admire the starry night sky (it was already dusk) and there - close behind and to the no for use, unfortunately I do not remember if there was any moon, but I think there was could have been that the object or craft northeasc. As I continued to watch, the object or craft norththeast. As I continued to watch, the object was moving, steadily and rather rapidly in its course an irregularly waxing and waning, never very bright and never completely extinguished - oscillating or pulsating, as it were, with a bright bluish or perhaps even faintly greenish, point of light, which I observed to be slowly and considerably climbing. I was not quite certain on this point - I saw a faint of a dark form behind it. I watched it for about three or four minutes until it climbed to a high altitude and was lost to sight in the haziness above. The object made no noise, so I could not be sure whether the unknown made any sound r, climbing steadily and seemingly coming from the direction of the unknown, a gain which nothing has come, and which other strange phenomena were observed, there was no odor, no materials or objects fell or emanated from it, so far as I could tell.

After watching a few minutes - during which, so far as I could tell, no one else beside the object - I continued on my way home. About ten or fifteen minutes later - I live only a few blocks from the place of the sighting - I arrived home, and before going in and took one more last look at the ENE sky. I still saw it, irregularly changing in intensity, perhaps 109 degrees or 45 above the horizon. I then went in, and saw no more.

Yours truly, 
[Redacted] Garden City South, N. Y.

P.S. I would appreciate it if I could know whether anybody else saw what I saw, and just what it was that I saw.

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a document with handwritten notes and an area that has been redacted or obscured. There is no visible photograph in this image.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Report No. MCXXI-62)

1. The reported slow movement of the object seen by Mr. rules out an aircraft or balloon. An astronomical plot was made and it was determined that the full moon was in the location reported for the object.

2. Due to the lateness of the report, a weather report for the area cannot be obtained. However, it is felt that the visual was looking at the moon through a haze layer which was not readily apparent.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
[Signature] 
SHERLIE G. JONES 
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

The text from the document has been faithfully transcribed.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, which was the official program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The letter is dated January 21, 1960 and is addressed to an individual whose name has been redacted. The letter states that the Air Force did not receive any other reports concerning the individual's sighting, and that the conclusion of the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center is that the individual was not looking at anything unusual through a haze layer. The letter is signed by Lawrence J. Tacker, Major, USAF, Public Information Division, Office of Information.

Here is the full text of the document:

21 January 1960

Dear Mr. ____,

This is to acknowledge your recent letter concerning an unidentified flying object sighting at Garden City, New York on 13 December 1959.

The Air Force did not receive any other reports concerning your sighting.

The conclusion of the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center is that you were not looking at anything unusual through a haze layer.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. ____
______ Road South
Garden City South, New York

Comebeck OT-24
Ranger OT-1

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Dear Airman:

1) I believe that it is important to unidentified objects.
Inasmuch as we have shown that the shall be done. We c 2) To try in some way to contact them.
3) To try to find out if they come in a visible manner, or affected as appear on radar, or observed on moon-light or star-light observations.

Yours truly,

- page 5 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on an unidentified flying object.

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATD: D-2

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: SAFOP-3 (Maj Tacker)

1. The attached letter was sent to ATIC by Mr. [redacted], Hempstead Road South, Garden City South, N.Y.

2. Suggest that this letter be turned over to those persons who feel it is their duty to make certain suggestions to the Air Force.

3. Suggest that [redacted] be informed that the Air Force has no material evidence to indicate that he saw the object he reported. If there were some advanced race from another planet signaling into space to further our knowledge, if there were some advanced race from another planet signaling into space to further our knowledge, it would seem those signals would have been intercepted and some attempts made to contact them.

4. It should be pointed out to [redacted] that our investigators are obligated to collect as much scientific information as possible when investigating reports of unidentified aerial phenomena. No data would be withheld from investigation that would reveal any evidence of an increase of radiation or any unusual electrical or magnetic disturbance.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS 
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

- page 6 -

