The shared image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book files, which documents a UFO sighting in Berlin, Germany.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 21 DEC 57
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2155Z
5. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 SECS
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Detailed sighting of
radar observation from German National requesting
information as to correct identification/report in
newspaper articles.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force investigation of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs). The text below is the output of an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system reading the contents of the document:

TO
the military office of Defense,
Washington, D.C.
Gentlemen, the celestial appearance.

I was waiting in the "Warehouse" Ahead of the 12.12.60 a 11.47, waiting. That your military office of Defense has observed an celestial body of unusual appearance, a strange object, entering in our atmosphere.

For compare with your observation I send you a little sketch about an appearance I watched by accident.

Now the facts:
The observation takes place at the 21.b.d 23.-- in Berlin-Dahlem, Grunewaldstrasse 12-13 (52 53/26) I was just a coming at the gate, when I saw a celestial body, coming from the West and going the East, at the rate, when I saw the celestial body, about 1 mile away. The object was roundisch, about 8-10 meter in diameter, with a diameter on the tail, which was visible flaring red some-like a tail. The body was a brilliant white, ball with a diameter of 0.1 - 0.15 m much greater than the tail. The light from the ground was brightly reflecting on the surface. The observation lasted not more than 2 seconds.
The light from the ground was mainly 30 - 40 times above my head a red the constellation of the "greater Bear" and reflecting and disappeared near the "Aries". And disappeared near the "Aries". It did not made no noise. 

Afterwards I call to the authorities, Berlin, Bundesgrenzschutz and made a report for my own remembrance. You receive it as a little bit enlarged to make all details to be sure. 

It is possible give an answer if my observation is an new or unusual appearance.

Excuse my funny style and the mistakes.

Respectfully

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Air Technical Intelligence Center of the United States Air Force, discussing a UFO sighting.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

APGEN-1-52

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: SAFOI-3c (Maj Tacker)

1. The ATIC files fail to indicate any report of the UFO sighting for 21 December 1959, referenced in your letter.

2. From the description given by the witness, the object observed by her was very probably a meteor.

3. Due to the fact that ATIC files do not reveal a case for 21 December 1959, we are unable to make correction between her and the only other report received.

4. The address of the witness is as follows:
Miss [REDACTED]
Berlin [REDACTED]

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[SIGNATURE]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Text from the document:

23 March 1960

Dear Miss _________,

This is to acknowledge your letter of 13 February 1960 concerning an unidentified flying object sighting. 

Since your description of the objects you saw, it was probably a meteor.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Miss ________
Psychotherapeutin
Berlin, Germany

- page 4 -

