The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card with information about a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

1. DATE: 18 Jan 60
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1525
4. TYPE: Ground-Visual
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: not given
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Newspaper reporter asked about sighting and enclosed clipping. He saw an object which was sighted by many witnesses over La Crosse, Wisconsin, which was described as a flash of light flying at a high rate of speed.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon - Probably Balloon
Was Aircraft - Possibly Aircraft 
Was Astronomical - Meteor 
Insufficient Data for Evaluation - Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from The La Crosse Tribune Co. newspaper to the United States Air Force headquarters in Washington, D.C., dated January 26, 1959.

The text of the letter is as follows:

Headquarters: 
United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sir:

This report is a little late but I hope you will be interested enough to help us out. The enclosed clipping will explain what I am after. Is it just another in a series of reports you are compelled, due to lack of information or release, to add to the heap? Or is there some light you can possible shed here? Any help you can give will be appreciated.

Yours very truly,

[REDACTED]
encl: news clipping

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

19 February 1959

This is to acknowledge your letter of 26 January 1959 concerning the sighting of an unidentified flying object seen over La Crosse, Wisconsin, on 19 January 1959. 

A thorough search of our records indicates this particular sighting was not reported to the Air Force.

A check with Air Force radar and weather stations in the area failed to disclose any vehicle or balloon in the area at the time which would cause the effects described in the news article.

The fact that civil Aeronautics Administration personnel and local airport officials saw nothing unusual is also considered significant.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

The La Crosse Tribune Company
Fourth and Cass Streets
La Crosse, Wisconsin

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper article with the headline "Fiery, Fast-Flying Object Seen In Sky" and details about sightings of a bright flash of light in the sky over West Salem and La Crosse, Wisconsin.

NO EXPLANATION

Fiery, Fast-Flying
Object Seen In Sky

West Salem and La Crosse residents definitely reported seeing a fiery object in the sky yesterday, but as far as the U.S. Air Force is concerned, there is no explanation.

According to the United States Weather Bureau facilities at La Crosse, several persons called at about 5:30 p.m. to report the incident. Willard Novotny, CAA official, said the objects had no sound as they passed over La Crosse.

John Henrich, reporter for the La Crosse Tribune, said he saw "two bright saucer-shaped objects," one of which appeared to drop something about 6-7 feet wide, which flashed across the sky for several seconds until it disappeared. The objects, he said, were traveling at a tremendous speed, higher than jet planes usually fly.

The incident was also reported at West Salem, where several persons said they saw a bright flash of light about 6:25 p.m. traveling from east to west.

The officials personally stated they had received no reports of any known aircraft in this area Sunday until 7:30 a.m.

The sightings were from 5:30 to 6:25 p.m. and the officials said they are discontinuing the investigation as a hoax is suspected.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a memo routing slip from Project Blue Book. The key details are:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
Major L. J. Tacker
SAPFS-3 OSAF
According to the records, there is no information about any incidents, sightings, or vehicles in the area that would cause any unusual concern. The local airport officials saw nothing unusual.
FROM NAME OR TITLE: Ted Hisett
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: APTO-XC3
DATE: 2 FEB 59

- page 5 -

