The provided image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a Project 10073 Record Card that is used to document a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 20/2130Z 20 Aug 60
5. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Saucer-shaped light, vertical in form, larger than the moon, very bright. Observed for 20 min. No trail, no sound.
12. CONCLUSIONS: D. Was Balloon
Other: Insufficient data for evaluation

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting the sighting of unidentified flying objects.

HEADQUARTERS
NEW YORK AIR DEFENSE SECTOR
United States Air Force
McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: OIN

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Air Technical Intelligence Center 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. The following report of unidentified flying objects is submitted for consideration and required action:

a. Description of objects:
(1) Shape: elongated light, vertical in form.
(2) Size: Larger than any star in the vicinity. Observer stated that it was the size of a basketball at first, then diminished in size to a pea at arm's length before disappearing.
(3) Color: Star-like in color with a bluish-green around the perimeter changing to light orange at the center.
(4) Number: Originally one, changing to five objects which seemed to merge as they disappeared.
(5) Formation: No particular formation. Five objects were grouped roughly in a circle.
(6) Features or details: None.
(7) Trail, trail, or exhaust: None.
(8) Sound: None.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: None.

b. Description of course of objects:
(1) Unusual brilliance and shape of light first called it to attention of observers.
(2) Low on horizon to southeast of observer.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, containing text describing a UFO sighting report.

(3) Northeast of observer higher than when first observed.
(4) Objects traveled 2 or 3 points for a short time, then return to original course. Object did this approximately 8 to 10 times in the first 25 minutes of observation.
(5) Objects disappeared gradually to the northeast, with the five objects appearing to merge before finally disappearing.
(6) (50 minutes.)
e. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground-visual.
(2) No optical aids used.
(3) N/A
d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) 20/00/52 August. / 1?98
(2) Night.
e. Location of observer: Trenton, New Jersey;
f. Identification information on observer:
(1) Civilian; occupation is contractor-builder.
(2) Observer was at one time an engineer in P-24 aircraft, and served with the 2d Electronic Experimental Squadron.
g. Weather and winds aloft condition at time and place of sighting:
(1) Night, clear, no douds, full moon, good visibility.
(2) 6000 - 330/16 
10000 - 030/16
16000 - 360/15
20000 - 330/15
30000 - 010/21
50000 - 320/28

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

(3) Ceiling unlimited, clear skies.
(4) Visibility 12 miles.
(5) Cloud cover - 1/10 cirrus. 
(6) No thunderstorms in the area.
h. No unusual activity which might account for the sighting.
i. Section Chief Director, Newark Air Force Depot, had to decline whether they could correlate the sighting with a radar return. Negative results. No intercept action taken.
j. Considerable commercial air traffic in this area at all times.
1. Negative - delayed because the observer, departed on vacation shortly after reporting the sighting, and we were unable to contact him until his return.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
Karl W. Fischer
Lt Lt USAF
Asst. Dir. of Admin. Services

- page 4 -

The shared image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from the Air Technical Intelligence Center of the United States Air Force regarding a UFO report. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFOTN-4426

SUBJECT: UFO Report 

TO: Headquarters, New York Air Defense Sector
ATTN: ADNA - OIN
McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey

1. Reference your letter, dated 10 September 1959, subject: "Report of Unidentified Flying Objects". The source states objects traveled two or three minutes, apparently to the north. More than 50 degrees for a short time, eight to ten times in the first 25 minutes. What type of turn did the objects perform? What was the elevation of the objects above the surrounding terrain? Was the object observed continuously without a break for the full 50 minutes? In what part of Trenton was source located?

2. Request any other pertinent information relative to this sighting, not already reported, be included in your report.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

NICHOLAS FOST
Actg. Deputy for Sciences 
and Components

18 SEP 1959

- page 5 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Lt, Air Tech Intel Center (AFCIN-48K6), 18 Sep 59, "UFO Report"
1st Ind (OIN)
HQ New York ADS, McGuire AFB, NJ
TO: Air Technical Intelligence Center (AFCIN-48K6), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
1. Reference questions in paragraph 1 of basic letter, the following information is submitted:
a. Objects performed abrupt ninety degree change in direction. Observer cannot recall sequence or direction of each turn.
b. Objects described as being low on the horizon when first observed, and as disappearing into the northeast, also low towards the horizon. Observer estimated the altitude of the object as being approximately 50,000 feet but had no firm basis for this estimate.
c. Except for a short period of time when the observer was placing a call to this headquarters, he observed the object continuously for 30 minutes. He placed the call after observing the object for 25 minutes.
d. Observer is located in the northern part of Trenton.
2. All available information was forwarded with the original report. Respectfully suggest that direct contact with the observer for any additional information is required.
FOR THE COMMANDER:
/s/ Earl W. Flacher
Lt. Col., USAF
Asst. Dir. of Admin. Services

- page 6 -

