The image from the document does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or record card. Here is the text from the document:

```
PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE                2. LOCATION                   12. CONCLUSIONS
   28 Jul 59              Corpus Christi, Texas          0 Was Balloon
                                                        0 Was Probably Balloon
3. DATE-TIME GROUP     4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION          0 Possibly Balloon
   Local                   0 Ground-Visual              0 Was Aircraft
   _not stated_            0 Ground-Radar               0 Possibly Aircraft
                        0 Air-Visual                   0 Was Astronomical
5. PHOTOS              0 Air-Intercept Radar           0 Possibly Astronomical
   Yes                                                      
                        6. SOURCE                      0 Other
                           Civilian                    _ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
 7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION  8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS         9. COURSE
   not given                   1                         Unknown
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
    Dr Hynek was at Pasadena & observed __ frames _ received for analysis.
    films of purported UFO taken by                    Case—carried as insufficient data.
    witness in Corpus Christi Texas whida
    photographing Venus. Image of obj
    was real & appeared on succeeding frames.
    Possible light on a/c according to
    Dr Hynek.
    See Film #3145-+453

    See in Special File.
  
Film
in Special File.
   
ATCC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)
```

- page 1 -

The page from the document does not contain any photographs.

Here is the OCR transcription of the text from the document:

---
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO
BOULDER, COLORADO

June 28, 1960

Major Robert Friend
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Aerial Phenomena Section
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

This note is to let you know I am happily ensconced here in Boulder and to bring a few points to your attention.

First, what is my contract number? I am afraid I left that information in Cambridge, and I will need it when I send in my next voucher.

I recently had a very interesting trip to Pasadena, and while there, by utter chance, I ran into the publisher of the now defunct magazine, 'Saucers'. He is a young student and oddly enough a close friend of a graduate student in astronomy at Harvard. (Don't tell Winezell) they showed me some movie/Kod amateurish shots, one in the incident of December 10, 1957, and another being July 26, 1959, both of which seemed like balloons to me, but the second I am not sure of. The second shows very fine color movies of Venus in the daytime, and for this reason alone, I think they are worth while. Do you have this case—July 26, 1959, Corpus Christi, Texas? I enclose one enlargement. The image is real, as it appears on a frame after frame, but it might very well be some light on the fuselage of a plane.

I have recently been presented with a publication by our friends in Akron and Cleveland. It is entitled Electro-Magnetic Effects Associated With Unidentified Flying Objects, and it is quite well prepared and presented in a non sensational manner. I am afraid we are going to hear more about this. If by some chance you have not received a copy, I will send you mine for testing.

Have the stereos of the Louisiana case come in yet?

* I obtained this foto.


- page 2 -

This case contains
1, 3"x5" photo and 1, 3"x5"
negative.

- page 3 -

There are no photographs present on this page. Here is the text content from the document:

```
FILM
July 28, 1955
Corpus Christi, Texas
OBSERVER: UNIDENTIFIED
FILE # 1003535
IN CUSTODY OF AUDIO-VISUAL DIVISION
1225
```

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Here's the text from the document:

---

RESEARCH INVESTIGATION ANALYSIS

INTERPLANETARY INTELLIGENCE OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLA. December 28, 1964

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr. FTD (ITEW) Box 9043 Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Thank you for your two most recent letters in answer to my request. I hope your Christmas was a happy one.

I still have not heard from Dr. ____. I will let you know as soon as I do. Enclosed is the copy that was made from the 16 mm movie that I will send me. Please return as soon as possible because I will need it on January 12. Imamu (giving a lecture to about 75 sorority members (and husbands)) Free, all I will do is may be some members. I thought you might like to see the film for your records.

On November 9, I sent you several fragments believed to be a meteorite that I received from the Lickartid Science-tarium along with the information I had. Did you send the fragment to Dr. ____ at NASA, or to Dr. ____? Dr. ____ has the original 23 pound part and I forwarded several fragments to Dr. _____. In your letter of 11 December you suggested that you can analyze any special policy forward. I do not understand one or two of your sentences. I also suggested that samples of these fragments, as there is a possibility that they are meteorites or tektites indicated by Dr. ___, be sent to Dr. ____. Have you corresponded with Dr. ____ on this? Dr. ____ in a letter to the Planetarium stated that he believes the fragments to be meteorites or tektites. He theorized his conclusion eliminated the claim’s belief is tektites, but in letter from Dr. ____ dated December he states the fragments appears to be of ordinary serpentine basalt rock, and not to release any information on it.

I am looking forward to the new Fact Sheet.

Would it be possible to obtain a copy of the letter dated September 23, 1947 and the list of 69 active organizations?

---

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It consists of a typewritten document only. Here is the transcription of all the text found in the image:

---
FWD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
18 January 1965

Associate Director
IIIUFO
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

Dear Sir,

This is in reply to your letter of 26 December 1964. We received the footage for duplication motion picture. It was forwarded to Chicago, Illinois for duplication by Kodak and returned to us.  The original film was sent to you, airmail, registered, special delivery on the 11th of January under Register Number 661380. We do hope that it arrived in time for your lecture on the 12th. The images on the duplication film depicts clouds, a contrail and the planet Venus. In an independent evaluation of the movie the object was determined to be the planet Venus. Doctor [Name redacted] also evaluated the movie and has determined the image to be the planet Venus. We appreciate your forwarding this film for our evaluation.

Regarding the fragments which you sent us on 9 November 1964. This fragment was forwarded and remained in the Post Office for approximately six weeks. There was an amount of postage due and we did not receive this object in our shop until the 23rd of December. We submitted the fragment to ASD for analysis and the Bowser-Morner Testing Laboratories, Incorporation conducted the spectrographic Semi-Quantitative Analysis. The object was given preliminary tests and determined to have no space residue. The report appears to be common to that portion of Oklahoma. A copy of the lab report is attached. Perhaps these events will clarify the statements in our letter of 11 December 1964 to you. No contact has been made with Doctor King or Doctor Hynek on this particular object. I would like to point out that meteor observations of this nature would be reported by many more observers and that should the object be a meteorite, the absence of sound would indicate that the impact point would be in excess of 300 miles from the point of observation.

The Fact Sheet is in the process of being printed. A courtesy copy will be forwarded to you upon completion. We are enclosing the statistics which will be included as attachments to the basic information.

- page 6 -

This document image does not contain any photographs, only textual content and signatures.

Here is the text from the document:
---
We are attaching a list of the UFO organizations and hobby clubs. We would appreciate any additions of which you are aware and/or comments regarding discontinuations of those no longer active.

Please feel free to publish any information regarding evaluations such as the Pecos City sighting. Information regarding evaluations by the Air Force is always available to individuals and the press. It is good public relations practice for evaluations to appear in the newspaper. This does much to clarify reports and to eliminate doubt in the minds of some readers. The information supplied to you by our office regarding personal opinions and policy and data of this nature is for your information only, since all information regarding policy must be released through the Air Force rather than in the form of a personal letter.

Your six page article is being returned with a few comments by Sgt Moody. These comments are for your information and/or guidance in future articles. The following comments or points of information appear pertinent.

(1) The Air Force accepts only scientific fact regarding life and intelligence on other planets and does not engage in speculation.

(2) Information from almost 9,000 cases indicates that unidentified flying objects exist as reports of aircraft, balloons, stars, planets, missiles and a multitude of known conventional objects and phenomena. There has been no indication that these objects are from outer space under intelligent control. The letter of 23 Sep 47 did not state that UFOs are real, it requested an investigation to determine IF they were real and all official conclusions and all information to date indicates that given sufficient information a valid explanation for the cause of each report could be made.

(3) We would appreciate a statement of the information in your files which indicates that they are objects of interplanetary origin.

Sincerely,

Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

5 Atchs
1. Analysis Of Fragments
2. Statistics
3. Bibliography
4. List of Organizations
5. Six page article & comments

2
---

- page 7 -

