The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a filled-out Project 10073 Record Card from the Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 09/08/1959
2. LOCATION: Ottawa, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. PHOTO SOURCE: No
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: The radar operator observed an unidentified target on the radar scope. The target was described as a "very bright" object, appearing larger than a normal aircraft target. The object remained stationary throughout the observation and then disappeared abruptly. No visual observation was made.
9. COURSE: Not given
10. COMMENTS: Radar contact (magnitude 0.2) was in the target position. This was probably an unidentified phenomenon.
11. CONCLUSIONS: Probably Unidentified

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document or report.

This official was reported to:
Mrs. ------ , Ohio
Telephone who is Civil Defense Director, Defiance County, Ohio
and furnished the material worthy Ohio Civil Defense.
and that receiving official (not been identified) about a girl you possibly a sighted?

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet, which is a questionnaire that was used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people had observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
1. When did you see the object? 2 SEPT 1959
2. Time of day: 11:51 Hour Minute (Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? OTTAWA OHIO
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 2-3 MINUTES Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. To your left b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with questions and options for the witness to fill out.

34. CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
_____ Day _____ Month _____ Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: (redacted)

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
(No further information provided)

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
(No further information provided)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather sketches and diagrams related to a UFO report. Specifically, the image includes:

1. A sketch with a curved line and the instructions to "Place an 'A' on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a 'B' on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it."

2. A larger sketch with an "A" and "B" labeled on it, along with a smaller example sketch.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. 

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about an observed UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _________ degrees.
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___________ degrees.
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph or image visible in this document. This appears to be a text-based form or report related to a UFO sighting. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea  
c. Silver dollar
d. Baseball
e. Dime
f. Grapefruit
g. Nickel
h. Basketball
i. Quarter
j. Beach ball
k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22: 
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which would have the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, where the observer has provided information about an unidentified object they observed.

Text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Whistling 
b. Color - Bright silver - and bright

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially without trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Clearly Defined
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Distorted

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2-3
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or report form with various questions and options for responses.

Extracted text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Slow up into parts or explode?
d. Streak out into parts?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

12. Did the object move behind something, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire or report form.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes / No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes / No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] Last Name, [Redacted] First Name, [Redacted] Middle Name
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Street, [Redacted] City, [Redacted] Zone, [Redacted] State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job? Newspaperman
Age: [Redacted]
Sex: [Redacted]
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school (Type)
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Redacted] Day, [Redacted] Month, [Redacted] Year

- page 10 -

