The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

OCR TEXT:

1. DATE
2. LOCATION
3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local: 1950-1-20 1900

4. HOW OBSERVED
O Observed

5. PHOTOS
O Yes

7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object 50 feet in diameter, changing color from white to blue and back, hovering at treetop level, then speeding away at high speed

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

2. LOCATION
Ripley, West Va.
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
GR Ground-Visual

9. COURSE
moving

11. COMMENTS
Motion & general description conform to often reported characteristics of Unidentified Flying Objects. The object was hovering and changing color, indicating that it may have some advanced propulsion. Its high speed departure also indicates advanced performance characteristics. It seems to be technically far in advance of known aircraft. This case is considered interesting and further evaluation is suggested.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a typed document with a form to be filled out. The text in the document is as follows:

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments of the event that you observed. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED] 
DATE: 27 Sept 57

Reports to be contacted regularly.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with a list of dates and times, likely related to some kind of observation or report.

SUNSET
SEP 12 - 1736 EST @ 70° LONG
1949 LOCAL @ 92° LONG

SEP 27 - 1749 EST @ 67° LONG
1949 LOCAL @ 92° LONG

END EVENING TWILIGHT -
SEP 22 - 1939 EST @ 75° LONG
1949 LOCAL @ 92° LONG

SEP 28 - 1936 EST @ 75° LONG
1949 LOCAL @ 92° LONG

- page 3 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It is a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be a questionnaire form for reporting unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.
1. When did you see the object? 1959 AUG 8
2. Time of day: 12:33 P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Ripley, W.VA
5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 8 Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Rough estimate d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Dusk or twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight c. Clear
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. To your left d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object: 
a. Appear to stand still at all times?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Brake up into parts or explode?
d. Change brightness?
e. Change shape?
f. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent?

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No 
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. The naked eye Yes No
h. Other

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Size: Object fairly large color
b. Color: Object fairly large color blue to red

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, portholes, exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Along

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Like a bright star
d. Don't remember
Other: Plain outline

19. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with various questions and responses related to a UFO sighting.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, or "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Mutual convergence - then flared brightly.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One):  a. Head of a pin   b. Pea   c. Dime   d. Nickel   e. Quarter   f. Half dollar   g. Silver dollar   h. Baseball   i. Grapefruit   j. Basketball   k. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.):
a. Very certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?  Gradually faded from sight.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could reproject the object then you saw. Of what type material would you make it up? How large would it be, and what other shape or appearance would it have? It would be a very bright, unusually shaped craft or object, which would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document, featuring a questionnaire or form with multiple choice questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Lying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. East
c. South
d. West

28.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was appeared from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North __________ degrees.
b. From horizon __________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North __________ degrees.
b. From horizon __________ degrees.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a form with various questions about the weather conditions, the time of sighting, and other details related to the UFO observation.

34. CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Overcast
d. Scattered clouds
e. Thick or heavy clouds
f. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Moderate wind
d. Strong wind
e. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No 

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form with various questions and blank spaces for the observer to fill out.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted], Ridgley, WV 26251
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job? 
Age: 5 Sex: F
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Redacted] Day [Redacted] Month [Redacted] Year

- page 10 -

