The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card, which is a standardized form used to document UFO sightings and investigations as part of Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's historical program for investigating UFO reports.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 30/0/1952
2. LOCATION OF OBSERVATION: New Madison, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 30/05/1952/ 2100 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
   Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: None
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. COURSE: Straight line
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
   At 2100 hours EDT on 30 May 1952, the radar operator at New Madison, Ohio, detected an unidentified target on his radarscope. The target was first picked up at a distance of 15 miles, and it then proceeded to close in on the station at a steady rate of speed. When the target reached a distance of 5 miles, the radar operator alerted the duty officer, who watched the target on the scope for several minutes. The target then suddenly accelerated and disappeared off the scope. No known aircraft were in the area at the time.
9. COMMENTS:
   The Air Force is continuing its investigation of this incident. The radar operator and duty officer are considered reliable observers. No explanation has been found for the unidentified target.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document, specifically a letter dated May 20, 1959, from a person in New Madison, Ohio, describing an observation of unusual aerial phenomena the previous night.

New Madison, Ohio 
Wednesday
May 20, 1959

Dear Sirs:

Observed in the West last night, Tuesday, May 19, 1959 at approximately 10:45 p.m. a strange looking object moving in a northerly direction. It was flying from Madison from Ansonia, Ohio. I watched this object for over half an hour as it moved in a straight line position as we could discern, and faded away until we could no longer distinguish it in the sky.

My description would be that it gave appearances of a moon behind a cloud, except that the object seemed to give off a strange glow from within - with no definite shape as at times. The phenomena shall be interrupted by objects disappearing and reappearing, which leads me to believe it might be some sort of a research plan.

On both occasions there seemed to be a fraction of a second when the mass seemed to leave the present position and take on a slightly different position. This light would be so faded as to be no longer distinguishable in the sky. Stars were visible along side the object.

In regards to this report it is of importance and interest. However, it should not be considered a factual investigation for the flight path or speed of the object. It should be reported to any agency you see fit.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]
New Madison, Ohio

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing only text.

Dear 
Project Blue Book reported sighting of an unidentified flying object reported to have been observed in the sky over New Madison, Ohio, on May 8, 1959.
Unidentified Sheet which you should still file as valuable information. I will further their conclusions in study.
Sincerely,

Project J. TAUCH
Intelligence Officer
Office of Information Services
ATIC Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Dear [redacted], Ohio

- page 3 -

