The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10973 record card from the Project Blue Book archive.

PROJECT 10973 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 30 - 6 - 59
2. LOCATION: Gulf of bothnia 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: G Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-5 minutes
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Witness observed a bright light moving in a straight line at a constant speed at about 7-8° above horizon.
11. COMMENTS: Witness stated light appeared to be very bright silver in color, and larger than a star. It was seen for approximately 12 seconds.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book UFO analysis sheet.

The text visible in the document is as follows:

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
Location: 69°40' N, 18°30' E, Baltic Sea, Sweden
Date: 15 Feb 56, 2100 hours (Z) 
Weather: Clear, calm
Description: Luminous white light, oval-shaped object, maneuvering, accelerating, and disappearing as a star.
Direction of Motion: Moving upward
Satellites: (AFCIN-493, PHONE 69219) Negative
Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc): Ruled out
Radar Analysis (AFCIN-4E1): -
Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc): Ruled out
Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc: Ruled out
Other: Briefly sighted
Evaluation of Source Reliability: -
Analysis and Conclusions: The object sighted is apparently not a star, planet, meteor, comet, or any other astronomical phenomena known. It is believed to be an unidentified flying object.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing some observations or an incident.

(Description omitted)

The text in the document reads:

The sighting of not more than one minute's duration appeared to be a flat, brilliantly lighted, metallic object of large size which moved at a very high speed over the sea leaving no trace. Its apparent size was that of a dinner plate, and it seemed to be about 15 to 20 feet above the water. The object disappeared in the direction of Utlangan before the observer had time to take a clear look and estimate its size more definitely. The brilliant light radiated was observed for perhaps 5 to 10 seconds.
CONCLUSION: The observer was unable to form a definite opinion as to the nature of the object observed, but stated that the sighting was so brief that he could not be certain as to its exact size, shape, or distance. The behavior of the object, however, appeared to be unlike any known conventional aircraft.

- page 3 -

