The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card. There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a form with various fields filled out, including the date, location, type of observation, source, number of objects, and a brief summary of the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 9-55
2. LOCATION Approx.13 Mi.W.Of Woodruff, Wisc.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP 2025
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION □Ground-Radar □ Air-Intercept Radar
5. PHOTOS □ Yes
6. SOURCE Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 10 Mins
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
9. COURSE 35 Deg.S.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING Object appeared as a luminous disc and disappeared behind trees the observer lost sight of it. Trail of vapor or exhaust reported
11. COMMENTS This witnessed bv 3 adults Unidentified Air Phenomena was observed for about 10 mins and the object disappeared behind trees and could not be relocated. The object appeared to be a luminous disc and left no trail.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page contains a form titled "AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT" with information regarding a UFO sighting that occurred on 6 October 1959 in Northern Wisconsin.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
COUNTRY: U.S.A.
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object
LOCATION: Northern Wisconsin
DATE-TIME GROUP OF SIGHTING: 6 Oct 59, 0255Z
SUMMARY: On 6 October 1959, in Northern Wisconsin, two civilians observed a brightly glowing object. The object was described as cigar-shaped, emitting a bluish-white light, and traveling at a high rate of speed before disappearing from view. The observers heard four distinct reports, similar to the sound of an atom bomb.
A. Description of the Object:
(1) Shape: No definite shape.
(2) Size: Cannot estimate.
(3) Color: Bluish-white.
(4) Behavior: Constant, smooth movement - not erratic.
(5) Unusual Features: About a minute after disappearance of the object, the observers heard four distinct sounds, similar to the sound of an atom bomb.
B. Description of Course or Trajectory:
(1) Initial Azimuth and Elevation: Ten miles elevation, azimuth unknown.
(2) Final Azimuth and Elevation: Ten miles elevation, azimuth unknown.
(3) Course: From northeast to southwest.
(4) Speed of Object: Subject became smaller and smaller, but in light.
(5) Length of time in sight: Fifteen seconds.
C. Method of Observation: Ground-visual.
D. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Date-Time Group: 6 Oct 59, 0255Z
(2) Light Conditions: Night.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographic elements. It appears to be an Air Intelligence Information Report from Project Blue Book.

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

1. Location of observers: Between Birchslin Lake and South Lake on the Northwesterly portion of Canada County Line. See attached sketch.

2. Identification of observers: (1) Civilian, Male, Age 45, Wisconsin Conservation Department, and (2) Civilian, Male, Age 38, Wisconsin Conservation Department.

3. Details of observation: Observers watched 3 oval-shaped objects, about 40-50 ft. in diameter, moving in an arc from horizon to horizon at a high rate of speed. The objects appeared to be under intelligent control and were accompanied by a smaller sphere object which seemed to be connected to the larger objects by some type of beam or energy force. Observers watched the objects for approximately 20 minutes.

4. Intercepción or identification action taken: None.

5. Air traffic or balloon releases in area: Little or no known aircraft activity. Green flares may weather balloons at high altitude.

6. Position, title, and comments of preparing officer: Major Frederick M. Willsey, Intelligence Officer.

The text provided in the document has been fully transcribed and output.

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects. The page contains an "Air Intelligence Information Report" with various sections, including "Physical evidence" and "Comments of Preparing Officer". However, there is no photograph visible in this particular image.

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
Directive of June 1960

Investigative Analysis
The sounds heard, as well as the sighting, could have been part of the Northern lights display. The sighting may have been a jet aircraft. Movement of lights within the Aurora Borealis is common, according to the Geophysical Observatory. According to the findings that are part of this report, there is no definite evidence that an unknown aircraft was in the general region. Illumination bright enough to register as one general region. Illumination bright enough to register as craft was not observed other than that caused by the Aurora Borealis.

Physical evidence:
(1) Photographic evidence: None
(2) Material evidence: See sketch attached.

COMMENTS of Preparing Officer:
See Analysis Above.

COMMENTS of Approving Officer:
N.M. MIHALKOV, JR.
Lt Col, USAF
Asst Chief, Air Intelligence

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which seems to be a report or letter describing an unidentified aerial observation.

Text transcribed from the document:

ONEIDA CO.
x= observation point
+= 5000 foot line above trail

Oct. 6, 1959 - 8:40 p.m. - Madison and I were returning home from consultation at a neighbor's house. As we neared our home, XXXX, Madison, Wis.("NEO"), I sighted a bright light in the northwest sky, apparently moving at high speed. It was traveling from the southeast to the northwest. At first I thought it might be a jet plane with afterburners, but it was traveling much faster than any jet. It seemed about the size of a star. It was very bright and steady, not blinking or flickering. It was at least 4 times the size of the airplane lights we see. It was completely silent.

I said to Madison, "Look at that strange light in the sky." We watched it for about 15-20 seconds as it disappeared from sight, going toward the northwest. The sky was clear, and the object was not obscured by clouds. 

This was a definite observation, and while I cannot give a positive identification, it did not resemble any aircraft I have ever seen before. It seemed to be purposely maneuvering, and was traveling at a tremendous speed. I am quite sure it was not an airplane, satellite, meteor, or any natural astronomical phenomenon. I am quite familiar with all types of aircraft, and this was completely different from anything I have ever observed before.

I would be most interested in any information you may have regarding this observation. Please let me know if you need any further details.

Thank you!

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 5 -

