The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a project 10073 record card from the Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings. The record card contains various fields such as the date, location, time, type of observation, number of objects, course, and a brief summary of the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE                                
2. LOCATION                           
3. DATE-TIME GROUP                       
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   a. Ground-Radar
   b. Air-Visual
   c. Other
5. SOURCE
   a. Military
   b. Civilian  
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
(This object was observed in the sky III gross or object weight. Under the observation conditions. and shining. The object disappeared out of the corner of the observer's eye and was not seen again.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Park Treasure
Investigation in the neighborhood at point of explosion the following information was revealed:
Object appeared on a round approximately 12" diameter, burning object, would explode into many smaller objects 15-20 ft. from original point of blast or any point of contact in this vicinity.
Check of neighborhood terrain verified that explosion occurred approximately 2:00 hours 14 Sept 1959.
s/Major John H. Battan
"CERTIFIED TRUE COPY"

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph of an old document, specifically a page from a Project Blue Book report. There is no photograph or image included within the document itself, only text describing the incident.

Here is the text from the document:

FRICK PARK AREA, PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA
15 September 1959

On 15 September 1959 the Pittsburgh police investigated a reported explosion in the Frick Park area of the city. The explosion was reported to have occurred on 9 July 1959. The investigating officer reported that the object was conically shaped, and the body was of polyethylene plastic, yellow in color. There was a circuit consisting of a light bulb, battery, and an antenna attached to it with 1/2" bolts. The weight of the object was twelve pounds.

During inspection of the object attempts were made to open it, but nothing was destroyed except a mercury switch which controlled the internal circuitry. The object appeared to be entirely free of moving parts and the wiring contained in the aluminum were the following items, all imbedded in a glue-like substance which was used to fill the interior:

a. Nickel metallic lantern battery container with switch.
b. Signal flare (chromium leads ends); 5 1/2" long and 1 3/4" diameter.
c. Light ray-o-vac flashlight batteries (four in the battery container).
d. Two mercury switches.
e. Tiny atom 1/200th horsepower electric motor (Wilson's of Cleveland).
f. Transformer (Cleveland Transformer Division, Boonton, N.J.).

The batteries, mercury switches, electric motor, and light bulb were all wired; however, the electric motor was not connected electrically to anything. The antenna and transformer were not a part of the circuit. 

Vision's or Cleveland, manufacturer of the tiny atom electric motor, when contacted concerning the motor indicated that their chief outlets were hobby shops. In view of the relatively great weight, fragsushtedly, overall lack of any productive function, and crudeness this object is ruled out as a device designed to collect information.

All evidence indicates that this object was not airborne at any time. An object containing a heavy cylindrical base would, upon falling, cause the sharp points of the base to dig into the ground, thereby indicating that this incident was the fact that the light bulb and 1/2" plastic cover were found intact.

It is the Air Force conclusion that this object and the explosion were all part of an incident, flashed by mercury switches, and the whining of the transformer was the result of the contacts of the several circuits being closed. Since this incident happened at the beginning of the school term, this was probably a prank or school experiment.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of a Project Blue Book document from the Air Technical Intelligence Center of the United States Air Force, regarding a reported unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting in the Frick Park area of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on 15 September 1959.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO: AFOTN-INTCL

SUBJECT: UFO, Frick Park Area, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 15 September 1959

TO: SAFSJ-3d (Major Tacker)

1. On 15 September 1959, the Pittsburgh police investigated a reported explosion in the Frick Park area. The explosion was reported to have occurred about 10:30 PM. During the investigation, the police discovered an unidentified object in the area of the reported explosion. This object was found to consist of a shape similar to that of plastic, and had a metal cable attached to it with a 1 inch bolt. The object was subsequently turned over to the Department of the Air Force.

2. The Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center was notified of this report by the Air Defense Command Post received the message from AFOIN Indications Center.

3. In compliance with a telephone request from ATIC, Captain Trembley, as Chairman of the ATIC Evaluation Group, conducted a preliminary investigation and forwarded the object with his report to ATIC. Captain Trembley pointed out that he was unable to determine what the object was.

4. The object measured nine inches in diameter at the base and eleven inches in height. The body was of polyethylene plastic, yellow in color, three-sixteenth inch in thickness. It contained a thin stem or shaft protruding from the base which was attached to a steel cable with a 1 inch bolt. The weight of the object was alleged to be about the same as the object was burned.

5. Attempts were made to open the object without destroying it, but it was found to be impenetrable. Under the outer skin of plastic, the object was found to contain an inner skin or shell which was concentric in the aluminum was the following items: a light bulb, a switch, and some other items that could not be identified and appeared to be of a technical nature.

- page 4 -

The image contains a description of a device, but does not include any photographs. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

a.  dilos Huntlite lantern battery container with switch.
b. Steel pipe (threaded both ends) 2¼ inches long, 1 3/8 inches 
diameter. 
c. Eight Ray-O-Vac flashlight batteries (four in the battery container) . Batteries outside of the container were covered with electrical tape.
d. Two mercury switches.
e. Tiny atom, 250 horsepower electric motor (Wilson's of Cleveland).
f. Transformer (General Telephone and Radio Corporation, Houston, Texas).
g. Flashlight bulb and socket with red plastic cover.
h. Flexible antenna (approximately 54 inches long).
i. The batteries, mercury switches, electric motor, and bulb were all wired together. The antenna and transformer were not a part of the circuit. This circuitry appeared to be a haphazard construction that did not seem to have any specific purpose. The only thing that held it together was the construction of the device.
7. Wilson's of Cleveland, manufacturers of the tiny atom electric motor, was contacted by telephone. They stated that they do not have a contract to supply the U. S. Government with these motors or connectorsTor them. The president of the company informed that one of their small motors had been involved in some "shady" dealing or transactions. 
8. In view of the relatively great weight, absence of any transmitter or receiving equiptment, and the incapability and overall lack of an obvious productive function, this object is ruled out as a Rawinnsonde or any device used by the government for upper air research. 
9. All evidence indicates that this object was not airborne or flying saucer. An observation was made that should an atomic vehicle be able to operate without the usual associated equipment, this object would not qualify, as it has been noted that the tow weight and lack of "gadgets" are the chief requirements for such a vehicle. 
10. It is also certain that this object and the explanation were all in a downward trend. At the time of the report, the authorities were making every effort to help to attract attention, however the intensity of the interest was rapidly diminishing as it was the beginning of the school year. This was probably the prank of college students.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

Here is the text output from the document:

11. The Electronic Technology Laboratory and the Aerial Reconnaissance Laboratory of WADC assisted with the evaluation of this object:

PHILIP G. EVANS 
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

4 Atch:
1. Drawing of Obj.
2. X-Ray by Capt Batten
3. Xry Prt by Capt Bembley
4. Xry Rpt of Explosion

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

25th Air Division
USAF (Suptron)

Greater Pittsburgh Airport
Coraopolis, Pennsylvania

30 September 1959

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: CDR (SUPTRON)

SUBJECT: Sighting of an Alleged Unidentified Object, 15 Sep 59, Article SPTAE Area of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

TO: Commander
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

1. Enclosed as attachment 1, a true copy of a report, dated 15 September 1959, which was forwarded to this headquarters by the Greater Pittsburgh Airport. The object was sighted by the airport tower operator and a copy of the Police report along with sketches of the object received are attached.

2. The undersigned, upon receiving a call from Sgt. Bollou, Greater Pittsburgh Airport Control Tower, was informed that the object was possibly a part of a weather balloon radio transmission and that as soon as visibility allowed, the ground crew would attempt to locate and recover the object. A complete description was given, the weather man furnished additional information to me, and as no further contact was made operations, the object and identified it as a weather balloon and informed the Intelligence Center accordingly.

3. Investigation by the Pittsburgh Police and Bales Station, no evidence of an explosion or reason for an explosion was found. To the best of my knowledge no other agencies were notified of the incident and no further action had nothing to do with it.

C.S. Chuntley
Colonel, USAF
Commanding

Attachments:
1. Report of Sighting
2. Sketches to accompany report

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFOIN-4R2A/Captain Rondell/75117

SUBJECT: Extract from ATIC Duty Officers Report

TO: AFOIN-4R2a

Following is an extract from ATIC Duty Officers Report dtd 14-15 September 1959 for your information:

0930 - The following message was received by telephone from L/Col Thos M Collins, Atlanta, Georgia: He stated that this message was passed to him from AFOIN Indications Center, Washington D.C. by A. D. Linder:

"At 0300Z, 15 Sep 59, a small cone-shaped object with bright lights attached to it was sighted over Atlanta, Georgia. Object moved at 500-600 knots 2,000 feet altitude, ground clutter around object is one shaped object, the lights across the horizon for a distance of several miles. No further information given. Object disappeared from sight into clouds, but does not burn or blink when object laid on. No noise; no trail. Object size of comet head. Cable attached to object 15 to 20 feet in possession of Squirrel Hill police. 04 Sept is in possession of Squirrel Hill Policeman.

2330 - Air Command Post called and reported receipt of following messages from various AF, USA, FAA. Air Force Command Post calls AFOIN that squirrel hill police demand the returned article found by them which they believe incident a hoax."

Did not call Major Rinehart and spare time because of short time remaining before duty hours. He should be notified however as he plans to take some positive action this morning.

/s/ RONDELL
Captain, USAF
AFOIN-4R2a

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a detailed description of an explosion that occurred in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on September 15, 1959. The document does not contain any photographs, only text.

CITY OF PITTSBURGH 
Department Bureau of Police
Department Third Police District
Sept. 15th, 1959.
SUBJECT: Report of an Explosion
At about 12 midnight, Emergency Ambulance 11-A (H.Scanlon &
F. Soukup) were cruising in the 6500 block of Beacon St. and heard a very loud explosion coming from the 5+ Hill Area - Upon investigation, the location of the explosion was placed in Frick Park about 100 yards in off Beechwood Blvd. and 75 yards East of the dirt road leading to the Park Barn. 
An object was found at this location measuring the front end of a something looking like a cone shaped thing. Projectile measuring 9" in diameter at the base and 11" high. A flashing red light encased in plastic is mounted on the top of the cone shaped thing. The object is made of polyethylene plastic - yellow in color. 3 wires appearing like antenna protrude from the nose, followed the red light and a "u" bolt with a two foot 1" steel cable is attached to the side with 1/2" bolts.
The weight of the thing is about 12 pounds. 
The object after being held at #11 Police Station and not being identified was turned over to 2d Lt. Richard P. Davis of the 18th Artillery Group of the Air Defense based at South Park. The Ordnance Department of this outfit is to make an effort to identify.

Respectfully,
Lieut. FRANCIS J. WALSH
111 Division - Plans

THIS IS A TRUE EXTRACT COPY:
A. PICCINKE - D.O.
MAJOR 
ATT'Y

- page 9 -

The image contains a technical diagram or schematic of an object. The diagram shows the various components of the object, including antenna-like wires, a red light, a transformer, aluminum, and a plastic casing. The overall shape of the object appears to be dome-like or spherical. The text below the diagram indicates that the weight of the object is 12 lbs.

Weight = 12 lbs
Antenna-like wires
Red Light
i" Steel Cable 
Transformer
Aluminum
Plastic

- page 10 -

