The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report, with the text "PROPOSED TRANSFER TO SAFOI" and some other administrative information at the top.

PROPOSED TRANSFER TO SAFOI
RETURN TO 
USAF Historical Archives
ASIASFAF-AI
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a letter regarding the transfer of the USAF Aerial Phenomena Program.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-1AB

SUBJECT: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

TO:    AFCIN-4 (Colonel Dewher)

1. In keeping with a policy of producing the maximum of aerospace intelligence data, AFCIN-1B in December 1959 recommended the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to AFCIN-4 and Development Command. It was felt that a transfer to a unit with a primary mission to uncover any positive evidence that UFO's constitute a threat to national security would provide greater impetus to the program's scientific and/or technical aspects. ARDC, after reviewing the program, declined to accept the transfer, indicating that the limited data available was not sufficient to warrant their active participation.

2. Since the data available is limited quantitatively, only because of the organization's inability to devote itself completely to the program, it is recommended that the USAF obligations to this program and also to continue monitoring the intelligence activities of the public and the press in this field be transferred to AFCIN-4. This office strongly recommends such a transfer.

3. Draft of ltr to Gen Walsh clearly indicates the benefits which might be derived from such a transfer.

4. If you concur with these suggestions, it is recommended that the steps for the above transfer be authorized and forwarded to AFCIN-4.

ROBERT R. TOWNE
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-1AB

1 Atch:
Draft of ltr to Gen Walsh
w/Atch.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed document. 

AFCIN-4X1
1 April 1960

Subject: Transfer of UFO

MEMORANDUM TO MAJOR GENERAL DOUGHER

1. My comments on the transfer proposed in Colonel Evans' memorandum of 31 March 1960 are as follows:

2. I have been associated during the last ten years of close association with this program to get it out of ATIC, for most of the reasons given in Colonel Evans' better and its attachments. However, I have some additional comments.

a. This program has a high psychological warfare potential (an example being the H. G. Wells "War of the World" put on as a radio show by Orson Welles some years ago). Defense against this is not a function of intelligence.

b. I do not agree that, as stated in paragraph 4c, "loss of prestige to UFO program" is a disadvantage. In fact, I have been trying to bring this about totally.

3. Major Tacker of SAFOI is about to publish a book on UFO. This would surely destroy the claim of objectivity which the Air Force has made.

4. This transfer would certainly ease the 4X3 personnel problem.

5. If a transfer of personnel is involved in this matter, I recommend that Major R. J. Friend or Captain George T. Gregory go with the program; that is, if they are available or if they can be spared. A knowledgeable representative in an advisory capacity only and upon call. A much better alternative, and the one I recommend, would be for Dr. J. Allen Hynek to be retained by SAFOI as the scientific advisor on this subject.

A. FRANCIS ARCIER
1 Atch
4E ltr 31 Mar 60, subj Transfer
of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report containing text.

Outputting the text from the document:

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-4

SUBJECT: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

TO: AFCIN (Major General Walsh)

1. During December 1959, a study was conducted by AFCIN-4, ATIC, recommending the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to the Air Research and Development Command. It was pointed out that 12 cases associated with this UFO program had failed to provide any value from the program that would be derived from exploitation of its scientific and technical potential to include intelligence and evaluation. The opinion was that the cases which give indication of possessing scientific and/or technical value were of limited scientific value. It is the opinion of ATIC that this data was valueless for intelligence exploitation because of its restricted scientific and technical content. Furthermore, if the cases which give indication of possessing scientific and/or technical value were to be exploited only, it was believed by this organization that the great majority of these cases which constitute only an interest case program would be eliminated.

2. This program could operate without the loss of its possible military and scientific value as follows:

a. The reports will by regulation be forwarded to SAFOI for initial classification and research. An officer with a technical background, and preferably with intelligence experience, will be assigned to this function. SAFOI will be charged with this responsibility and will report all cases which give indication of having possible intelligence value or scientific and technical possibilities to AFCIN and/or ARDC for further evaluation and/or exploitation.

b. Those reports which reach SAFOI which give indication of having possible intelligence value or scientific and technical possibilities will be forwarded to AFCIN and/or ARDC for further evaluation and/or exploitation.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text only.

The text from the document is as follows:

The conduct of the program in the field (investigations) will still be the responsibility of the Air Force bases. At the bases it will devolve upon the intelligence function which will be responsible for these activities.

3. The advantages of this transfer are:

a. SAFOI is familiar with the Aerial Phenomena Program.
b. Reports will be evaluated immediately at the office responsible for public relations.
c. The reports which show promise of additional value, either from an intelligence and/or scientific viewpoint, will be forwarded to specialists cognizant for further evaluation. Those which contain evidence such as photos and ATIC and ARDC are required to handle would be cut to a minimum, allowing for more evaluation per report and consequently better analysis and evaluation.
d. The program will lose some of the aura of mystery which surrounds it under present operation.
e. ATIC will be free to apply man-hours, previously applied to the project, to other projects more beneficial to the Air Force.
f. ATIC prestige will lose the damaging effects which can be attributed to its association with the program so much in the public eye.
g. There are certain disadvantages associated with this change, the magnitude of which will decrease as the agencies concerned become familiar with the new method of operation.
i. The requirement for the office handling this program to establish rigid security measures for clearifying intelligence personnel and for processing classified intelligence.
b. It will be the responsibility of one individual not directly concerned with intelligence to determine which reports are of possible intelligence value.
c. Possibility of delay of reports with intelligence value getting into proper channels and the resulting delay of evaluation and dissemination of intelligence information.
d. The necessity for familiarizing sub-units of the Air Force with a new method of operating the Aerial Phenomena Program.

2

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

5. It has been pointed out that there would possibly be a lag in intelligence concerning it may be due to the proper channels. However, it should be immediately obvious that reports which originate from intelligence sources would come in at a high level in intelligence when deemed necessary due to their relation with the Aerial Phenomena Program, or for whatever the officer in charge should deem important. This problem is of a scientific and technical capability. The officer in charge within SAFOI a scientific and technical capability, for a scientific and technical capability, for assistance in the evaluation of these reports.

6. The officer processing this document is available for transfer along with the project. This officer is capable of performing paragraph 2a of this document.

7. Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Astrophysicist and Director of the Observatory at Northwestern University, should be retained as the scientific consultant on this program. Since the beginning of the Aerial Phenomena program spans the entire 12 years that the Air Force has conducted this program, and his experience would be invaluable to the success of the program.

8. It is believed that this method of operating the Aerial Phenomena Program could be more efficacious for the USAF. The long range time are to eliminate this costly program completely as an Air Force responsibility. The first step, however, is to eliminate the most urgent and garden variety UFO reports as a responsibility of Intelligence.

This text appears to be a detailed report or memorandum regarding the handling and management of the Project Blue Book program investigating unidentified aerial phenomena. It discusses various procedural and organizational aspects of the program, including the role of scientific advisors, the need for technical and scientific expertise, and potential changes to how the program is operated.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Based on the text in the image, this appears to be a document regarding the transfer of the USAF Aerial Phenomena Program to APCIN. The text discusses the details of this transfer, including the handling of reports, the purpose of the program, and its potential impact.

Transcribed text from the document:

APCIN-4

Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

APCIN (Major General Walsh)

1. During December 1959, a study was conducted by APCIN-MB, ATIC, AFOAI commending the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to APCIN. It was pointed out that five years experience with the UFO program had failed to reveal any tangible scientific data, and that any value from the continuation of such an investigation was to be questioned.

After review of the program, APCIN declined the transfer indicating the data available was not qualified to the degree required. However, AATC was directed to transfer the data available to limited qualitatively only because of the volume of USAF, ATIC, and other information to be handled by this organization. This is due to the fact that the technical value of this data has not been exploited fully, as it is believed that they should be handled as research data, not as statistics as they are valuable to the Air Force only as statistics and as they relate to the public interest aspects of the program. The Air Force must be concerned in view of the fact that this program, for the most part, deals with public relations and the military's association with the program. It is presently responsibility for the public relations portion of the program and this responsibility would be transferred to AFOAI.

2. This program could operate without the loss of its possible military scientific value if conducted as follows:

a. The reports will by regulation be forwarded to AFOAI for initial investigation and screening. An officer with a technical background, and preferably with intelligence experience, will be assigned to this branch of AFOAI charged with this responsibility and will conduct the screening and initial evaluation.

b. Those reports which reach AFOAI which give indication of having possible intelligence value or scientific and technical possibilities will be forwarded to APCIN and/or ATIC for further evaluation and/or exploitation.

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text content:

The conduct of the program in the field (investigations) will still be the responsibility of the military forces connections which will be responsible for these investigations.

3. The adventurer or this transfer were:

a. SAFOI is familiar with the Aerial Phenomena Program.
b. Reports will be evaluated immediately at the office responsible.
c. The reports which show promise of additional value, either from the standpoint of scientific value or military interest, will be forwarded to the analysis concerning. Under this procedure the number of reports which agencies such as ATIC and RAND are required to handle would be minimized as much as possible for more detailed analysis.
d. The Aerial Phenomena Program will lose some of the aura of mystery which surround it due to its association with Intelligence.  
e. The ATIC prestige will lose the damaging effects which can be attributed to the association with a program of this nature.
g. There are certain disadvantages associated with this change, the magnitude of which will decrease as the agencies concerned become familiar with the new method of operation.

The requirement for the office handling this program to establish necessary measures for handling classified intelligence.

a. It will be the responsibility of one individual not directly concerned with intelligence to determine which reports are of possible intelligence value.

b. Possibility of delay of reports with intelligence value getting into proper channels and the resulting delay of evaluation and dissemination of intelligence information.

c. The necessity for familiarizing sub-units of the Air Force with a new method of operating the Aerial Phenomena Program.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The page appears to contain only text, which I will proceed to extract and output:

It has been pointed out that there would possibly be a lag in the public information before it would be made public. However, it should be immediately obvious that reports which originate from intelligence sources would remain primarily in intelligence channels. The reports so far received indicate the necessity due to their relation with the Aerial Phenomena Program, necessitated on the reports which remain primarily in intelligence channels. This places a scientific and technical capability. The office within SAFOP which handles the processing of any agency or activity's capability, for assistance in the evaluation of these reports.
The above considerations are indicating the program for ATIC is available for transfer along with the project. This officer is capable of performing the functions of this document.
Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Astrophysicist and Director of the Observatory Northwest University, should be informed as Liaison on scientific matters. He apparently spans the entire 15 years that the Air Force has conducted this experience would be invaluable to the program.
It is believed that this method of operating the Aerial Phenomena Program would be more beneficial to the USAF. The long range plans are to eliminate this costly program completely as an Air Force responsibility. The Air Force has made the determination that responsibility for the primary investigation of most UFO reports should be assigned to the agency of Intelligence.
If you concur with the recommendations of this letter, it is suggested that the necessary steps be taken to effect the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to SAFOX.

1 Atch
Draft of ltr to M/Gen Luehman

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C. 

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFGIK (Major General Walsh)

SUBJECT: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program 

TO: SAFOI (Major General A. R. Luehtman)

1. In the fall of 1947, the USAF took official notice of reports of unidentified flying objects. Responsibility for the UFO project was assigned to the intelligence community.

2. The project, it was believed, was to determine if UFO's were hostile, had any possible scientific value, and to determine the nature and scope of these objects. After 12 years and more than 12,000 observed reports the project has yielded no evidence which would indicate that UFO's are inimical or pose a security threat in any way.

3. In the absence of evidence to indicate a possible security threat the scientific and public relations functions of the program are curtailed. Since the program's assignment to intelligence is no longer practical, experience indicates the same 12 years has only provided a few reports that may have intelligence and/or scientific and technical value to become lost in the volume of reports received over the years. It is my opinion that the aerial phenomena project should be assigned to SAFOI.

4. To prevent the loss of valuable information, intelligence, administrative and/or technical, it is suggested that an individual be assigned from SAFOI or AFOIN who will personally supervise the branch of SAFOI which becomes responsible for the program. All reports which have indication of value in the intelligence and/or scientific and technical field should be retained and exploitated. The officer presently conducting the project for AFGIK is available for transfer with the project. This officer is capable of performing the function spelled out in this paragraph.

5. It is suggested that Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Astrophysicist and Director of the Observatory at Northwestern University, be retained as a consultant on this program.

- page 10 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, primarily consisting of text.

as the scientific consultant to the program. DR. HYNEK HAS PERFORMED IN THIS CAPACITY FOR SOME TIME WITH GREAT COMPETENCE AND "KNOW HOW" WOULD BE INVALUABLE TO AIR FORCE EFFORTS IN CONDUCTING THE AERIAL PHENOMENA PROGRAM.

6. WITH YOUR CONCURRENCE, I PROPOSE TO INITIATE THE ACTION TO TRANSFER THE AERIAL PHENOMENA PROGRAM TO SAFDI.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the Air Technical Intelligence Center of the United States Air Force.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-4B/Col. Evans/jf

SUBJECT: Transfer of UPO

TO: AFCIN-4B2
Colonel Shoop

Attached correspondence has been returned by the Clerk Stenographer's office for information. The space authorization for the clerk stenographer is that
group will now remain there.

PHILIP G. EVANS
COLONEL, USAF
AFCIN-4B

29 April 1960

1. Atch Memo fr AFCIN-4, Mr. Arcier
2. Atch Memo re 4/31/60
Draft of Ltr to Gen Walsh

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

REPLY TO: ACTN OF: AFOTN (Major General Walsh)
SUBJECT: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program
TO: SAFOI (Major General A. H. Luehman)

1. In the fall of 1947, the USAF took official notice of reports of unidentified flying objects. Responsibility for the UFO program was assigned to the Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC) at Wright-Patterson AFB.

2. The project, as established, was to determine if UFO's were real, the possibility of scientific value, and to determine the nature of each of these objects. After 12 years and more than 12,000 reports, the Air Force has not discovered any evidence that UFO's are inimical or pose a security threat in any way.

3. Inasmuch as the scientific and public relations aspects of the program seem to have received more attention than the technical problems involved, and since experience during the past 12 years has indicated that the program does not warrant more expenditure of money, personnel, and effort, this memorandum sets forth that the Air Technical Intelligence has become of little or no value to the USAF. The USAF may opinion that the aerial phenomena project should be assigned to another agency.

4. To prevent the loss of valuable information, intelligence, scientific and technical data gained during the 12 year project, it is assigned to the Foreign Technology Division of AFCIN. All ATIC reports, files and accumulated data will be transferred to this branch of SAFOI which becomes responsible for the program. All reports advisable have indication of value in other intelligence programs will be passed to appropriate agencies and/or exploitation. The officer presently conducting the program for ATIC is available for transfer along with the project. This officer is Lieutenant Edward J. Ruppelt.

5. It is suggested that Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Astrophysicist and Director of the Observatory at Northwestern University, be retained as consultant to this project.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a document, possibly a report, with handwritten text.

The text on the page reads:

"as the scientific consultant to the program, Dr. Hynek has performed in this capacity for ATRC since 1947, and his experience and "know how" would be invaluable to the Air Force efforts in conducting the aerial phenomena program.

6. With your concurrence, I propose to initiate the action to transfer the aerial phenomena program to ATIC."

- page 14 -

The image contains no photograph, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

DRAFT Ltr to Gen Walsh fr H/Gen Dougher  
SUBJECT: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

1.  During December 1959, a study was conducted by AFCIN-LE, ATIC, recommending the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to the Air Research and Development Command. It was pointed out that 12 years experience with the UFO program had failed to reveal any threat to national security, and that any value from the program would be derived from exploitation of its scientific and technical aspects. After review of the program, ARDC declined the transfer indicating the data available was qualitative and therefore was of limited scientific value. It is the opinion of ATIC that the data available is limited qualitatively only because of the volume of UFO traffic required to be handled by this organization. If the cases which give indication of possessing scientific and/or technical value were to be exploited fully, it is believed that they would be of benefit to the USAF. It was further pointed out in the study, and by ADIC, that the great majority of these cases are valuable to the Air Force only as statistics and as they relate to the public relations aspects of the program. The Air Force must continue its responsibility for operation of this project; however, in view of the fact that this program, for the most part, deals with public relations it is suggested that it be transferred to SAFOI. SAFOI is presently responsible for the public relations portion of the program and this transfer would only entail expansion of the branch within SAFOI responsible for this function.
2. This program could operate without the loss of its possible military and scientific value if conducted as follows:

- page 15 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text reads as follows:

a. The reports will by regulation be forwarded to SAFOJ for initial evaluation and storage. An officer with a technical background, and preferably with intelligence experience, will be assigned to this branch of SAFOJ charged with this responsibility and will conduct this initial evaluation.

b. Those reports which reach SAFOJ which give indication of having possible significance value or scientific possibilities will be forwarded to ATIC and/or ARDC for further evaluation and/or exploitation.

c. The conduct of the program in the field (investigations) will still be the responsibility of the Air Force bases. As the basis it will still be preferably the intelligence function which will be responsible for these investigations.

3. The advantages of this transfer are:
a. SAFOJ is familiar with the Aerial Phenomena program.
b. Reports will be evaluated immediately at the office responsible for public relations.
c. The reports which show promise of additional value, either from an intelligence and/or scientific viewpoint, will be forwarded to specialized agencies for further exploitation. Under this method of operation the number of reports which agencies such as ATIC and ARDC are required to handle would be cut to a minimum, allowing for more man-hours per report and consistent better analysis and evaluation.

d. The program will lose some of the aura of mystery which surrounds it due to its association with Intelligence.

e. ATIC will be free to apply man-hours, previously applied to the UFO project, to other programs more beneficial to the Air Force.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

f. ATIC prestige will lose the damaging effects which can be attributed to its association with a program so much in the public eye.
1. There are certain disadvantages associated with this change, the magnitude of which will decrease as the agencies concerned become familiar with the new method of operations.
2. The requirement for the office handling this program to establish the necessary security measures for handling classified intelligence reports.
3. It will be the responsibility of one individual not directly concerned with intelligence to determine which reports are of possible intelligence value.
4. Possibility of delay of reports with intelligence value getting into proper channels and the resulting delay in evaluation and dissemination of intelligence information.
5. The necessity for familiarizing sub-units of the Air Force with a new method of operating the Aerial Phenomena Program.
5. It has been pointed out that there would possibly be a lag in intelligence information finding its way into the proper channels. However, it should be immediately obvious that reports which originate from intelligence sources would remain primarily in intelligence channels with information copies of these reports, when deemed necessary due to their relation with the Aerial Phenomena Program, forwarded to the office in ATIC which handles the project. The program should suffer little from being several from an organization with a scientific and technical capability. The office within ATIC responsible for this program could request the services of any agency within the government complex, which has a scientific capability, when deemed necessary.

- page 17 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

OCR Output:

and/or technical capability, for assistance in the evaluation of these reports.

6. The officer presently conducting the program for ATIC is available for transfer along with the project. This officer is capable of performing the function spelled out in Par. 2a of this document.

7. ALLEN HYNEK, Astronomer, and Director of the Observatory at Northwestern University should be retained as the scientific consultant to this program. Dr. Hynek's experience with the aerial phenomena program spans the entire 12 years that the Air Force has conducted this program, and this experience would be invaluable to any future Air Force efforts in this area.

8. It is believed that this method of operating the Aerial Phenomena Program would be the most beneficial to the USAF. The long range aims are to eliminate this costly program completely as an Air Force responsibility. The first step, however, is to eliminate the most unproductive aspects of this program (file based and farfetched UFO reports) as a responsibility or intelligence.

9. If you concur with the recommendations of this letter, it is suggested that the necessary steps be taken to effect the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to SAFOI. (Draft of letter to M/Gen Leushner of SAFOI recommending the transfer is attached)

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report.

Here is the text from the document:

DRAFT ltr to M/Gen A. H. Luebernan Pr Ger Walsh
SUBJECT: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

1. In the fall of 1949, the USAF took official notice of reports of unidentified flying objects. Responsibility for the UFO project was assigned to the intelligence community.

2. The project, as established, was to determine if UFOs were hostile, and any possible scientific value, and to determine the nature of each of these objects. After 12 years and more than 5000 reports, the Air Force has not discovered any evidence which would indicate that UFOs are hostile or pose a security threat in any way.

3. In the absence of evidence to indicate a possible security threat, the scientific and public relations aspects of the program gained stature. It becomes obvious that with these new objectives the program's assignment to intelligence is no longer practical. Experience during the past 12 years has indicated that the program is more a public relations program than anything else. The few reports that may have intelligence and/or scientific and technical value have a tendency to become lost in the volume of UFO traffic. In an effort to overcome this shortcoming, it is my opinion that the aerial phenomena project should be assigned to SAFOI.

4. To prevent the loss of valuable information, intelligence, scientific, and/or technical, it is suggested that an individual with a technical and intelligence background be assigned to the branch of SAFOI which becomes responsible for the program. All reports which have indication of value in the intelligence and/or scientific areas would be routed to the appropriate agency for exploitation. The officer presently responsible for the program has had technical training and experience.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document page with text describing some details related to a program called "ATIC" and a proposal to transfer an "aerial phenomena program" to another organization called "SAFOT".

Conducting the program for ATIC is available for transfer along with the project. This officer is capable of performing the function spelled out in Par. 4 of this document.
5. It is suggested that Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Astrophysicist and Director of the Observatory at Northwestern University, be retained as the scientific consultant to the program. Dr. Hynek has performed in this capacity for ATIC since 1947, and his experience and "know how" would be invaluable to Air Force efforts in conducting the aerial phenomena program.
6. With your concurrence, I propose to initiate the action to transfer the aerial phenomena program to SAFOT.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing the "Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program" under the Air Force Chief of Staff (AFCIN).

The text in the document is as follows:

AFCIN-h
Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

AFCIN (Major General Walsh)

1. The USAF has determined that the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program, formerly conducted by AFOIN-4h, ATIC, is necessary. The conducting of this program has resulted in considerable expense, and it has failed to reveal any threat to national security and has failed to provide any scientific or technical data of value to the Air Force.

2. AFOIN-4h has reviewed the program. AFOIN has declined the transfer indicating that the data available is limited quantitatively only because of the volume of the material on hand. No scientific/technical value were to be exploited fully. It is believed that a world be large yield to the Air Force only as statistics, and as they relate to the public relations aspects of the program. The data obtained during the course of this project, however, are valuable to the Air Force only as statistics and as they relate to the public relations aspects of the program.

3. In view of the fact that this program, for the most part, deals with public relations and no scientific or technical solution of value is involved, the continuation of this program and this transfer would only entail expansion of the public relations functions.

4. This program could operate without the loss of its possible military scientific value.

5. The reports will be regulation be forwarded to AFOPI for ground evaluation and action as required. No publicity will be solicited in connection with this transfer of responsibility and this initial availability. 

6. Those reports which reach AFOPI which give indication of having possible intelligence value, or of potential scientific and technical exploitation, will be identified and handled in a manner appropriate to this initial evaluation.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

"1. The conduct of the program in the field (investigations) will still require responsibility of the Air Force Reports Section. This is because it will be found more convenient to have an agency responsible for these investigations.

2. The advantages of said transfer are:

a. SAFOI is familiar with the Aerial Phenomena Program.

b. SAFOI will be able to evaluate immediately at the office responsible for public relations.

c. SAFOI is in a better position to coordinate with ATIC information which, from an intelligence and/or scientific viewpoint, will be forwarded by specialists and/or other agencies. Under this arrangement, the 'high' security classifications which are required to handle would be cut to a minimum, allowing for more efficient and speedy analysis and review.

4. The program will lose some of the aura of mystery which surrounds it, but the ATIC will be free to apply man-hours, previously applied to the ATIC/SAFOI contact, to the Air Force.

a. ATIC prestige will lose the damaging effects which can be attributed to the association with a program so much in the public eye.

b. There are certain disadvantages associated with this change, the magnitude of which will decrease as the agencies concerned become familiar with the new trend of operations.

c. The requirement for the office handling this program to establish criteria, procedures, and to provide classified intelligence service will be the responsibility of one individual not directly concerned with intelligence value.

d. It will be the responsibility of one individual to determine which reports are of scientific intelligence value.

e. Possibility of delay of reports with intelligence value getting into proper channels and the resulting delay of evaluation and dissemination of intelligence information.

f. Necessity for installing sub-units of the Air Force with a new method of operating the Aerial Phenomena Program."

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text only.

AFOSR-132
Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

AFOSR-4 (V/Gen Doughty)
1. It is becoming clear a policy of producing the maximum of aerospace intelligence with a minimum expenditure of funds and utilization of manpower. AFOSR-4 December 1959, recommends the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena program (Project Blue Book) to the Air Technical Intelligence Center. It is pointed out at that time that after 12 years of experience ATIC has so far uncovered any objective evidence that UFOs are real or of extraterrestrial origin. It is my opinion that the data available is limited only to potential value to the United States Air Force was due to its scientific and/or technical interest. AFOSR after reviewing the program, is of the opinion that it only has potential scientific value to the United States Air Force was due to its scientific and/or technical interest. AFOSR after reviewing the program, is of the opinion that it only has potential scientific value and therefore of limited scientific value. It is my opinion that this data available is limited only because of the volume of material to continue meeting the USAF obligations to this program and also to initiate any other scientific program. It is undesirable that the Aerial Phenomena program be continued to the Air Technical Intelligence Center.

2. If you concur with these suggestions, it is recommended that the Director of the attached letter be established and forwarded to AFIN.

PHILIP G. EVANS
COLONEL, USAF
AFOSR-4

1. Atch:
Ltr to Gen Walsh
ATCH

COORDINATION:
RNSlang SC 26 JAN 60

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

5. It has been pointed out that there would possibly be a gap in intelligence information finding it very much into the proper channels. However, it is shouted that experience which originates channels through which certain information is obtained with information copies of these reports, when desired channels are to be informed, may have general weaknesses from being connected out of channels which HAVE with the government complex, which has a scientific end/or technical capability of the evaluation of these reports.

6. The offices presently conducting the program for ATIC is available for any person that has a request for information in this area. They are to summarize this program to any properly accredited officers in complete or per-paragraph manner.

7. Dr. J. Allen Hynek's investigations and Director of the Observatory are auxiliary consultant to this program. The Hynek's experience with the handling of the Air Force has been invaluable to any future Air Force efforts in this area.

8. The Aerial Phenomena Program would be of the most beneficial to the USAF. The Aerial Phenomena Program would be a most welcome adjunct to the Air Force. This program should be an Air Force program, since it primarily as an Air Force activities and operations which would be invaluable to many branches of the Government.

9. If you concur with the recommendations of this letter, it is suggestive that the necessary steps be taken to effect the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to SAFOI.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text discussing a "Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program".

REPLY TO
ASTN OP (MAJOR GENERAL WALSH)
SUBJECT: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

TO: SAFOI (MAJOR GENERAL A. H. LUEHMAN)

1. Is the fall of 1957, the USAF took official notice of the public interest in unidentified flying objects. Responsibility for the USAF project on unidentified flying objects, as established, was to determine if UFO's were hostile, if any were scientifically valid, and to determine the causes of any that might be observational errors or hallucinations.

2. The project, as established, was to determine if UFO's were hostile, if any were scientifically valid, and to determine the causes of any that might be observational errors or hallucinations. Some 5000 reports were received annually, but the Air Force has not discovered any evidence which will lead to the conclusion that these reports reveal a threat in any way.

3. In the absence of evidence to indicate a possible security threat or lack of technical intelligence, it becomes obvious that with these few objectives gained the USAF project on unidentified flying objects is no longer needed. The project appears to be more a public relations program than an intelligence activity.

4. To prevent the loss of valuable information, intelligence, scientific, and/or technical, it is suggested that an individual with a technical background in astronomy and geology at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory be recruited to this project to review the reports which have indication of value in the intelligence and/or scientific disciplines. The individual so selected should be thoroughly briefed in the procedures used by the ATIC to acquaint him with the information available for transfer along with the project. This will insure the continuity of the program.

5. It is suggested that Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Astrophysicist and Director of the Observatory at Northwestern University, be retained to assist in the review of the data and insure the continuity of the project.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report.

as the scientific consultant to the progran, Dr Hynek has performed in this capacity for ATIC since 1949, and his experience and know how would be invaluable to Air Force efforts in con-
ducting this aerial phenomena program.
I. with your concurrence, I propose to initiate the action to transfer the aerial phenomena program to ATIC.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from the Project Blue Book UFO report program.

AFCIN-3D:
Transfer of USAP Aerial Phenomena Program

AFCIN-3C (V/Gen Doughty):
1. In keeping with a policy of producing the maximum of aerospace intelligence production, a data analysis organization on a continuing basis. Establishment of an Air Force aerial phenomena program to Air Research and Development Command. It was pointed out at that time that this program was but part of the overall experience and it has yet to be coordinated with the air intelligence requirements of the national security. It was further pointed out that the UFO program's relative and continuing value established the Air Force was due to its ability to collect, evaluate and utilize the data available. It is my opinion that the transfer indicating that the data available was not qualified, relative and insignificant, is incorrect. This is in my opinion that any degradation of UFO traffic required to be handled by this organization. In an effort to improve the organization's responsibility this program, when closed, the data and information of the "Aerial Phenomena Program" to be transferred to SAFOI. The attached draft of a letter to General O'Donnell indicates the benefits which might be derived.

Sir, if you concur with these suggestions, it is recommended that the draft of the attached letter be authenticated and forwarded to AFCIN.

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-3D

Attachment:
Refer it to Gen Walsh

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

The text in the document is as follows:

DRAFT Ltr to Gen Walsh fr M/Gen Dougher
SUBJ: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

1. During December 1959, a study was conducted by AFCIN-4E, ATIC, recommending the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to the Air Research and Development Command. It was pointed out that 12 years experience with the UFO program had failed to reveal any threat to national security, and that any value from the program would be derived from exploitation of its scientific and technical aspects. After review of the program, ARDC declined the transfer indicating the data available was not qualitative and therefore was of limited scientific value. It is the opinion of ATIC that the data available is limited qualitatively only because of the volume of UFO traffic required to be handled by this organization. If the cases which give indication of possessing scientific and/or technical value were to be exploited fully, it is believed that they would be of benefit to the USAP. It was further pointed out in the study, and by ARDC, that the great majority of these cases are valuable to the Air Force only as statistics and as they relate to the public relations aspects of the program. The Air Force must continue its responsibility for operation of this program; however, in view of the fact that this program, for the most part, deals with public relations, it is suggested that it be transferred to SAFOI. SAFOI is presently responsible for the public relations portion of the program and this transfer would only entail expansion of the branch within SAFOI responsible for this function.

2. This program could operate without the loss of its possible military and scientific value if conducted as follows:
a. The reports will be forwarded to SAFOI for initial evaluation and storage. An officer with a technical background, and preferably with intelligence experience, will be assigned to that branch of SAFOI charged with this responsibility and will conduct this initial evaluation.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

Those reports which reach SAFOI which give indication of having possible intelligence value or scientific and technical possibilities will be forwarded to AFCIN and/or ARDC for further evaluation and/or exploitation.
The conduct of the program in the field (investigations) will still be the responsibility of the Air Force bases. At the bases it will still be preferable the intelligence function which will be responsible for these investigations.
The advantages of this transfer are: 
a. SAFOI is familiar with the Aerial Phenomena Program.
b. Reports will be evaluated immediately at the office responsible for public relations.
c. The number of reports which show promise of additional value either as intelligence and/or scientific viewpoint will be cut to a minimum, thereby allowing specializing agencies to devote more man hours per report.
d. The program will lose some of the aura of mystery which surrounds it due to the association with intelligence.
e. ATIC will be free to apply more hours, previously applied to the program, to other programs more beneficial to the Air Force.
f. ATIC realise will still get the demands which can be attributed to its association with a program so much in the public eye.
g. There are certain disadvantages associated with this change, the magnitude of which will decrease as the demands concerned become familiar with the new method of operations.
h. The requirement for the office handling this program to establish the necessary security measures for handling classified intelligence reports. It will be the responsibility of one individual not directly concerned with intelligence to determine which reports are of possible intelligence value.

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, discussing various issues related to the Aerial Phenomena Program.

TEXT OUTPUT:

6. Possibility of delay of reports with intelligence value getting into proper channels and the resulting delay of evaluation and dissemination of intelligence information.

4. The necessity for familiarizing sub-units of the Air Force with a new method of operating the Aerial Phenomena Program. 

5. It has been pointed out that there would possibly be a lag in intelligence information finding its way into the proper channels. However, it should be immediately obvious that reports which originate from intelligence sources would remain primarily in intelligence channels with information copies of these reports, when deemed necessary due to their relation with the Aerial Phenomena Program, forwarded to the offices which handles the project.

The program should suffer little from being severed from an organization with a scientific and technical capability. The office within SAFOI responsible for this program could request the services of any agency within the government complex, which has a scientific and/or technical capability, for assistance in the evaluation of these reports.

6. It is believed that this method of operating the Aerial Phenomena Program would be the most beneficial to the USAF. The long-range aims are to eliminate this costly program completely as an Air Force responsibility. The first step, however, is to establish the proper procedures for this program (i.e. have a standard method for obtaining, processing, and reporting UPO reports) as a responsibility of intelligence.

7. If you concur with the recommendations of this letter, it is suggested that the necessary steps be taken to effect the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to SAFOI. (Draft of letter to HQ USAF recommending the transfer is attached.)

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a page of typed text from an old report document.

DRAFT of ltr to Mgen A. H. Luehman fr Gen w h
SUBJ: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program
1. In the fall of 1947, the USAF took official notice of reports of
unidentified flying objects. Responsibility for the UFO project was
assigned to the intelligence community.
2. The project, as established, was to determine if UFO's were hostile,
had any positive scientific value, and to determine the nature of each of
these objects. After 12 years and more than 5000 reports, the Air Force
has not discovered any evidence which would indicate that UFO's are
hostile or pose a security threat in any way.
3. In the absence of evidence to indicate a possible security threat the
scientific and public relations aspects of the program gained stature. It
became obvious that with these new objectives the program that its
assignment to intelligence is no longer practical. Experience during the
same 12 years has indicated that the program is more a public relations
program than anything else. The few reports that may have intelligence
and/or scientific and technical value have a tendency to become lost in
the volumes of UFO traffic. In an effort to overcome this shortcoming,
it is my opinion that the aerial phenomena project should be assigned
to SAFOI.
4. To prevent the loss of valuable information, intelligence, scientific,
and/or technical, it is suggested that an individual with a technical and
intelligence background be assigned to the branch or SAFOI which becomes
responsible for the program. All reports which have indication of value
in the intelligence and/or scientific areas would be routed to the appropriate agency for exploitation.
5. With your concurrence, I propose to initiate the action to transfer
the Aerial Phenomena Program to SAFOI.

- page 31 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph, but rather a document page from Project Blue Book. The text in the document discusses the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to the Air Research and Development Command, and provides details on the evaluation of the program, including the recommendation to transfer the program to SAFOI due to the volume of UFO traffic requiring handling.

D R A F T LTR TO GEN WALSH FR /GEN DOUGHER  
SUBJECT: TRANSFER OF USAF AERIAL PHENOMENA PROGRAM  

1. During December 1959, a study was conducted by AFCIN-IE, ATIC, recommending the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to the Air Research and Development Command. It was pointed out that 12 years' experience with the UFO program had failed to reveal any threat to national security, and that any value from the program would be derived from exploitation of its scientific and technical aspects. After review of the program, ARDC declined the transfer indicating the data available was not qualitative and therefore was of limited scientific value. It is the opinion of ATIC that the data available is limited quantitatively only because of the volume of UFO traffic required to be handled by this organization. If the cases which give indication of possessing scientific and/or technical value were to be exploited fully, it is believed that they would be of benefit to the USAF. It was further pointed out in the study, and by ARDC, that the great majority of these cases are valuable to the Air Force only as they relate to the public relations aspects of the program. The Air Force must continue its responsibility for operation of this project; however, in view of the fact that this program, for the most part, deals with public relations, it is suggested that it be transferred to SAFOI. SAFOI is presently responsible for the public relations portion of the program and this transfer would only entail expansion of the branch within SAFOI responsible for this function.  

2. This program could operate without the loss of its possible military and scientific value if conducted as follows:

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports and investigations conducted by the United States Air Force.

The text in the document can be transcribed as follows:

a. The reports will by regulation be forwarded to SAFOI for initial evaluation and storage. An officer with a technical background, and preferably with intelligence experience, will be assigned to that branch of SAFOI charged with this responsibility and will conduct this initial evaluation.

b. These reports which reach SAFOI which give indication of having possible intelligence value or scientific and technical possibilities will be forwarded to AFCIN and/or ARDC for further evaluation and/or exploitation.

c. The conduct of the program in the field (investigations) will still be the responsibility of the Air Force bases. At the bases it will still be preferably the intelligence function which will be responsible for these investigations.

3. The advantages of this transfer area:

a. SAFOI is familiar with the Aerial Phenomena Program.
b. Reports will be evaluated immediately at the office responsible for liaison relations.
c. The reports which show promise of additional value, either from an intelligence and/or scientific viewpoint, will be forwarded to specialized agencies for further exploitation. Those agencies are operating the method of operation the nature of reports which agencies such as ATIC and ARDC are required to handle would be cut to a minimum, allowing for more man-hours per report and consequently better analysis and evaluation.
d. The program will lose some of the aura of mystery which surrounds it due to its association with intelligence.
e. ATIC will be free to apply man-hours, previously applied to the UFO project, to other program more beneficial to the Air Force.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document containing text related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text in the document is as follows:

f. ATIC prestige will lose the damaging effects which can be attributed to its association with a program so much in the public eye. 
a. There are certain disadvantages associated with this change. the 
magnitude of which will decrease as the agencies concerned become familiar with the new method of operation?
b. The requirement for the office handling this program to establish the necessary security measures for handling classified intelligence reports. 
c. It will be the responsibility of one individual not directly concerned with intelligence to determine which reports are of possible intelligence value. 
d. Possibility of delay of reports with intelligence value getting into proper channels and the resulting delay of evaluation and dissemination of intelligence information. 
e. The necessity for familiarizing sub-units of the Air Force with a new method of operating the aerial phenomena program.
5. It has been pointed out that there would possibly be a lag in intelligence information finding its way into the proper channels. However, it should be immediately obvious that reports which originate from intelligence sources would remain primarily in intelligence channels with information copies of these reports, when deemed necessary due to their relation with the aerial phenomena program, forwarded to the office in SAFOI which handles the project. The program should suffer little from being severed from an organization with a scientific and technical capability. The office within SAFOI responsible for this program could request the services of any agency within the government complex, which has a scientific capability, to assist in the analysis and evaluation of reports when deemed necessary.

- page 34 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

and/or technical capability, for assistance in the evaluation of these reports.

6. The officer presently conducting the program for ATIC is available for transfer along with the project. This officer is capable of performing the function spelled out in Par. 2a of this document.

7. Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Astrophysicist and Director of the Observatory at Northwestern University should be retained as the scientific consultant to this program. Dr. Hynek's experience with the aerial phenomena program spans the entire 12 years that the Air Force has continued this program, and this experience would be invaluable to any future Air Force efforts in this area.

8. It is believed that this method of operating the Aerial Phenomena Program would be the most beneficial to the USAF. The long range aims are to eliminate this costly program completely as an Air Force responsibility; however, to eliminate the most unproductive aspects of this program (i.e. mass and motion variety UFO reports) as a responsibility of intelligence.

9. If you concur with the recommendations of this letter, it is suggested that the necessary steps be taken to effect the transfer of the Aerial Phenomena Program to SAFOI. (Draft of letter to W/Gen Luehman of SAFOI recommending the transfer is attached)

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document discussing the transfer of the USAF Aerial Phenomena Program.

OCR Text:

DRAFT Ltr to M/Gen A. H. Luehman fr Gen Walsh 
SUBJECT: Transfer of USAF Aerial Phenomena Program

1. In the fall of 1947, the USAF took official notice of reports of unidentified flying objects. Responsibility for the UFO project was assigned to the intelligence community.

2. The project, as established, was to determine if UFO's were hostile, had any possible scientific value, and to determine the nature of each of these objects. After 12 years and more than 5000 reports, the Air Force has not discovered any evidence which would indicate that UFO's are inimical or pose a security threat in any way.

3. In the absence of evidence to indicate a possible security threat, the scientific and public relations aspects of the program gained stature. It becomes obvious that while these new objectives the program's assignment to intelligence is no longer warranted. Experience during the past 12 years has indicated that the program is more a public relations program than anything else and/or scientific and technical values have a tendency to become lost in the volume of UFO traffic. In an effort to overcome this shortcoming, it is my opinion that the aerial phenomena project should be assigned to SAFOI.

4. To prevent the loss of valuable information, intelligence, scientific, and/or technical data, it is recommended that an individual with a technical and/or intelligence background be assigned to the branch of SAFOI which becomes responsible for the program. All reports which have indication of value in the intelligence and/or scientific areas would be routed to the appropriate agency for exploitation. The officer investigating the reports would not be in a position to pass judgement on the merits of the reports.

- page 36 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text extracted from the document:

Conducting the program for ATIC is available for transfer along with the project. This officer is capable of performing the function spelled out in Par. 2a of this document.

It is suggested that Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Astrophysicist and Director of the Observatory at Northwestern University, be retained as the scientific consultant to the program. Dr. Hynek has performed in this capacity for ATIC since 1947, and his experience and "know how" would be invaluable to Air Force efforts in conducting the aerial phenomena program.

With your concurrence, I propose to initiate the action to transfer the aerial phenomena program to SAFOI.

- page 37 -

