The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 23 Jun 59
2. LOCATION: Irondequoit, New York
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2353
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D Air-Visual
5. DURATION: 30 min.
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 min.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: No movement
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Sighted white bubble in center. No sound. Object appeared to remain stationary.
11. COMMENTS: The conclusion was reached that the cause of the sighting is the close similarity to an undescribed phenomena involving reflecting radar waves, which does not account for the reported visual sighting or the reported duration. The case is listed as inconclusive mainly because the official data available do not account precisely for the phenomena described.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book report or document.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound The object was silent, there was no sound
b. Color The object was a little like a slightly bluish white bubble or spere. 
17. Draw a picture that will show the size and shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and show the direction from which you saw the object.
The sketch shows a white, bubble-like object with a tapered tail or appendage extending from the north side, traveling east.
18. The edges of the object appeared: 
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
   b. Like a solid object
   c. Sharply defined
   d. Don't remember
19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
The witness states there was only one object.

Text OCR output:
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Silent, no sound
b. Color A little like a slightly bluish white bubble or spere.
17. Draw a picture that will show the size and shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and show the direction from which you saw the object.
[A sketch is shown depicting a white, bubble-like object with a tapered tail or appendage extending from the north side, traveling east.]
18. The edges of the object appeared:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a solid object
c. Sharply defined 
d. Don't remember
19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Only one object.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text and some diagrams.

20. Describe the path of the object: From the beginning of the path, a 6" or the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

I can give a very rapid motion is concerned, it was the object seemed to dart upwards toward the northern sky and other indistinct it turn and bank.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects: held in the hand

(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Nickel 
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.):
a. Very sure
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure 
d. Uncertain

23. How would you describe the speed of the object? Slow, fast, etc.

Extremely rapid and zigzagging.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you would entertain the possibility of what you would actually see or think was seen, if such a thing as a flying object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. Describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when seen would give about the same impression as the object you saw.

I believe the object which I saw was a meteor or a similar celestial phenomenon. The extremely rapid motion and twisting course of the object is characteristic of meteors entering the earth's atmosphere. Moreover, the object gave off no light, sound or smoke, and did not appear to be under any sort of control. Rather, it seemed to be traveling at tremendous speed under the influence of momentum and gravity alone. I have seen many meteors in the past, and the appearance and behavior of this object was quite typical of such celestial phenomena. I would describe it as a small, dark, rapidly moving object traversing the sky in an irregular path before disappearing from view. While it is possible that this was some sort of unidentified flying object, I believe the available evidence strongly suggests a natural, astronomical explanation.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One:)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. On an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Watching for Skywriting which I noticed went under the object and seemed to disappear.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
28.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and South. (Give estimate of elevation)
31.1 When it first appeared: Came across from slight lower than horizon elevation 
31.2 When it disappeared: object came out of the West rising upward out of sight

- page 4 -

The image contains two sketches, but no photographs. 

The text output from the document is as follows:

In the following sketch, imagine that you drew the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

This object did not seem to show any form of navigation lights, and remained at a distance and height unchanged throughout the observation.

In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and responses filled out by hand.

CLOUDS (Circle One) Covered sky, broken clouds
WIND (Circle One) 3. No wind
WEATHER (Circle One) b. Dry, mist, or light rain
TEMPERATURE (Circle One) c. Cool

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? I did not report it to any official.

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One) Yes
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Redacted]

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones? [Handwritten response]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? [Handwritten response]

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a government program that investigated UFO sightings.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? From a standstill to more than 800 mph.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 500 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: (Redacted) FIRST NAME: (Redacted) MIDDLE INITIAL: (Redacted)
ADDRESS: (Redacted) 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: (Redacted)
What is your present job? Chemical Marine Inspector
Age: 35 Sex: MALE

Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College: 3 yrs Buffalo College.
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: September (Redacted) 1959

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, specifically a "SUMMARY DATA" form.

Transcribed text from the document:

"In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following guidelines in preparing your statements. Make use of any additional past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

Genevieve Peppe - September 8, 1959

Description: I was monitoring the movements of a bright object in the sky. It would appear and disappear, and they seem to be alternately rising and falling in vertical motion. It sometimes would stand still and then move very rapidly to another point in the sky. The object was a bright, silver-colored, circular shaped object and emitted no visible tail or exhaust. The entire maneuver lasted approximately 1 hour from the time I first noticed it until it finally disappeared from view. I called several neighbors to witness the object but it disappeared before they could see it. No sound was audible from the object. The sky was clear and visibility was excellent."

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Here is the OCR text from the document:

I am still amazed at the shape that this object presented. It seemed to change shape and color as it moved along. At one time it was round, then it would change to the shape of an egg, then to a crescent, then to a cigar shape. The color would change from bright white to reddish orange to bluish green. It never hovered or stopped. It just kept moving at a terrific speed, disappearing in a matter of seconds. I can't understand why it was not picked up on radar. The officers stationed at the Air Base said they had no unusual radar contacts that night. I was so excited I could hardly take notes, but I tried to put down as much detail as I could remember. I would welcome the opportunity to discuss this matter further with your investigators. Please let me know if you have any other questions.
(Name and address redacted)

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

Major R.S. Tooley 
Information Services U.S.A.F.
Room 4C-916 Wash. 25, D.C.

Dear Sir:

After considerable thought, I decided to drop you a line in regard to an incident which occurred in Irondequoit, New York, on January 8th, 1959.

This "incident" (a simulated invasion) which took place on the beaches of Lake Ontario on a balcony of Beau Arts Restaurant, lasted in my yard for about 10 minutes. I assumed that jets were in the area (day were) and that which my gas 30 binoculars revealed were a number of "flying wings" remaining stationary for some time, could have been (far) distant and become indistinct in looking for more, when there appeared a saucer-shaped head object hovering rapidly out in an easterly direction, disappearing in the clear sky.

I was satisfied and become bewildered in looking for more, when there appeared a saucer-shaped object hovering rapidly out in an easterly direction, disappearing in the clear sky.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

Transcription of the text:

of the north. Immediately put my glasses on the object and it became greatly enlarged at the same time. I could see the distance between where it was and where I was. The two things which are very difficult to understand are the fact, number one, the object made no noise and went so fast none had my glasses on had no mind to take and none had my glasses on had no mind to take and more than two, the shape of the object left me wandering of a scene behind the time in knowing my very exciting story perhaps lost a great deal in the telling.) the shape was roughly a greater o o o moon with a pile or pole trailing off the trailing edge of the object would it. theory probably a natural was around while done or something have never seen anything in may life equal to this. I have never seen anything in my life equal to this.

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text that appears to be an excerpt from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:
and so obviously silent. I am a late night person, fond of star gazing from my back yard during the short periods of mild weather. I have a large telescope and I am very much interested in this disappearance of a direct observation. I noticed after turning on the porch light to see if it would make any difference and then this seem to say when a first silent, quick, grapy observation and very rapid movement closed in on it. This seem to say so. The drawing and disappearance behind some trees which I fell into view. The man in the next house to me was apparently looking at the light source and I at the direction of the motion by the light source. This lasted some 10 seconds to the 30 seconds and the direct movement. I am somewhat disturbed by this incident yet I feel it is an observation well worth reporting. The witness is a highly educated man of fair to wide experience in the technical field of an electronics and I believe to be an individual of good credibility when it comes to object. The apparent size of the glowing object was that of a small high compass and it moved rapidly at right angles to the direction of the movement of the object. The apparent speed was from 500 to 1,200 miles per hour. As to the color being a pale blue (pale green or white). There was no noise and only with no feeling of acceleration. The object disappeared behind some trees and was not seen again.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing handwritten text.

Color remained a brownish black and the object was described as the size of a basketball when nearest the observer. It exhibited no sound and no trail. His impression was that it was a solid metallic object, possibly elliptical in shape. He felt it was definitely not an aircraft or anything he had seen before. He could not estimate its altitude or speed from the brief observation but it appeared to be traveling at a moderate speed. The object was observed for about 8-10 seconds before it went out of sight. The informant said he has seen numerous aircraft and this did not resemble any of them. He felt it merited investigation by proper authorities. He does not recall seeing the object in the sky again.

- page 13 -

The image contains a photograph depicting a diagram or illustration related to a UFO report. The diagram includes a crescent-shaped object in the sky, along with some trees or other vegetation and what appears to be a person on a bicycle or similar vehicle at the bottom.

Text extracted from the document:

1.
2.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

2 September 1959

Dear Mr. [Redacted],

This is to acknowledge your undated letter concerning an Unidentified Flying Object you sighted recently near Lake Ontario.

Your letter contained insufficient data to allow a valid conclusion. Therefore request you complete the enclosed AF Form 112 (Defense Intelligence Information Report) and forward it to the Intelligence Division, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, for analysis and evaluation. 

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. [Redacted]
Rochester 9, New York

Coverpack 13-34
Reader 13-1

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet, which is a questionnaire that seems to be used to gather information about a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object which you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, without your permission.

1. When did you see the object? 9/7/59   Day   Month  Year

2. Time of day: 12:15 a.m.  Minutes  (Circle One): A.M.  or  P.M.

3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern  b. Central  c. Mountain  d. Pacific  e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? OUTSIDE on SHORE of LAKE ONTARIO, IRONDEQUOIT, NEW YORK, APPROX. 5 MILES EAST OF ROCHESTER.

5. Estimate how long you saw the object. ABOUT 15-20 SECONDS

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to 5.
a. Certain  b. Fairly certain  c. Not very sure  d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight  b. Dull daylight  c. Twilight  d. Just a trace of daylight  e. Don't remember

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you  b. In back of you  c. To your right  d. To your left  e. Overhead

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notlce concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?: (Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several miles away?, c. A block away?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't Know, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't Know, c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't Know, d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't Know, e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't Know, f. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes / No / Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: _____________________________________________________________________

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: _____________________________________________________________________

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid? b. Transparent?

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Yes / No) a. Binoculars, b. Sun glasses, c. Wind shield, d. Telescope, e. Other glasses

- page 17 -

