The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 3 July 52
2. LOCATION: New Guinea
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local - Evening
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 minute
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: Vertical
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Bright white light, while hovering, appeared to have man moving about on top. Varied erratic maneuvering indicating one RT for landing.
11. COMMENTS: The reporting officer indicates the possibility of the planets Jupiter, Saturn, and Mars being responsible for the sighting, and the conditions at the time were probably responsible for things & other characteristics.

- page 1 -

There is a photograph present in the image. The image appears to be from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
Air Attack, AUSTRAIIA
1,403,022
PAGE        9
 OF       15

Appearances of men at 7:00 p.m.
1 & 2

Appearances of men and light shaft at 7:10 p.m.
1,3,4 & 2 (in that order)

Appearances of men 1 & 2 and light shaft at 7:12 p.m.

This paper drawn up and signed by chief observers at 7:30 p.m. June 26, 1959.

Mt. Nuanua             Mt. Pudi
Distance from Mt. Pudi to coast 4-5 miles.

Positions of UFO's observed from Nicoma Station at 8:28 p.m. and 9:15 p.m. June 26, 1959. Signed.

WEATHER: VARIABLE SKY - SCATTERED CLOUDS TO CLEAR AT FIRST BECOMING OVERCAST AFTER 10:10 P.M.
APPROX. HEIGHT OF CLOUDS - 2000 FT.

NOTE: This determined by relationship of clouds to highest point visible -approximately 2000 ft. above sea level. A light haze had formed below 2,000 ft.

The first sighting over the sea seemed not more than 500 ft. above the water.

Size of UFO "A" (across) (as appeared) Full HAND-SPAN at arm's length (6 inches)
Color: Dull yellow (perhaps pale orange) except for a bright center, very bright when close.

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794. The transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.

- page 2 -

The image contains a rough sketch of a UFO as observed between 5:35 p.m. and 7:22 p.m. on Friday, June 26, 1959. The sketch shows details of the UFO, including the color and size. The text also describes the observed movement and characteristics of the UFO.

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
REPORT NO.  1,403,022                                     PAGE  19     OF  19  PAGES
Air Attache, AUSTRALIA:

A rough sketch of UFO as observed between 5:35 p.m. and 7:22 p.m. by 38 witnesses at Boulia, Q.P.S. & N.G.., Friday June 26, 1959. A bright blue light appeared in the sky at 5:35 p.m. and moved away at great speed. At 5:40 the color changed from bright blue to deep red, then to deep green. This object was clearly visible and readily identifiable as a production of UFO which was clearly visible and readily identifiable as a production of UFO which was clearly visible.

Signed: Schoolboy

Color
Same as "A"

NOTE "B" had 5 panels
of bright
"windows"
on near edge.

Four of the five UFO's seen in the sky at the one time between 5:25 p.m. and 9:15 p.m. (as they appeared) "P" was directly overhead.

U.P.O. DATA BOTANAEI

Large UFO first sighted by a number of people at 6 p.m. in an apparently same position as the first one, and several others and we stood in the driving rain for the following 15 minutes. We watched figures appear on top - four of them - no doubt that last night a smaller one was over the hills. Another overhead. On the large one two of the figures bending over and raising their arms as though adjusting or testing something. One figure seemed to be adjusting looking down, as (a group of about a dozen). I stretched my arm above my head and waved to our mysterious visitors.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on a UFO sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

AIR ATTACHE, AUSTRALIA

This page contains a detailed account of a UFO sighting that occurred on June 28, 1959 near the Mission House in New Guinea. The text describes the sighting of various UFO-like phenomena, including a "UFO" that was observed for several minutes, making various maneuvering motions before disappearing. The report includes specific timings and observations made by the witnesses. There is no photograph included in this particular document.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. 

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
REPORT NO. 1-101-022

11:20 p.m. A sharp metallic and loud bang on Mission House roof as though metal detached dropped in slight weight. Some more objects down roof slope afterwards. Outside 4 UFO's in circular formation. All high.
11:30 p.m. To bed and UFO's still there.

Monday - June 29, 1959
A.M. Roof examined. No apparent sign of mark or dent, which one might expect after last night's noise.

Botany
June 30, 1959

Dear Sirs,
Have been having further experiences nightly with UFO - counted
1 large and 7 small over Saturday night,
1 large and 2 small Sunday night,
1 large and 4 small Monday night.

Hallo, it is or not exchanged hand signals
(before dark Saturday) with the occupants of the "mother" ship a little after
5 p.m. There are 4 small ships or objects the occupants of "mother" ship four men. Assuming that
men are the same size as average of earth. I have worked out size of the ship - roughly 85 ft.
Distance of operation, therefore, as we have sighted, have been, at highest altitude 2,500 feet; Nearest altitude 400 feet.

That's all for now, must away on patrol.
Yours,

P.S. No "human" activity has yet been observed on smaller UFO's, which seem
to be disks rather than saucers.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
Date., Monday 6th July, 1959

At about 8:40 p.m. I noticed a white glow through the cloud, similar to that caused by the moon. Position - North West - a few degrees above Guinea Point (the Point is about 3 miles from the College).

The glow changed to a brilliant spot of white light. It descended and moved a little to the South. The brilliant dance lasted for about 5 minutes.

After 5 minutes it glowed again brilliantly and moved in a circular motion (see sketch) anticlockwise. Then it moved further south and down until it became a point of light at 9:05 p.m.

Through the binoculars I noticed it to be orange in color and shaped like a disc.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. However, it does contain a handwritten diagram or sketch labeled "Guananna Point.", which appears to be a visual representation of the described UFO sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
Air Attache, AUSTRALIA
1,403,022 
PAGE 13 OF 13 PAGES  
This was observed by Mrs. ______ Rev. ______ and more than ten college men.
Movement: Guananna Point.
PAPER SIGNED BY MAJORITY OF WITNESSES AT 7:45 p.m. - June 20, 1959
Signatures of Witnesses of UFO Observed on the night of 26th June, 1959 at Boiana, Papua
 - Teacher
 - Teacher
 - Teacher
 - Medical Assistant
 - Medical Assistant
 - Teacher
 - Teacher
APPENDIX TO REPORT

Dogura, 9th July 1959
Last night I went out of my house between 11:30 and midnight and saw a bright beam of light shining across the sea near the shore and parallel to the beach.
The light was white and it lit up waves of the sea. I thought it was coming from a boat and so I returned to the house. I heard no noise.
Signed:             - Teacher, Dogura

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. 

OCR Output:
UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
Air Attache, AUSTRALIA
1,403,022 | PAGE 14 or 15 PAGES
NOTE:
1. It is reported that the informant, ___, was dazzled by a bright white light
in the night of July 6th (about midnight).
No personal statement has been taken from him by me.
_____ lives on the beach below Dogura Plateau. It is said that he described the light as originating in the direction of Gunanaba Point and that
it lit up the coast line beyond Wedau.
The boat Kekaha (?) was at Wedau wharf on the evening of July 6th. If this information is correct, it would be worth checking on the movements and possible sighting of that boat than. Gunanaba Point is roughly 4 miles west of Wedau
wharf.
3. The following is an evaluation of the foregoing information by a local
interested source:
REPORT ON THE INVESTIGATION OF UFO ACTIVITY IN THE DOLANAI AREA - NEW GUINEA
4. On Tuesday, 29th December 1959 I visited the area at Dolanai, Victoria, and discussed alleged UFO activities in the
area of Dolanai, New Guinea.
5. The informant, Mr ___, is a young married man. He is obviously
well-educated and has had considerable experience as a missionary/teacher in
New Guinea. He related that until June 1959 he had not considered (UFO)
experiences on the local airstrip at Dolanai to be very important. However,
there were, in fact, UFO sightings and activities there which he claimed could not be explained by normal means. He added that he would be prepared to accept any logical explanation for the phenomena. He claimed that the report was made public by his superior in Dogura. Further, he
implied that the presses and files in Dogura government offices had distorted some of
the facts.
Previous Experience of UFO's: Mr ___ stated that UFO's have been
seen regularly in the Dogura/Dolanai area over a long period and that a number
of the local population, including government officials, professional men and
missionaries, were taking an active interest in them. The first occasion that
interested him directly as a result of a strange operation in the area was in
March/April 1959 when he and some of his friends saw unassailable evidences of
lights travelling at high speed and at high altitude. One of these lights
was said to interrupt its high-speed and high-altitude motion, and its manoeuvre was witnessed by several local inhabitants. These lights appeared to switch from one position to another with remarkable rapidity.
d. Sightings of June/July 1959: Prior to the first sightings by the
informant, there had been at least three reported sightings of a strange, bright,
solitary light in the sky on the evening of the 21st June. Subsequently, over
a period of approximately two weeks, there were observed a series of bright
lights in various sections of the sky in the vicinity of his mission station.
These lights were also seen by a number of his mission staff (refer to copy
attached).

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a "Supplement to AF Form 112" dated 1959-06-8406927, relating to a UFO sighting in New Guinea.

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

Air Attache, AUSTRALIA
1,403,022

On the night of the 26th June the largest of the bright lights had projections along the upper side which appeared to be human forms. Although the movements which accompanied the sighting were unusual, it was impossible to determine if they were caused by the party of observers who concluded that they must be humans. The time of the sighting was variable for take photographs because of the film at the time of the sighting.

Comments:
A. Many of the white and native population of the area have been seeing bright lights which travel at great speed for some considerable time and are convinced of the existence of flying saucers.
B. Probably the constant light and the intermittent light observed in November 1958 were the USSR and US Satellites. The lights seen by the party on Mount Hagen, in March 1959, could well have been a flight from the setting sun reflected on the hazy atmosphere.
C. Although the July incident could be regarded as a reliable observer, it seems that natural phenomena colored by past events and the subconscious influences of the weather may cloud and unsettle with light a number of persons. Although it is not possible to draw any firm conclusion as to the nature of the visual impression, the planets Saturn and Mars, light reflection, the changing position of the planet relative to the observer, and cloud movement would give the impression of a size and rapid movement. In addition, varying cloud densities could account for the human shapes and their sudden disappearance.
4. COMMENTS of Reporting Officer. The villagers of Boianai and Wewan are located at 10 .36' S - 149 .40'E and 10 .01'E respectively.
This office concurs with the conclusions drawn in paragraph H above.
It may be interesting to note that the Minister for Air recently received an inquiry from Major J., regarding the National Investigating Committee on Aerial Phenomena, regarding the report and requesting he be furnished a copy. This is taking up the matter with the USAF, who have indicated they are unwilling to release the report directly to civilian organizations.
For information concerning the sightings. Our message C-1609, 3 December 1959 and AGFIR-C site 6-10 31 December 1959 contained information upon which reply was based.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a RAAF (Royal Australian Air Force) statement on UFO sightings.

RAAF Statement on GH Sightings
Representative -: of GH, Australia, has forwarded a copy of a letter from Squadron Leader X, RAAF, to the Directorate of Air Force Intelligence in London, concerning information to the G. Sightings (APRU Division). The letter of 22 February "Dear Sir: Thank you for your letter of the 5th January containing information about the sighting (APRU)..."
The report concludes that the phenomena observed are still under investigation, and copies of the findings have been submitted to proper authorities. As requested in our letter of 28th November, the matter is still under investigation.
Reports are not releasable to the public. However, although it is not permissible to reach positive conclusions, we do not believe that the phenomena observed by the Governmentowned the early were strange space vehicles. An analysis of bearings and angles above the horizon does suggest that there was a definite pattern of movement linked to the relative positions of the planets Jupiter, Saturn and Mars. Light refraction, the changing position of the planets relative to the horizon, and the possibility that unusual atmospheric conditions could give the impression of rise and rapid movements (Signed): Yours the faithful officer Directorate of Air Force Intelligence.

- page 9 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO) under the "PHOTO" section of the table. The text found in the document is as follows:

JULY 1959 SIGHTINGS
DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
Jul Red Devil, Alaska Insufficient Data
31 Switzerlaid Other (UNIDDNTIF
1 New Church, Virginia Aircraft (REFSEL OOR)
Dayton, Ohio Insufficient Data
3 Williams Bay, Wisconsin Aircraft (MIRAGE)
Needles, California Other (FISHING CRAFT)
4 New Albany, Mississippi Aircraft (UNIDDNTD)
5 Dunoon, Minnesota Insufficient Data
7 Houstontown, Pennsylvania Aircraft (REFSEL OOR)
8 Surfside Pier, South Carolina Insufficient Data
Moraine, Ohio Aircraft (REFSEL OOR)
9 Ellicottville, Maryland Aircraft (REFLECTION/INVERS)
SE of Florida & Bahama Islands Other (MISSILE)
10 Miles, West Virginia Aircraft
Potsdam, New York Other (CONTROLLABLE
10 Oak, Nebraska AERIAL ACTIVITY REPORT)
11 North Pacific (Hawaii)
12 Brazil Mil. Civ, Shipboard,Air Astro (METEOR)
14 New Delhi, India Insufficient Data
15 Yakima, Washington Astro (METEORS)
Salt Lake City, Utah Astro (COMETS)
15 Mooseheart, Illinois Insufficient Data
19 Yakima, Washington Aircraft (REFSEL OOR)
19 Ceresco, Nebraska Insufficient Data
20 Webb AFD, Texas Astro (COMETS)
SE of Cheju Do Island Other (SONGBOY & SMOKE
21 New Orleans, Louisiana LIGHT)
21 Berea, Kentucky Insufficient Data
22 Henderson, New York Balloon
22 Madera, California Aircraft (REFSEL OOR)
24-25 Yakima, Bremerton, Wash Multi UNIDENTIFIED
25 Irondequoit, New York Astro (GROUND LIGHT)
28 Dayton, Ohio Astro (GROUND LIGHT)
28 Cocoa, Florida Unidentified (PHOTO)
28 Dayton, Ohio Unidentified
29 Atlantic/East of Florida Aircraft (REFSEL OOR)
29 Bellingham, Washington Insufficient Data
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE LOCATION SOURCE
Jul Universe Science News Ltr
6 Amager Island, Denmark Newsclippings
7 Columbus, Indiana Newsclippings
20 Grand Caillou, Lousiana Newsclippings
24 Ocean City, New Jersey Newsclippings

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an Air Intelligence Information Report from the U.S. Air Force.

OCR text output:

AIR INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT
COUNTRY OF AREA REPORT CONCERN:
AUSTRALIA (NEW GUINEA)
DATE OF REPORT
21 Jan 50
REPORTING AGENCY
Air Attach, AUSTRALIA
PREPARING INDIVIDUAL
MANSON G. SMITH, Major, USAF
SUBJECT (descriptive title): Use Individual Reports for separate subjects)
ATRG 49
SUMMARY (Indicate nature of report. Use individual reports for separate subjects)
(C) Report on Investigation UFO Activity in New Guinea
1. Part I of this report contains a report prepared by The Reverend Michael Papua, New Guinea.
The report is based on correspondence received from Reverend Michael Papua, New Guinea.
2. Included also is an evaluation prepared and furnished by an interested local agency.
APPROVED
ANDREW R. MCDONALD
Colonel, USAF
Air Attache
DISTRIBUTION BY ORIGINATOR (EXCEPT USAF AND FIG, indicate that this is not carry over to distribution)
5002 AISQG Det 5 APO 953, S.F., Calif - Dupl M/Os
D/I File 15th AP - Dupl M/Os

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO report archive.

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
AUSTRALIA
1,403,022
PAGE 2 OF 15 PAGES

The following text is produced from the OCR of the document:

1. Following is a report prepared by The Victorian Flying Saucer Research Society:

The Reverend ___ and Vicinity, Papua New Guinea, 1959.
A. Introduction to the Hoianai Reports: The reports described in this document pertain to scientific UFO activity reported to civilian investigators in the entire history of UFO research. These sightings are the first time, credible witnesses have reported the presence of humanoid beings associated with UFO's.
One important aspect of the Hoianai sightings that emerges clearly from the VSRS investigation is that they were observed closely by the witnesses for a total period of some 9 hours; accordingly the reports should be examined thoroughly for clues as to the nature and origin of the craft, and for possible points of correlation with other credible reports.

b. Biographical Details of The Principal Witness: ___, Aged 31, Educated The University of Grammar School, Melbourne and St. Francis College, Brisbane. In Religious Teacher, A qualified teacher, he completed over eight years of service as a missionary in New Guinea.

c. Reliability of the Witness: VSRS investigators found him at all times co-operative and obviously deeply interested in UFO's and the implications of their presence. Judged to be intelligent, scholarly, detachment and his objectivity is evident in reading the report which follows. His conclusions reached as to the origin or precise nature of the UFO's - at least, until he has had an opportunity to examine further research results - remain somewhat guarded.

d. The Corroborative Witnesses: These numbered up to a total of 38 persons during the period in which the original statement examined by VSRS investigators. The witnesses were all Papuan natives, several of whom were conducted as uneducated and medical assistants.

e. Background to the Principal Sightings: The Hoianai sightings climaxed a series of other less remarkable sightings of UTO's at that location during the preceding 6 months. UFO's were observed by both Papuan natives and European & American missionaries, and had totally perturbed the natives relatively uninfluenced by western civilization and quite ignorant of flying saucers.

f. Types of UFO Sighted at Hoianai and Range of Aerodynamic Performance:
(1) Types: Large, manned craft with elaborate superstructure and smaller apparently remotely controlled units or miniature craft.
(2) Performance: Hovering, pendulum swinging, tremendous speeds of the manned UFO observed on June 27th were seen to cross the bay at Hoianai (approximately 30 miles wide) in less than a second. Even all-jet fighters would be unable to maintain controlled flight at such speeds reported. The colors and light intensity are especially interesting.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. Instead, it appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

TEXT OUTPUT:

UNCLASSIFIED
ORIGINATING AGENCY:	AIR ATTACHE, AUSTRALIA

1. 403,022	REPORT NO.:
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112

PAGE 3 OF 15 PAGES

65. Evaluation of the Boinrai Sightings: It is submitted that the following propositions may be cited as established by these sightings:

(1) The Boinai sightings is psychologically stable. This is admittedly a subjective impression gained by investigators, but is supported by the behavior of principal witnesses reflecting a consideration of the witness's professional standing and training. The legion of corroborative witnesses supports supporting the credibility nature.

(2) The Boinai UFO's are not psychological phenomena. The undoubted psychological element present in some UFO sightings has been demonstrated by Jung in his recent treatise. However, the limits of operation of this factor would undoubtedly and it would appear arbitrary to relegate the Boinai sightings to its influence. The reader is especially referred to Father RAMEL's prefatory remarks within.

(3) The Boinai UFO's are demonstrably not electrical phenomena. Their characteristics and maneuvers suggest and confirm reasonably be attributed to any of the gamut of accustomed physical rationalizations.

(4) The Boinai UFO's are advanced craft, capable of a fantastic range of aerodynamic performances, propelled by humanoid beings.

(5) The Boinai sightings do not PROVE ipse facto that the UFO's are non-terrestrial in their origin. They indicate a strong LIKELIHOOD that they are.

(6) UFO researchers need no longer enquire as to the NATURE of the UFO's, but only as to their ORIGIN.

2. The above report was based on the following series of letters received by VPSB from Reverend M.T. Ostwald, Identified Flying Objects, Boinai, Territory of Papua and New Guinea: B.58, July 14, 1959.

Material continue to describe with fair accuracy what is thought to have been observed on a given occasion near Boinai by M.P.O.'T.
Main recordings were made on the evenings of June 21st, 26th and 27th.

a chief observer and sole recorder and reporter of the Boinai phenomena on those dates is the Reverend M.T. Ostwald, though his claims against any attempts to extract theories or explanations from the data should be rejected. The value (psychological) lies in their subjectiveness against what I hope is objective observational data, and the complete freedom of prejudice from overtones, the conviction being that the witnesses were highly observant persons who described accurately what they saw under natural phenomena lighting.

Consideration to the following possible factors however, cannot be overlooked:
a. Hallucination: Sketches in the body of the report may be figments of imagination or hallucination. Hallucination may have been experienced simultaneously by the 27 eyewitnesses on the sightings list.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text.

Here is the text output from the document:

AIR ATTACHE, AUSTRALIA

a. Suggestion as an influence to "witnesses": There may have been undue influence by suggestion on the part of the inexperienced native body; there may have been influence caused by a subconscious of the native body of "witnesses" towards the observed phenomena.

d. Illusion: It is possible that "freak" atmospheric conditions or sub-normal vision (as part of the observer(s) resulted in a mis-interpretation of natural phenomena.

3. Unreliable Observers: Inexperience in astronomical observation, lighting and sensing such natural disturbances in the atmosphere; the appearance and usual movements of these.

4. Variation in descriptive evidence from different sources: (1) Misjudgment of size, distance, apparent phenomena, observers' position, from different experiences.

In absence of scientific investigation into this present report, theory and knowledge should be made with the following relevant facts concerning the conducting of the main part of the observation and execution of procedure in gathering evidence writing report.

Papuan observer: The sketch of the UFO later in this report was drawn by one significant detail from later sketches. The "underside" is described by him and drawn as showing longitudinal markings as subsequent descriptional drawings by what appeared to be four straight legs or stands pointing diagonally downwards.

Can it be assumed therefore that suggestion played no part in respect of this including oral observation in subsequent sight-seeing, though individually, thought they "saw" the general change or the whole "Object" were in fact?

(b) Drawing up of the report was conducted in the following way:

1. On the night of June 26th immediately following the disappearance of the UFO through cloud, 39 witnesses were brought together into a well-lighted room.

2. On separate sheets of paper, three observers, namely those who claimed they saw the sketches, were separately questioned and the sketches were made by them.

3. "Men" on the UFO were their alignments under collective limitation.

4. All observers were briefly addressed by the reporter and given the opportunity of signing a paper stating that a UFO as described in the sketches must be truthful and that they must be furnished with a copy.

WARNING: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 793 and 794. The transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. 

Text transcription:

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
REPORT NO.  1,504,022

The diagrams at Gobamana Point were made as part of a written statement by the reporter. This statement was drawn up by him 4 minutes after the observation.

The UFOs sighted on 28 June 1959 are significantly different in appearance from any previously described.

NOTE: The reporter not being a mathematician has attempted estimates of size and distance. It is suggested that the measurements should not be regarded as precise. The reported "measurements" as noted later in the report, the reporter has taken the liberty of making alterations for original data. This AUSTRALIAN DIVISION which originally read as 3 inches now reads as 5 inches. Other estimated measurements should be adjusted accordingly.

Dear [redacted],
I am almost convinced about the "vision"...theory. There have been quite a number of reports over the months from reliable witnesses. The peculiar thing about these most recent reports is that the UFOs seem to be stationary at times, now Batini, but on [redacted] occasions - again, over Batani, they have all seen it, or similar ones in different locations. I should think that this is the event that the Watcher has been identified as such.

I do not doubt the existence of these "things" (indeed I cannot now that I have seen for myself) in the evidence before I can accept the scom-cor-scenary. I am inclined to believe that remarkable many UFOs are more likley seen from a portion of privileged consciousness. That does not mean necessarily that a saucer could be the work of the unconscious of some kind in a manner, or very possible that saucers do exist, but the existence of many has been impressed upon this mind as a very likely thing that they are solids.

It is all too difficult to understand for me; I prefer to wait for some bright to cast one to be exhibited in March Square.

- page 15 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO sighting, as described in the text. The text does not mention any human faces or individuals, so I will not attempt to identify or name any people in the image.

Text output:
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
REPORT NO. 1,403,022
PAGE 6 OF 15 PAGES
AIR ATTACHE, AUSTRALIA
Please return this report as I have no copy and I want none to have it.
REPORT ON UFO SIGHTING

Place: Boianai
Date: June 23, 1959
Weather Conditions: Patches of low cloud, otherwise clear. Moonlight.
Description: (as told to observer June 23, 1959 at Boianai.)
On coming out of the house at one o'clock on Sunday morning (21st June) I saw this light (white) about 500-700 yards away almost in a north-easterly direction. The light appeared to be about 40-50 feet in diameter and seemed to be coming from some object stationary in the air. The light ended from what seemed a great height and I watched it for the space of about three minutes, gradually moving and descending in a parallel position to the coast. It stopped at a point a little to the east of the station and a height of about three-hundredt feet. There it remained stationary for perhaps half a minute, and then the light suddenly became brighter and the object started to move away from me, slowly at first, but gathering speed it disappeared from view into the clouds.
When first sighted, I thought it to have been a light similar to those dropped by planes during the war.
P.S. Underneath the object I saw about four round black spots. 
Signed: (OBSERVER)

NOTE: All this information was volunteered without any knowledge of previous sightings of UFOs, and when explanations were offered, I considered it more like an invented "saucer" and was not, for instance, the shape of the object was like an inverted "saucer" and was not, for instance, quite certain in his mind that it was more like a "saucer" than anything else.
SIGNED: THE OBSERVER

BOIANAI COAST
OBSERVER
[Sketch showing rough outline of object]

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
AIR ATTACHE, AUSTRALIA  1,403,022  PAGE 7 OF 15 PAGES
Hours later - we have changed our opinion somewhat to last night's report. I hope it makes no difference. It is now no doubt what we saw last night was a pure cloud of smoke, there is no doubt about it whatever. This is one of my own beliefs and I would dislike have one or two others sharing this view. Taking. Here is the report. Please pass it around, but great care must be taken as I have no other, and this, if the contents be such, will be seen by several to Nor: - I would appreciate if you could send the lot back as soon as possible.
P.S. Do you think what should know about this? is at present in the Papua country and will not be returning home until 10th July at earliest. If people (him) it worth while to stand cost of a radio communication my behalf it It's interesting Territory news if nothing else.
JUNE 26, 1959 
U.P.O. Boisama
DATA (1)
SKY                      TIME (p.m.)
Patches 
of low 
cloud;            0:45     Sighted bright white light from front direction N.W.
clear over       
Dogura and         0:52      arrives. Confirms not star like other 
Nesapt             night. Coming closer, not so bright, coming down
                   0:55    send to call people. One object on top,
never - mind?  Now three men - moving, glowing.
Doing something on deck. Gone.
7:00  Men 1 & 2 again.
7:00    Gone again.
Cloud ceil- 7:10    Man 1,3,4,2 (appeared in that order). This act, 
ing covered       blue spot light. Men gone, spot light still there.
sky c. 2000'    
7:12    Men 1 & 2 appeared - blue light.
7:20    Spot light off, men go.
7:20  UFO goes through cloud. 
7:25   Appeared to descend, got bigger. Not so big, but
seemed near; than before.
Second seen over sea - hovering at times.
Another over Wadobury village.

- page 17 -

The image contains a rough sketch of a UFO as it appeared from the position of observation. The sketch depicts a shaft of light and two illuminated "men" appearing to be part of the UFO. No other photographs are present in this document.

SECURITY INFORMATION when filed in
UNCLASSIFIED
SUPPLEMENT TO AF FORM 112
REPORT NO.: 
IA 103.092
PAGE 3 OF 15 PAGES
Big one stationary and larger - the original (?) others coming and going through clouds: As they descended through cloud, light reflected like large halo around cloud - no more than 2000't, probably less.
All UFO's very clear - Outlines? "Brothers shining and still large, clear, stationary".
Nos. 2,3,4, gone.
"Mother" ship gone - giving red light.  No. 1 gone (overhead) into cloud.
"Mother" back.  
"Mother" gone across sea towards Giwa - white, red, blue, gone.
Overhead UFO re-appears, is hovering.
Still there, stationary.
Hovering, gone behind cloud.
Very high, hovering in clear patch of sky between clouds.
Very overcast, no sign of UFO.
Heavy rain:

1 Q A !!!
Data sheet of observation of UFO's 5:45 - 11:4 p.m. 
June 28, 1959
Signed: [Redacted]

Rough sketch of UFO as it appeared from position of observation.

- page 18 -

