The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 27 Sep 59
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: Local 28/0112
5. PHOTOS: O Yes D No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1/2 hour
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Three lights, red, green, and white, seemed to remain in one place. Shape could not be determined though it seemed to be angular.
12. CONCLUSIONS: D Was Balloon
D Probably Balloon
D Airworthy Aircraft
D Possibly Aircraft
D Was Astronomical D Possibly Astronomical
D Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
11. COMMENTS: Identified as a planet by a Cincinnati astronomer to the observer. Color was studied by the witness effect caused by dust particles in the atmosphere.

- page 1 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line and includes instructions to imagine the viewer is at the point shown, place an "A" on the curved line to indicate how high the object was above the horizon when first seen, and place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when last seen.

The second sketch shows a larger landscape with a person standing in the foreground, and two smaller sketches on the right side depicting different views of a landscape.

OCR Output:
32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a form with various questions and answers about an unidentified object sighting.

34. CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
e. No wind
f. Slight breeze
g. Strong wind
h. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cold
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day _____ Month _____ Year _____

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: _____________

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No 
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
_____________

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Marshall Ni t 3 wo ys

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which contains a handwritten description of some observed object.

OCR text:
U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET 
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat any details that you have previously mentioned, and add any further comments, descriptions, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME W. T. C. (PLEASE PRINT) 
SIGNATURE
DATE 22 SEP 1959

Was like info or this. First saw object at about 8:30pm, seemed to be some 4500 to 8000 yards from my location on a lower horizon. As it approached I could distinguish it as a round object, somewhat elliptical in shape, extremely bright almost fluorescent in appearance and emitting no sound. It continued toward me, passing nearly overhead at an estimated distance of less than 1000 yards from my position, but fairly high in the sky. The object then continued on a straight course beyond my view, but did not appear to gain any noticeable altitude. I watched it for approximately 30 seconds or a minute before it disappeared. I could not detect any structural features, it was simply a round glowing object.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a typed letter. The letter is addressed to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio. The letter describes a reported UFO sighting by an astronomer in Cincinnati, Ohio on September 27. The writer states that the UFO lights were identified as a planet, and that the sighting was caused by dust particles in the atmosphere rather than an unidentified object. The writer expresses regret for not reporting the sighting to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base until this letter.

Cincinnati 19, Ohio 
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Dear Sirs:

The UFO that I reported on 27 September has been identified by an astronomer here in Cincinnati as a planet. The red and green lights on the objects which caused my concern were attributed by him as a prismatic effect caused by dust particles in the atmosphere. I did not call him until after the object had been reported to Wright-Patterson or I would never have reported it.

I regret very much any inconvenience caused by this report. Thank you very much.

LT USNR-R

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document related to a UFO sighting.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE

REPLY TO 
AFSGIN-4348

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: SAFCB-34 (Major L. J. Tacker)

Request that a questionnaire be forwarded to in Cincinnati 19, Ohio. Request that he fill in the questionnaire in as much detail as possible concerning his sighting of an UFO on 27 September 1959.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

/s/ PHILIP G. KEANE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document. The document appears to be a letter from the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, addressed to a person whose name has been redacted. The letter states that the recipient sighted an Unidentified Flying Object on September 27 and requests the recipient to fill out an enclosed Air Force Questionnaire with as much detail as possible, and forward the completed form to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.

The text found in the document is as follows:

27 SEPT 59
SAFOI-3 IIBurnsrd/7291

12 October 1959

Dear [redacted],

The Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base has written that you sighted an Unidentified Flying Object on 27 September.

In order that they may analyze and evaluate this sighting, will you please fill out the enclosed Air Force Questionnaire in as much detail as possible, and forward the completed form to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Cincinnati 19, Ohio

Comeback SAFOI-34
Reader SAFOI-1

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people have observed.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as accurately as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 
APRIL 22 YEAR 1959
2. Time of day: 
2:50 HOURS MINUTES
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
15 MILE N. CINCINNATI WOODLAWN OHIO
Additional remarks:
5. Estimate how long you saw the object.
2 MINS SECONDS
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
(Circle One): a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. Dark night f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains a questionnaire or form filled out by an observer.

Transcribing the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many __Ceny__
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Moonlight, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?: 
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other ___

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?   Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode?   Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?   Yes No Don't Know
e. Leave a trail?   Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape?   Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?   Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: _______

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: _______

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes No
b. Sun glasses   Yes No
c. Windshield   Yes No
d. Window glass   Yes No
e. Binoculars   Yes No
f. Telescope   Yes No
g. Theodolite   Yes No
h. Other ______

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, likely filled out by an eyewitness.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: -
b. Color: Reddish-white, greenish-white and slightly

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

No drawing provided, only text.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well-defined
d. Don't remember
e. Other: Can't see color

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
Did not see both at same time. First on disappeared, then second one appeared.

Output of OCR:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound -
b. Color Reddish-light, greenish-white and slightly

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

No drawing provided, only text.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well-defined
d. Don't remember
e. Other: Can't see color

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
Did not see both at same time. First one disappeared, then second one appeared.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a form and text to be filled out.

Section 20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Section 21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

Section 22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand or at arm's length?

Section 23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?

Section 24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a German object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with a questionnaire about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Text transcription:

Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
___ vehicle stopped to a house, it was 
very bright in the sky for a few seconds.

IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  c. East  e. South  g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  c. Northeast  e. East  g. Southeast  i. South  k. Southwest  m. West  o. Northwest
b. d. f. h. j. l. n. p.

What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North  c. Northeast  e. East  g. Southeast  i. South  k. Southwest  m. West  o. Northwest
b. d. f. h. j. l. n. p.

- page 12 -

