The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card. 

OCR output:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
OCT 59
2. LOCATION
Telephone Ridg., Oregon
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
0315Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Radar
Air-Visual
5. SOURCE
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
over 30 mins
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Letter from witness to light which was stationary
for about 15 minutes and gone suddenly through clouds
and out at high speed, estimated 5 miles high, last seen
by witness 5 yrs after sighting.

11. COMMENTS
UNIDENTIFIED.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Possibly Balloon
Was Aircraft
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Aircraft
Was Astronomical
Probably Astronomical
Possibly Astronomical
Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, the official U.S. Air Force program for investigating UFO reports. The text in the document is as follows:

Dear Sir,
This is in response to your recent letter to Captain Hector Quintanilla of the Project Blue Book Office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, on the incident of an Unidentified Flying Object you observed on September 8, 1959.

Your UFO sighting cannot be related to any conventional, ballistic or astronomical body. The brightness and clearness of the object indicates it was a close sighting and of an aerodynamical type. We appreciate the information presented. Therefore, we are unable to identify or classify the information presented.

Thank you for reporting this unusual sighting to the Air Force. All reports of Unidentified Flying Objects will be listed as an "unknown" observation unless additional information is received to clarify the incident.

Sincerely,
MARTIN M. JACOBS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information
Newport, Oregon

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned image of an envelope addressed to Capt. H. Quintanilla Jr. at the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio. The envelope is postmarked from Newport, Oregon.

Newport, Oregon
Capt. H. Quintanilla Jr. 
U.S.A.F.
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

P. SONAL

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI PB (Mrs. ...)

1. A letter from Mr. ..., Newport, Oregon, to Capt Hector Quintanilla contained a report of an observation in October 1959. Mr. ... requested an evaluation of his observation. Mr. ... sighting was an object he related to any conventional air vehicle. The brightness and clearness of the object and the locale of the sighting tend to rule out mirrages and reflections. From the information presented, we are unable to identify or evaluate his observation.

FOR THE COMMANDER
(Signature)
JOHN (last name illegible)
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual content. It appears to be a scanned text document from the Project Blue Book files.

Captain Hector Quintanilla Jr.
U.S. Air Force Base
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain Quintanilla:

Reading in the Sunday Oregon Journal this morning, reminds me of an incident that took place while I was hunting in eastern Oregon in October 1959. This cannot be of any interest to you, but I have to clean the garage out this morning. I thought that I would relay it first let me say that I have never seen a flying saucer. I am the manager of a department store, have a college education, as has my wife. I am not a lunatic, old, and am not a failure, so keep this under your hat.

In October 1959, the exact date escapes me at the present, but it was during the third or fourth week of October (could find out the exact date with some little hunting around). My wife, young son and daughter, and I went hunting with a rancher in eastern Oregon. The ranch was about 60 miles east of Enterprise, Oregon. We went hunting for antelope and is about 10 miles east of the little town of Antelope, Oregon. The children were all in bed, the wife was in the kitchen and the rancher and I were around the camp fire drinking coffee. 

It was about 1:00 a.m. and the moon was out and almost directly overhead. Broken cumulous clouds were in the sky, and they may have covered about one-fourth of the sky in broken patches. We were camped at about 5,000 feet and we estimate the clouds as being at about 15,000 to 20,000 feet. From our camp site which was in an open meadow we could see about 10 miles away to the south east as we watched, we could see that they were not stationary, but moving east. It seems they were not struck lightning since they were not glowing or pulsing, just one light in the sky. It came to within approx two or three miles of us taking a series of about fifty minutes to reach this spot. It then stayed in this spot for almost half an hour. We looked at it thru our rifles scope, and could see no hoir or noises, except a faint throbbing as a carbond arc light. We could see no wings, no portholes, and it did not pulse. At no time did we ever see anything but the bright light - we could not see anything around it except the night. The bright light was the third point of a line. Our camp was a pine tree approx 50 feet high and about 200 yards away. The light was the third. We could see enough of the tree by the moonlight so as we could see that the light did not move. After about 10 minutes of stationary, the light called about shooting at it we could see no object, just the light.

What happened at flying saucer? After the half hour in the angle of this light being at almost 35 degrees from the ground thru our line of sight with the tree, the light disappeared into the distance. The next morning as we were looking at the place where we saw the light, there seemed to be an indentation in the ground about 15 feet in diameter, and is as though something large and heavy had been there. We did not touch it after that, yet the clouds were not solid, and we should have had a glimpse of it somewhere in that light passed thru an angle of about 15 degrees in one and a half second! I would like to see something that could accelerate as fast as that light did. The light did not change except to get farther away, no noise, no trail, just the bright light. Was something at the landing place? About 1 1/2 acres of the grass was matted down, as if something large and heavy had been there.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

Text from the document:

Pretty fast because we did not hear them until they were at about 5 o'clock, and there was no wind, the clouds were stationary, and we saw something quite large, bright, and round. There was no noise, no trail, no balloon, or any other object that seemed to identify it. We were puzzled about this one, and if you people come up within the next couple of years with an explanation, I'd appreciated hearing it. We had better let me know, because I would hate to shoot down one of these things and see them disappear suddenly like to have say. 

(B) Found sight as bright as searchlight with flame color, could be some kind of nuclear engine, sound about that of airliner at 10,000 feet. Passed overhead from horizon to horizon in 1001 panic, didn't get to 100,50.

An investigation for approach in 8hr.

- page 6 -

