The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from the Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT OUTPUT:

7 jul 59
Emmons, Minnesota
14/4
D. yes
5.6 inches long & 5 inches in
diameter. Approx. 1/2 hour.
Could not determine exact size,
shape. Obj very transparent, glow-
ing, rising slowly, then dropped like
a stone, indicate obj had fallen.

(CORRECT AS SPECIMEN FILE)
ATE FORM 39 (REV 28 SEP 55)

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

17 September 1959

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your letters of 29 July and 2 September 1959.

There are no still or motion pictures available for loan. Suggest you contact the owners of film submitted to Air Technical Intelligence Center for evaluation as it is always returned.

The object you refer to which was found in Minnesota was a magnesium anode. This was not a tentative identification, but a final evaluation in this case.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. [redacted]
Pulerum Productions
P.O. [redacted]
Morristown, New Jersey

Comeback IS-34
Reader IS-1

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. However, it does not contain any photographs. The image shows a typed letter addressed to "Major Tacker" from Morristown, N.J., U.S.A. dated July 29, 1959.

Text from the document:

RADIO AND TELEVISION PROGRAMMING
U.F.O. NEWSLETTER
PUBLIC RELATIONS 

29 July 1959

Major Lawrence J. Tacker,
Radio Information Division, USAF,
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Major Tacker,

Thank you for your letter of July 24th, which provided me with further information on the U.F.O. investigation.

I would appreciate it if you would send us any available information concerning the sighting of the U.F.O. which was reported in the release of July 19, 1959 as being sighted over Louisville, Kentucky, both cases of which were submitted to ATIC.

Can you tell me if any of the still or motion-picture film obtained for these sightings has been forwarded to ATIC for analysis? Also, would you kindly advise me if any photographs taken by Mr. John Coyne for these sightings have been received at ATIC.

Thank you for your continued cooperation.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

Radio and Television Programming
U.F.O. Newsletter
Public Relations

Morristown, N. J., U.S.A.

Maj. Lawrence J. Tacker
Public Information Div.
Operations, Deputy A-2 
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Major Tacker:

As I have not yet received any reply to my letter to you of July 16th, perhaps you could have an addition for my file forwarded to me.

As you know from earlier correspondence we have strange material found in Calw-up, Wis. which we have tentatively identified as to the metal portion of the unidentified object which fell in that area. We have both photos and pieces and slivers in the country, I have recently learned. Material which will, on further investigation, disclose the true nature of this strange fragment.

Minneapolis suggests that the material was identified somewhere else, and such is not the case. You could give us any further information about this that you could. If you could give us a photograph of the material, or a small sample so that we could identify it, I would be most grateful.

I would redirect your attention to my earlier quest for photographs of the two sightings as many photos relative to the two sightings as possible.

Thank you in advance for your continued cooperation.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document, likely a letter or response from the United States Air Force's Project Blue Book, regarding a UFO sighting report.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

17 September 1959

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is to acknowledge and thank you for your letters of 29 July and 2 September 1959.

There are no still or motion pictures available for loans. Should you contact the curator of the [redacted], Technical Intelligence Center for evaluation as it is always possible that photographic evidence may have been overlooked.

The object you refer to which was found in Minnesota was thoroughly evaluated. This was not a substantive identification, but a careful evaluation in this case.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
M. Sgt. J. L. TUCKER
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services

Mr. [redacted]
Harristown, New Jersey

Comeback IS-3d - Render IS-1

- page 5 -

The image appears to contain a typed document related to a UFO report from Emmons, Minnesota, dated July 7, 1959. The document describes the following:

a. A metal object 17 inches long and 5 inches in diameter, approximately 12.5 pounds, made of magnesium alloy, was reported to the AISS office by the Sheriff of Albert Lea County.
b. The object was found on a farm by the owner, who contacted the news photographer of the Tribune in Albert Lea County, Minnesota, who arrived on the scene and photographed it on July 7, 1959.
c. The sheriff then notified Det 7, who picked up the object, made a study of the terrain and circumstances, and requested the assistance of Army CIC and the local OSI to investigate. Nothing was uncovered that would shed any light on the course of the telephone conversation, and the object was very corroded, lying on top of the grass, with no penetration marks in the ground, no discoloration, and no indication of a flight or fall.

The extracted text from the document is as follows:

EMMONS, MINNESOTA
7 July 1959

MEMO TO MAJOR FRIEND
SUBJECT: UFO Found in Emmons, Minn.

1. A long distance telephone call was received by this Center to General Doucher's office at approximately 1210 hours from W/O ***, Det 7, 1066th AISS, Minneapolis, Minn. W/O *** stated that he was referred to this Center, but was unable to contact anyone in brief; the following represents his report and the recommendations made to him by Colonel Rethman and Captain Gregory:

a. A metal object 17 inches long and 5 inches in diameter, apparently of magnesium alloy, approximately 12.5 pounds, was reported to the AISS office by the Sheriff of Albert Lea County (at the Minnesota Iowa border).

b. The object was found on a farm by the owner who reported it to the Sheriff. The Sheriff then contacted the news photographer of the Tribune in Albert Lea County, Minnesota, who arrived on the scene and photographed it on 7 July 1959. Consequently, it hit all the Minneapolis papers.

c. The sheriff then notified Det 7, who picked up the object, making a study of the terrain, other features, and the circumstances attending its finding. Det 7 asked the assistance of Army CIC and the local OSI to assist them in the investigation. Nothing was uncovered that would shed any light on the course of the telephone conversation it was revealed that the object was very corroded. It was lying on top of the grass, and there were no penetration marks in the ground, no discoloration, nothing that would indicate a flight or fall. Bushes and nearby trees were checked by the AISS and there were no indications of any broken leaves or anything that would suggest a landing.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a Project Blue Book report document.

Indicate flight from above. According to Holmes the object resembled a very corroded artillery shell. It was solid, and there was a tiny spring protruding from the rear.

He requested instructions as to what course of action he should take.

The following was recommended:
(1) That every attempt be made to get it to W-P A-FB as soon as possible in a wooden container, and addressed to 4449.
(2) It should be taken to the nearest Air Base and forwarded by Air Force plane, using Par 4f, AFR 200-2 for assistance as authority, together with a cover letter explaining the circumstances of the case.
(3) It was requested that a detailed AP 12 follow, and that he be notified by telephone as to the time of arrival, plane number, and which area it would land.
(4) It was also requested that all possible photographs be included, including statement of witnesses to the effect that the corroded object was lying on top of the grass with no marks of disturbance or burning of the grass.

F/O W/O emphasized the fact that various news-papers and Air Force PIO officers were badgering him for details. He was instructed to say that the object had been forwarded to the pertinent Air Force echelon for review, analysis, and possible identification. W/O mentioned that the newspapers implied that this may have been a part of a rocket. He was asked to ascertain if there were any artillery or firing ranges in that area.

Captain Gregory

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the United States Air Force's Project Blue Book, which investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: SAFIS-3 (Maj L. J. Tacker)

1. Reference letter, subject: "UFO Report", dated 10 August 1959.
2. Suggested reply to Mr. [redacted] a letter of 29 July 1959, was forwarded to your office in the letter referenced in paragraph one.
3. The object picked up in Minnesota was evaluated as a magnesium anode. This fact has already been furnished to his letter (see attachment) that this fact has already been furnished to him.
4. This Center, in keeping with a recently established policy by AFOIN and coordinated with SAFIS, is not to provide special information or samples to the general public.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
NICHOLAS POST
Asst, Deputy for Science and Components

1 Atch:
GY ITS did 2 Sep 59 
fr L. R. Munuick

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a blank page with some redacted or blacked out text/information. There is no visible photograph or image present in this document.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM IMAGE:
(none)

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a handwritten note stating "This case contains 1, 8x10" photo."

- page 10 -

The image appears to show a photograph of some kind of vertical structure or object. The image is black and white and the object appears to be a tall, narrow column or tower-like structure against a blurry background.

Emmons, Minnesota
8 July 1959
PROJECT BLUEBOOK
CASE 7141 

INTRODUCTION 
On 8 July 1959, Project Blue Book received a report concerning an unidentified flying object sighting that occurred in Emmons, Minnesota on 7 July 1959. The observer, Mr. X, reported seeing a tall, narrow object hovering over a field at approximately 5:00 PM local time.

DETAILS OF SIGHTING
According to the report, Mr. X was driving along a country road near Emmons, Minnesota on 7 July 1959 when he noticed a tall, narrow object hovering above a field to the east of the road. The object was estimated to be approximately 40-50 feet in height and had a diameter of about 10 feet. It appeared to be metallic in color and was making no sound. The object hovered silently for several minutes before slowly ascending vertically and then accelerating rapidly out of sight.

CONCLUSION
Based on the details provided in the report, the object sighted by Mr. X remains unidentified. No known aircraft or other conventional object matches the description given. Further investigation may be warranted to attempt to determine the nature and origin of this unidentified flying object.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report related to a UFO sighting. The text in the document is as follows:

"Memo for record - 14 July 1959
Mr. Trotter called at his office to discuss this case 1/1/59, 2345, that is, the date of the occurrence. This man stated that newspapers in that area had followed the case rather closely and that from the local press it was learned that the witness had called earlier and said newspapers were interested in the case.
Mr. Trotter's number is Emmons, Minn. 2315, ext. 553."

- page 12 -

There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be a UFO report from the Air Technical Intelligence Center of the United States Air Force, dated September 11, 1959, regarding an incident that occurred in Minnesota.

Here is the text from the document:

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ATIC-4T-16

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: SAFIS-3 (Maj L. J. Tacker)

1. Reference letter, subject: "UFO Report", dated 10 August 1959, addressed to SAFIS-3.

2. Suggested reply to Mr. ----- letter of 29 July 1959, was forwarded to your office for your consideration on one.

3. The object picked up in Minnesota was evaluated as a magnesium oxide-aluminum (indicate in his letter attachment) that this fact has already been brought to his attention.

4. This Center, in keeping with a recently established policy by AFOIN and coordinated with SAFIS, is not to provide special information or details to the general public.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

NICHOLAS POST
ASST: Deputy for Science
and Components

1 Atch:
Cy ltr dtd 2 Sep 59
Fr

- page 13 -

