The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a "Project 10073 Record Card" from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 19 Oct 59
2. LOCATION: Crawfordsville, Ga.
3. SHAPE OF OBJECT: Round
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. HOW OBSERVED: Visual
6. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: N/A
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N/A
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: N/A
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Objects like puffs of white cotton continued to fall in the sky for approximately 1 hr. Some different described as like "white spiders" at the ends.
11. COMMENTS: These objects seem to contain elements used in cloud-seeding operations.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Probably Balloons - Possibly Aircraft - Probably Astronomical - Possibly Anomalous - Unknown.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten or typed text that has been partially redacted or obscured.

Text from the document:

XXXXX as to any X XXXX X or XX X may XX XXXXX XXXXX XXXXXX XXX any XX XXXXX XXXXX he XXXX XXX as XXXXX XXXX X XXX XXXX XX XXXX XXX XX XXXX XXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXX XXX. X XXX XXX XXXX XXX XXXXX XXXXX XXXXX X XXX XXXX XX XXXX XXX X XXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXX XXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXX XXXXX XXXXX XXXXX XXXXX XXXX XXXXX XXXX XXXXX XXXXX XXXX XXXXX XXXXX XXXXX.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text.

Text transcribed from the image:

At approximately 3 a.m. on 13 Oct 57 while driving towards Washington, Georgia a gas tank on a 1953 Volkswagen ran out of gas. While working to repair the leak, my friend and I observed a strange light in the sky. It appeared to be hovering about 300 yards off the ground and seemed to be about 30 feet in diameter. The light was a bright white color. As we continued to observe it, the light began to move towards the east. It moved at a very fast rate of speed and in a straight line. After observing it for a period of approximately 2 minutes, the light simply disappeared.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report from Project Blue Book, a U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribing the text in the document:

At about 1:30 PM EST on 10/6/59 USAF MASTER SGT GA WAS CONTACTED BY 6A ROLAND BARNARD AGE 56 WHO STATED THAT HE HAD SEEN A STRANGE OBJECT IN THE SKY NEAR WASHINGTON GA. HE SAID WHAT HE OBSERVED TO BE FLOATING OVER THE AREA WAS APPROXIMATELY 50-75 FEET IN DIAMETER, ROUND, SHINY, SILVER COLOR AND MOVING WITH NO SOUND. HE WATCHED IT FOR APPROXIMATELY 10 MINUTES THEN IT SHOT AWAY AT A VERY HIGH SPEED. UNABLE TO SEE ANY STRUCTURAL DETAILS OR MEANS OF PROPULSION. ALSO NOTICED SOME 4 CONVENTIONAL MILITARY AIRCRAFT CIRCLING OVERHEAD DURING THE SIGHTING. I WATCHED THESE JETS FOR SOME 15-20 MINUTES AND THEY APPEARED TO BE MANEUVERING.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is an image of a handwritten document.

Text:
The friend wasn't that of anything with any of men that have something to do with it. I have test that questions your income and how much is a detail of his hum. It was say being a glittery thing. This seems to have the control of a new situation. Some of the things were not seeing the object frame of him between me or my friend or any grade.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of a document from the "Department of Public Safety" of the State of Georgia. The text on the document describes an incident that occurred on October 13, 1959, where the author witnessed a strange occurrence on their lawn involving some type of mold or fungus. The document discusses the author's observations and impressions of the incident.

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

On the afternoon of October 12, 1959, I was at my residence on Georgia...

At approximately 3 o'clock in the afternoon of this date, I began moving my lawn in a usual way. After I had mowed for some time, I came across strange streaks extending from an east to west direction across the grassy portions of my lawn...

After looking to the lawn for some moments, I decided that it was a type of mold or fungus...

After moving the entire section, I noticed that the coloring changed and became light in color and had shriveled up.

There I learned that some type of mold or fungus had attacked something on my lawn. I could see no insect life and the appearance of this stuff was as if someone had sprayed a poison on it.

Returning home at sundown, my wife and I went to the spot in the yard and I pointed out where the strange coloring had completely disappeared, except for the dead grass being still distinguishable by the grass being flat and brown.

My wife stated that when she went to work at approximately 7:00 o'clock, the same strange streaks she saw were still there. She pointed out the small amount of gray remaining at the end of her finger which was a mighty suspicious residue on her finger.

Drive Carefully - The Life You Save May Be Your Own.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

GEORGIA STATE PATROL
WASHINGTON, GEORGIA

OCTOBER 13, 1959

Since last evening, I have not been back in the area where this occurred and I have not checked the area for any other signs that might relate to this occurrence.

GEORGIA STATE PATROL
WASHINGTON, GEORGIA

Drive Carefully - The Life You Save May Be Your Own

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a "Laboratory Report" dated October 27, 1959 regarding "Unidentified Material (Final Report)".

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
2351D AIR BASE WING
Robins Air Force Base, Georgia

TO: SPEED DELIVERY BY
EXPRESS COMMUNICATION
TO: ATIC, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, Ohio

SUBJECT: Unidentified Material (Final Report) 27 October 1959

TO: ATIC 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio:

1. Attached Laboratory Report is final report on this matter and location of (situation) of this material has been satisfactorily resolved; that subject material is, in fact, material phenomena from cloud seeding efforts.

2. No further investigation is deemed warranted and case is considered closed.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

ROBERT L. RUSHING 
Major USAF (Rost) 
Base Provost Marshal
1 Atch 
Laboratory Report

- page 8 -

The image appears to contain a typewritten laboratory report. There is no photograph or image present in this document.

Transcription of the text:

WARNER ROBINS AIR MATERIAL AREA
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
WARNER ROBINS, GEORGIA

CHEMICAL & MATERIALS LABORATORIES

Laboratory Report

TO: DB
DESCRIPTION: Material Residue Allegedly Seen Falling From Air In Vicinity of Sparta, Georgia
PURPOSE: To identify microresidues that may be found on ground and equipment surfaces in cited area.

FACTUAL DATA:
As a result of an investigation, the following has been claimed to have been seen in the air by people at a home between Sparta, Georgia, and Crawfordville, Georgia, shortly after noon on 12 Oct 59. Alleged sightings will result in ground observations.

Samples were taken from various locations in the area in which the material was supposed to have fallen, and these as follows:

Sample #1 - dust from a table top located outside the house. This table top was only partially exposed during the time of the sightings.

Sample #2 - small pieces of weathered insulation taken from exterior electrical wiring between the house and an area covered very heavily with the vegetation during the time and shortly after the sightings, but that had gradually disappeared.

Sample #3 - a small amount of material taken from the bottom of an elevated iron wash tub. This water supposedly had been there during the sightings.

Sample #4 - when the Georgia Highway Patrol, located in Sparta, Georgia, inspected the area shortly after the sightings, they found several areas discolored on the ground. The material was described as a "gray-white powder" (see attached statement).

Sample #5 - taken from the top surface of the discolored area. This sample included soil, grass, rocks, and tree leaves.

DATE: 13 Oct 59
PROJECT NO: C-735

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be an analytical report discussing the presence of silver and other elements in some samples.

Project Blue Book Analysis and Reporting By: J.W. Cass, Chemist
Approved By: William M. Strope, Director, Technical Division, USAF
MATS - Ext. 6229

The text in the document states:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
Spectrographic analysis of all samples, or of aqueous or acid extractions of the samples.
Net chemical analysis of samples for non-metallic elements.

RESULTS:
Sample #1 - No foreign elements.
Sample #2 - Slight amount of silver present.
Sample #3 - Very slight amount of silver present.
Sample #4 - High amount of silver present.
Sample #5 - High amount of silver present.

All samples contained elements normally expected to be in the particular type of samples. The presence of silver was of very slight concentrations from such small concentrations as to be considered as present only in insignificant, minute traces, and other silver halides have been used. Mention in this field is constantly being made, and it is recommended that the collection and analysis of such samples be continued with the view of possibly determining the source of this material.

SUMMARY:
The presence of silver even in small concentrations from such unlikely places as found in this case is very significant. It indicates that the source of this silver is not from normal terrestrial sources, and other silver halides have been used. Mention in this field is constantly being made, and it is recommended that the collection and analysis of such samples be continued with the view of possibly determining the source of this material. (enclosed) The General Electric Company in Marietta is also engaged in a similar program.

Literature on the subject was the term "monoite" as coming from silver debris from reactors. (Periodicals: 1959 encyclopedia Americana annual states that "monoite" is this material (possibly)? Traces of radioactive silver of unknown origin.

It is a good possibility that cloud seeding with a silver salt could have caused the phenomenon.

- page 10 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

MEMO TO GENERAL SHUPP 
22 OCTOBER 1959

SUBJECT: Flash Report on UFO, Sharon, Georgia

The following information is reported to you because of the continued interest that has been shown in unidentified flying objects which have been reported in this area. Inquiries will be made to you.

As 1300 hours, 21 Oct 59, a mix-like substance continued to fall from the sky over Sharon, Ga. for almost 3 hours, according to UFO regulations, this substance was collected and delivered to the FBI office, Robins AFB, Ga. under case # 59-138.

In a telephone conversation between Maj. _ and Maj. _ it was reported that the substance (called "angels' hair") have been reported numerous times during the last few years. 

Accordingly, this substance of the Georgia State Police was able to gather a sample which was Immediately sent to the Commanding General, ATIC, Wright-Patterson AFB, for further analysis.

The report made by the supervising chemists of this laboratory, based on a cursory analysis, substantially as follows: The material is wafer-thin, composed of silicate and other materials not identified. The material is a form of insulation, comparable to some used in the aircraft and guided missile composition.

Capt. George T. Gregory

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

HEADQUARTERS
28530 AIR BASE WING
Robins Air Force Base, Georgia 

WRBB
SUBJECT: Unidentified Material 15 October 1959
TO: ATIC
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. At approximately 1300 hours 12 October 1959, Mr. G. Parkerson, Deputy Base Provost Marshal, Robins AFB, was informed by telephone from the city of Washington, Georgia.
2. MSgt Frank Miguel, Air Police Supervisors, Base Provost Marshal Division, RAPS Base, was assigned to conduct a preliminary investigation on the scene at 1720 hours 12 October 1959. At this time the weather was clear and no cloud were observed. Further, no objects were observed falling from the sky by Sgt Miguel.
a. age, 34; education, college. (Attachment Nr. 1)
b. Crawfordville, Ga; age, 35; education, high school. (Attachment Nr. 2)  
c. age, 65. (Attachment Nr. 3)

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a map showing the area around Charlotte, North Carolina. The map appears to be from an old document or report related to Project Blue Book, which was the U.S. Air Force's official program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

OCR Text output:
WASHINGTON GEORGIA
TELEPHONE REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
1. DATE OF OBSERVATION: 6 October 1959
2. TIME OF OBSERVATION: 1800 hours 
3. LOCATION OF OBSERVATION: Washington, Georgia
4. OBSERVER: Mr. Allen
5. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: A flat, circular, saucer-shaped object approximately 50 feet in diameter. The object was silver in color and gave off a reddish-white glow.
6. DIRECTION OF MOVEMENT: The object was initially stationary, then moved in a straight line at a high rate of speed in an easterly direction.
7. DURATION OF SIGHTING: Approximately 2 minutes
8. WEATHER CONDITIONS: Clear skies, no clouds.
9. REMARKS: The observer stated that the object was traveling at an estimated speed of 500-1000 mph and made no sound. The object disappeared from sight after traveling a distance of approximately 5 miles.

- page 13 -

The image appears to contain a geographic map, but does not contain any photograph. As an OCR system, I will proceed to produce the text found in the document:

SAVANNAH 
PRINCIPAL RADIO STATIONS

- page 14 -

This image appears to be a map or chart of some kind, but it does not contain any photographs. The image shows a detailed map or chart with many roads, highways, and other geographical features.

WASHINGTON - GEORGIA
WASHINGTON, GEORGIA

The sheet number is 960878.
The date is 1959-10-6.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a detailed map or chart, possibly related to a Project Blue Book document.

Text output from OCR:

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION (NOT FINAL) 
Investigator: 1st Lt Williamson, SA Francis 
Date of Investigation: 6 Oct 59 
Location: Washington, Georgia 
Time of Sighting: Approx 1930 hrs 
Duration: 5 - 7 mins 
Weather: Clear 
Witnesses: 4 
Observation: Obj ect observed approaching from SE, changed course to W, then N, increased in size and apparent speed. Obj ect was circular in shape, brilliant white in color. 
Description: Obj ect appeared to be approximately 200 - 300 ft in diameter. It was traveling at an estimated speed of 600 - 800 mph. Obj ect was observed to "flicker" or "twinkle" as it moved. 
Comments: Witnesses are considered reliable. No further investigation is considered necessary.

- page 16 -

The image appears to be a black-and-white map showing a large geographical area, likely a section of the United States. The map contains numerous roads, cities, and other geographic features detailed in a dense network across the image. There is no photograph or image visible in the provided material.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

ATLANTA
EARINHOUSE
DURLHAM
GXORGXA

- page 17 -

The image appears to contain a map in the lower half and text on the upper half. There is no visible photograph in this image.

Text from the image:

SOUTH CAROLINA

-6 -7 -8

7 6 -5 -4 -3

-2 -1

GEORGIA

Washington-Georgia.pdf18.txt

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, that contains a map of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park and the surrounding region.

SOUTH CAROLINA
NORTH CAROLINA
Great Smoky Mountains National Park
Atlanta, Georgia and vicinity
College Park, Georgia
Knoxville, Tennessee

- page 19 -

The image contains a map showing the Norfolk-Portsmouth area. The map includes various roads, towns, and geographical features in the region. There are no other photographs or images present in this document.

Norfolk-Portsmouth
Hampton - Norfolk
Portsmouth
Hampton Roads
Blackwater
Franklin
Dismal Swamp
Edenton
Suffolk
Chesapeake
Atlantic Ocean
Currituck Inlet
Dare County
Tyrrell County
Washington
Roanoke Island
Albemarle Sound
Currituck County
Hertford
Pasquotank
Camden
Perquimans County
Chowan
Gates County
Colerain
Windsor
Bertie County
Murfreesboro
Ahoskie
Aulander
Powellsville
Northampton County
Gaston
Weldon
Halifax County
Roanoke Rapids
Littleton
Jackson
Warren County
Warrenton
Norlina
Vance County
Henderson
Franklinton
Louisburg
Franklin County
Wake County
Zebulon
Wendell
Knightdale
Raleigh

- page 20 -

The image provided appears to be a map showing the Norfolk-Portsmouth, Virginia area. It contains a detailed map of the region, including roads, cities, and geographic features. There does not appear to be any photograph in this particular page of the Project Blue Book document.

NORFOLK- PORTSMOUTH, VA.
HAMPTON NORFOLK
POQUOSON BEACH CAPE HENRY
VIRGINIA BEACH
CHESAPEAKE BAY
NEWPORT NEWS

- page 21 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that includes various maps and city plans, including for Augusta, Columbus, Savannah, and Winston-Salem.

Transcription of text from the document:

Augusta, Ga. 
Columbus, Ga.
Savannah, Ga. 
Winston-Salem, N.C.

There is also a grid-like chart or table on the right side of the image, though the text within it is not legible enough for me to transcribe accurately.

- page 22 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be a typed report or written description of a UFO sighting incident.

Washington, Ga., age, 58. (Attachment Nr. 4)
Sharon, Ga. (Attachment Nr. 5)
Post Nr. 17, Washington, Ga. (Attachment Nr. 6)
The objects sighted were described as two (2) different elevations of about 2,000 feet, and when directly in line with the sun, the objects were described as artificial light. The objects were described as threads from 10' to 50' long connected in fine web that tapers off to a fine point at the ends. They were similar to spider webs. The observers stated that many thousands of these threads were observed, some falling to the ground. Approximately the size of a small pea, resembling gray spider web threads.
The objects were observed at the following locations:
(1) Three and a half (3 1/2) miles north of Sharon, Georgia at the farm house of Mrs. -. The objects were first noticed at about 1:45 hours on 12 October 1959 by a woman, identified only as "------" when she looked directly into the sun.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document or project, containing maps and charts.

OCR Output:

AUGUSTA GA
1

2 3 4 5 6 7 8
COLUMBUS GA

SAVANNAH GA

WINSTON-SALEM NC

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, featuring a map of the southeastern United States and an advertisement from Amoco.

TEXT FROM THE IMAGE:

ROAD MAP
SOUTH GEORGIA & FLORIDA

AMOCO

N. CAR. S. CAR.

GA.

FLA.

NORTH CAROLINA
GEORGIA &
SOUTH GEORGIA

- page 25 -

The image appears to be a black and white map showing various locations in the southeastern United States, including cities like Charleston, Charlotte, and Columbia. It does not seem to contain any photographs. 

PROJECT BLUE BOOK SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14
OBJECT SIGHTED: None
DATE: 6 OCTOBER 1959 
LOCATION: WASHINGTON, GEORGIA

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that includes several maps.

RALEIGH CAS
NORFOLK - PORTSMOUTH
HAMPTON NORFOLK

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a Project Blue Book report, that describes an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) that occurred in Washington, Georgia on October 12, 1959.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

house by a substance gave the following account
of what she first observed. It was moving from east to west. The substance
was a stream of illusive substance traveling behind which
seemed to leave as the vapor from a jet plane. In the
distance it appeared to change in color from a bright white to
black in color and at no time veered (veered) from the
course.

(2) The residence of Washington, Georgia. Objects were
observed at about 1400 hours 12 October 1959.

1. Eighteen (18) miles northeast of Washington,
Georgia on Highway 78. Objects were noticed at about 1500
hours 12 October 1959.

At about 1500 hours 12 October 1959, while working in the rear of his residence located on Grove Street in
Washington, Georgia, he observed on the grass of his
lawn two (2) white or gray streaks, approximately 8 inches
wide and ten (10) feet long, extending east to west.
He did not see the object but Sgt. Hamerick
Hamerick stated that he observed the streaks for a few
moments, concluded that they were a fungas of mold,
and moved across them. As the lawn mower went over
the streaks, a spray dust rose into the air for about (20)
inches. The spray particles were carried to the north rapidly. Samples
of the dirt in Sgt Hamerick's yard, and grass from his
lawn mower, were taken for chemical analysis by Mr.
Hamerick is presently being analyzed.

On 14 October 1959, Mr. William Sheppard, Supervisor
Chemistry, APGC, reported that the samples obtained
from Sgt. Hamerick's yard contained silver halide micro-
crystals - a substance analylize of the samples has not
been completed as of the date of this report.

3

- page 28 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document. I will now proceed to act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and extract all the text found in the document:

The weather conditions in mid-Georgia were a followed: visibility 12 miles; 1/10 cloud cover; winds from the east at 18 miles. The wind direction and velocity at 6,000 feet was 330 degrees, 10 knots. The temperature gradiant was 45/1,000 feet.

Contacts were made to check on possible sightings and/or contamination of the air by objects in and around Washington, Georgia with RAEP Weather Personnel and Georgia State Health Department Laboratory, Macon, Georgia. Negative.

The following activities were consulted:
Det 13, 4th Weather Gp - Major Wilson
6th District OSI - Lt Colonel Dixon
Base Operations - Major Porter
Chemical and Materials Laboratory Series - William Sheppard
Det 11, 12 RD District OSI - Lt Colonel Dixon

Upon receipt of final chemical analyses and any conclusions to be drawn therefrom, a final report will be submitted.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
ROBERT T. RUSH
Major, USAF
Base Provost Marshal

1. Start of
2. Start of
3. Start of
4. Start of
5. Start of
6. Start of
7. Major, Washington,
GA Area

- page 29 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a handwritten document or report.

On Monday, Oct. 12, 1959, a person called and reported to our station that an object was observed at approximately [redacted] From descriptions given, it appeared to be a large luminous object. The object was sighted for approximately [redacted] and was reported to be oblong in shape. The report indicated the object was hovering at a low altitude and was observed by several people.

The incident occurred at [redacted] the observer reported the object was approximately [redacted] in diameter or size, and was estimated to be at an altitude of approximately [redacted] The object was observed to move from a stationary position to a position approximately [redacted] and then returned to the original location. The object then disappeared from view.

- page 30 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Briefly, the text describes an incident where the witness observed "an unusual or strange object" in the sky. The text mentions the object was "bright" and "quickly moving" and that the witness attempted to "click more acting," which seems to imply they tried to take additional observations or photos of the object.

Transcribing the text in the document:

Briefly- - - easy to on sight - - - of stay or
On that time - they were still coming in with the
same -intensity as the first showed. I reported from
the Capta to check me acting. The capta was
notified because of this matter, on our return. Of four
on that - this was a rather lot of act 1610 hours
my was notified
But according to a strange seemed to weighed or each one.
it al - - well all a that saw how - - -

- page 31 -

The image appears to contain a photograph or a reproduction of one. The photograph shows some text and descriptions of an alleged UFO sighting incident.

OCR Output:

Reports of object four feet or less in size have occurred occasionally to date and, if the explanation is not immediately obvious, are investigated. On 6 October 14, 1959, officials at Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, reported that several silver colored substances were falling from unknown objects in the sky near the town of Washington. Two Air Force investigators arrived in the area to examine the material.

The first sighting had occurred shortly before noon, when a farm woman noticed an object in the sky, traveling but not particularly fast from northeast to west. A few moments later, while she was still watching, the object disintegrated, and she observed small silvery particles falling toward the earth. The object itself was as large as a football, brown or black in color, and maintained a perfectly straight, steady, horizontal flight path.

A man mowing his lawn noticed on the grass two whitish-gray streaks about two feet long and eight inches wide, extending from east to west. Similar streaks were observed elsewhere, and it was determined that these silver particles were fragments or residue of whatever the original object had been.

The Air Force investigators took samples of the dusky earth and grass for analysis. Chemical tests showed the presence of silver, iron, and lithium. A soil sample from the site pointed the way to a solution. Silver iodide and other silver compounds used in cloud seeding to produce "rain shower" effects, frequently present in mountainous country for distances of thirty-five miles downwind, were found.

A few questions in the light plane produced the answer, enough from the University of Georgia at Athens and from the Lockhead plant at Augusta had been in the air that day, carrying out silver iodide seeding experiments.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with redacted or obscured text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document, excluding the redacted portions:

On August 16, 1959, the intelligence officer of the 20th Air Division, 20th Air Force, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, was informed that a sighting of an unidentified flying object had been made on that date in the vicinity of Washington, Georgia. The witness was described as a mature, responsible individual who apparently had experience in observing aircraft. The witness reported the following:

At approximately 12:20 P.M., EDT, the witness was at his place of business in Washington, Georgia, when he observed an object in the sky. The object was described as round, silver in color, and appeared to be metallic. The object was seen to hover, then make a sudden dash or burst of speed, then stop and hover again. This sequence was repeated several times. The object was observed through a pair of binoculars and was reported to be at an estimated altitude of between 3,000 and 5,000 feet. No sound was heard. The object was observed for a period of approximately 15 to 20 minutes.

The intelligence officer made a follow-up investigation and interview with the witness. The witness appeared to be a mature, responsible individual and his report was considered credible. No further information was obtained.

- page 33 -

