The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a blank page with some handwritten text at the top and a return address at the bottom.

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives 
ASIAEHIST-A)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the minutes of a UFO Advisory Panel Meeting held on 27 July 1959.

Here is the text from the document:

UFO ADVISORY PANEL MEETING
27 JULY 1959

I. Members Present - Dr. L. V. Robinson, AFCIN-4H2, Astronomer
Mr. Theodore C. Oehlig, AFCIN-4H2, Physicist
Mr. J. Roy Whitehead, AD2-XD, Physicist 
Major Lewis D. Atcheson, AFOAT-2, Psychologist
Captain R. Fritz, EWS, Chaplain
Major Robert J. Friend, AFCIN-4H2

II. Introduction. The purpose of this meeting was as follows:

a. Introduce DR. Hynek, Air Force consultant on the UFO Program, 
to the panel.

b. Hear an account of DR. Hynek's meeting with Aime Michel, French 
author of "Flying Saucers and the Straight Line Mystery".

c. Discuss the trends in the program as derived from the statistics
of the six month period 1 January 1959 to 30 June 1959.

d. Discuss the outstanding cases for the month of July 1959.

e. Discuss latest activities of the private UFOites.

III. Discussion:

a. The meeting was opened by Major Friend, who outlined the objec-
tives of the meeting.

b. DR. Hynek related the events of his visit with Aime Michel, French 
author of the book on "Flying Saucers and the Straight Line Mystery". 
It was pointed out that Michel is an engineer with the French Army, very definitely not a crackpot, but is indeed very biased in his attitude toward UFOs. Aime Michel's opinion was not the province of the government, but could be done better by private individuals. In answer to a query, it was stated that Michel had received information on the data down and thinks about it and believes that
DR. Hynek also brought out the following facts resulting from his 
meeting with Michel:

(1) More serious scientists interested in the UFO subject in 
France than in the United States. This group is, however, small.

(2) Report of disc-shaped objects began in France in 1942.

(3) French general public does not take much interest in UFO's 
while in the United States it does.

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a photograph or document related to Project Blue Book, a historical US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). However, there is no photograph visible in the image itself. The text in the document appears to discuss various UFO sightings and investigations, but does not contain any images.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

Major Friend pointed out to the panel that the most significant information gathered from the six-month activities 1 January 1959 to 30 June 1959 was the fact that the slope of the curve was generally the same as for the same period in 1958, and that the number of cases was approximately the same.

The outstanding cases for the month which were discussed are as follows:

(1) Airline pilot on flight 11 July 1959. The panel agreed with the conclusion that the object responsible for this sighting was a meteorological balloon.
(2) Photograph of an unidentified flying object taken by Mrs. William K. Barrett of Great Barrington, Massachusetts while visiting Norway on 18 July 1959. The panel concluded that the photograph could not be conclusively determined and the object remains unidentified. The photograph has been sent to Eastman Kodak for possible analysis.

The publicity being given to the UFO sightings by Captain Killian, American Airlines pilot, has raised public interest and passenger complaints, and other airline pilots have suggested that the probable cause of the sightings was jet refueling. It was felt that this case and others indicated some inadequate investigation due to the fact that no Air Force representative ever interrogated the principal witnesses. The panel recommended that steps be taken to have Captain Killian and his co-pilot be questioned for the record.

Suggested Actions:
1. That a qualified individual representing the ATIC be sent to question Captain Killian or American Airlines even at this late date, and a full report of findings be submitted.
2. That in the future the CIC of Project Blue Book be authorized to initiate similar investigations at the earliest moment when, in his judgment, a case warrants such immediate attention.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The Aerial Phenomena Advisory Panel, at its regular meeting on 27 July 1954, reviewed the final summary of reported aerial sightings. The report states that the current program of UFO investigation remains open to serious potential criticism by the public since possible evidence of inexplicable phenomena could arise from close examination. It mentions that there have been some cases where military and civilian crew members, and passengers, witnessed an unexplained sighting of their American Airlines plane on 25 February 1959.

The panel recommends that even after the lapse of six months, it is urgent that the investigation in this case be intensified by a full report to be made to the panel at an early date. It further recommends that the earliest possible moment when, in its judgment, a case warrants such immediate investigation, it should be viewed with its significance or scientific value.

The document lists the panel members as:
Dr. L. V. Robinson, AFOTN-NE, Astronomer
Dr. Theodore J. Steatt, AFCIN-4X3, Public Relations
Dr. V. J. Honnshcher, RDESAD, Physicist
Major Leroy D. Figg, WCLDPRH, Psychologist
Captain M. Fritz, EMH, Chaplain
Major Robert J. Friend, AFOTN-WTIC, Aerial Phenomena
Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Air Force Consultant

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AFCIN-4-Tl5 Weekly Activity Report
SUBJECT: UFO Program
1. An UFO Advisory Panel meeting was held in the office of the Aerial Phenomena Group on Monday, 25 May 1959. Possible approaches which would possibly make an extension of Special Report #14 more comprehensive were discussed. It was concluded that the Aerial Phenomena Group would immediately give consideration to making a detailed analysis of particular events to determine their possible effect on the number of UFO reports. A talk by Frank Edwards on 6 June 1959 at Akron, Ohio was decided to be used as an initial event for this study on UFO's.

(PPT-3779, Maj. R. J. Friend, 69216)
(UNCLASSIFIED)

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, specifically an "UFO ADVISORY PANEL MEETING" held on 25 May 1959. The document lists the attendees, introduces the purpose of the meeting, and discusses the information contained in a report. It also mentions some tentative suggestions made during the meeting, such as time line analysis and a presentation by a Dr. Robinson on correlating astronomical events with UFO sightings.

UFO ADVISORY PANEL MEETING
25 May 1959

Members - Dr. L. V. Robinson, AUIN-B, Astronomer 
Dr. Theodore V. Hiebert, AUIN-B, Public Relations
Dr. V. J. Himmelsbach, RUACD, Physicist
Colonel W. R. Clingerman, WODD/ARDC, Psychologist
Colonel J. Boyd Gaddis, DWAOPS, Chaplain
Major Robert J. Friend, AFOIN-4ME

Introduction:
The purpose of this meeting was to determine the type of information which should be used for corrections in briefing special report #11.

All members of the panel were present.

Discussion:
Major Friend opened the meeting with general background information on the negative and generally unspecific Report #11. It was explained to the panel that the information contained in the report was almost as pure statistical and that for the most part the information gained was negative in nature. The meeting was then opened to the members for discussion and comments. It was decided that a further examination of this area would be continued at the next meeting (Special Report #11). However, the following tentative suggestions were made and discussed by the panel:

Major File - Time line analysis after some major event which could possibly extract the number of UFO sightings. Frank Edwards is to give a presentation on Unidentified Flying Objects on 6 June 1959; at which time, Ohio and this was selected as our first event - if a consistent the criteria used in the analysis before there is an increase in the number of UFO reports, it would allow the Air Force to anticipate these surges and possibly take action.

Dr. Robinson - Suggested that predictable astronomical events (i.e. meteor showers) be correlated with the UFO sightings. In conclusion with this it was also suggested that periods of extreme cloudiness-these astronomical events could possibly not be observed.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph, but rather an old report document from Project Blue Book. As requested, I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

Captain Fritz - Suggested that periods of extreme public anxieties be correlated with UFO sightings. These periods of anxieties may be politically, economically, religiously, etc.

Capt. ---------- further pointed out that people are generally fallible, particularly in matters of religion.

Mr. Handsoher - Suggested that the sighting may be an extension of the "cold war" - He also indicated that the A.V.C. (this name is illegible) may be an air defense search for foreign airings.

Summary:
It was concluded that the Aerial Phenomena Group would immediately give consideration to the major suggestion of a time line analysis using the "Frank Edwards" talk as an initial event. 
The other suggestions would be shelved until the next meeting of the Panel 1 which all numbers would be more familiar with special reports.

Mr. Heiast is to show the moving pictures of the UFOs shown which was on the Armstrong Circle Theater TV program.

ROBERT J. FRIEND
Major, USAF
ACIC-ATIC

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AFOTN-1412 Weekly Activity Report
SUBJECT: UFO Program
3 May 1959

1. On Wednesday, 5 May 1959, the newly formed UFO Advisory Panel had its first meeting. The purpose of this meeting was to brief the members on the UFO Program and the purpose of the panel.

2. The Panel consists of men qualified in diversified fields: 
Mr. Carl Anderson, Consultant, APGC
Mr. Theodore R. Beatt, Public Relations, 4C3
Maj. Dewey E. Feect, Psychologist, GEDR
Mr. Y. T. Handmaacher, Physicist, RD/SXD
Dr. L. V. Robinson, Astronomer, AAFM

The organizations to which these men belong graciously allowed their services on a voluntary basis.

3. The purpose of the panel is to review the more troublesome cases, spot trends in the program, and make suggestions as to the future outlook. The regular meeting time of this panel is tentatively the last Monday of each month.

(PPT-5771, Mrs. F. J. Friend, 6-0216)
(UNCLASSIFIED)

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

UFO Advisory Panel Meeting, 6 May 1959
ATIC
AFCIN-AT-ll/w/ll1js R. F. Friend/69236

1. A copy of the briefing given at the initial meeting of the UFO Advisory Panel is enclosed for your information and retention.

2. The intention of AFCIN-4Bk is to schedule the meeting of the panel on the last Monday of each month.

3. The next scheduled meeting of the panel is 0900, Area "A", Bldg. #63.

4. The main topic of discussion will be "Procedure for a Statistical Study of the UFO Program".

2 Incl:
1. Cy of Briefing.
2. Points of Disc.

O.C.R. McMynn
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4B

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document detailing a meeting of the UFO Advisory Panel.

CVBS TO: BILL - CHAPLAIN GRAHAM
REPORT - REL 3 BKI9/5
RADAS - MR. HENDERSON
ATCIM™ DH. H. HATHAWAY

SUBJECT - MEETING OF UPC ADVISORY PANEL
LOCATION - AACIM Bldg.
DATE - 22 APR 59

ATTENDING: MR. HYNEK
AACIN - DR. H. HATHAWAY

1. This was a meeting of the UFO ADVISORY PANEL, and was held on Wednesday, 22 APR 59, at 0900, in Room 3, Langley AFB, South, Bldg. 263, Area "A".

2. The purpose of this meeting is to brief the members of the panel on the program, and the progress of operations, and the present operations.

3. The information to be discussed will not exceed a classification of CONFIDENTIAL.

4. This DF is a follow-up to the telephone notice of this meeting.

5. If unable to attend, notify AACIN-LNO by telephone, Ext. 69216.

6. We still plan to hold these meetings on the last Monday of each month. However, we are deviating at this time in an effort to get the Advisory Panel under way.

VINCENT C. FLITTNER
COLONEL, USAF
AACIN-LNO

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a document titled "DISPOSITION FORM" from the Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel of the USAF.

FILE NO.
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel
TO: WGLDP
ATTN: Lt/Col Farris
FROM: AFOIN-4dh/Mai 1 Fifield/30/6/59/RDG 828

The key text from the document is as follows:

DISPOSITION FORM
1. Technical Intelligence Command has responsibility for the Air Force Unidentified Flying Objects Program. The interest in this area is threefold, to determine if UFO's constitute a threat to national security or are a danger in any way, to determine if there are any areas of scientific interest and the public relations aspects.
2. In an effort to improve our method of handling this program the ATIC proposes the formation of an advisory panel composed of persons qualified in the following areas: Psychology, Physic, Astronomy, Religion, Public Relations.
3. This panel to meet one day each month for the purpose of detecting possible trends in the program and to make recommendations for possible improvements in the method of operation. Tentative membership will remain in effect until July 1, 1959, at which time a review will be made and necessary changes scheduled.
4. It is requested that WGLDP support this effort with the service of a Psychologist to be utilized as stipulated above.
5. It is further requested that this office be notified if the requested support is to be granted, and the name and telephone number of the individual assigned. If in the affirmative.

/s/ R.K GIBBS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components
Air Technical Intelligence Center

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document with information about an "Advisory Panel Aerial Phenomena Group", including the names and contact details of various individuals such as chaplains, public relations personnel, psychologists, physicists, and astronomers.

CHAPLAIN
Chaplain (Lt/Col) Richard M. Graham
Ext. Phone 60317
Chaplain (Capt) Mervin R. Johnson
Ext. Phone 60317

PUBLIC RELATIONS
Mr. Theodore J. Hisett
AFOIN-1X3, Phone 55466
Mr. Spencer W. Whedon
AFOIN-1X2, Phone 57136

PSYCHOLOGY
Major Larry D. Flick
WDLPPA, Phone 58278  

PHYSICIST
Mr. V. J. Handmaeker
WLRPXO, Phone 73243

ASTRONOMER
Dr. L. V. Robinson
AFOIN-1X1, Phone 60224

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a document titled "DISPOSITION FORM" regarding an "Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel" meeting.

DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO.   SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel
TO ATTIC   FROM: RDZ23XD
ATTN:  AFCIN-4E4, Maj Friend
1. Mr. V. J. Handschuh, Space Systems Office, (RD23XD), will be available to participate on Subject panel.
RALPH D. HODGE
Chief, Space Systems Office of the Deputy for Advanced Systems Management Directorate or Systems Management

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel

TO: ATIC 6-19 FROM: WGLDPP DATE: 27 March 1959 COMMENT NO. 2
Mr. ATIC 6-19 Mtr. Marelic/sso 22228/BR18/R200-C

1. The Behavioral Sciences Division of the Aero Medical Laboratory nominates Major Leonard A. Pike, 2/2/14, to serve as a member of the subject panel. Major Pike, who is a trained psychologist, is rated a Command Pilot. He has a clearance for Secret Clearance 21 March 1951.

2. It is understood that participation in the activities of the advisory panel is voluntary and subject to limitation by priority obligations on the time of the nominees.

3. Major Pigg, symbol: WGLDPP, extension 36278, should be advised directly of the details of the First meeting.

HOWARD G. PARIS
Chief, Behavioral Sciences Division
Aero Medical Laboratory

- page 14 -

The image contains no photograph, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the following text found in the document:

ATIC, Subject: Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel, 16 Mar 59
TO: ATIC
FROM: EMH
DATE: 20 Mar 59  COMMENT NR. 2
Ch (Lt Col) Graham/60317/ae

1. The Chaplains Section is very much interested in basic communications.

2. Chaplain (Captain) Mervin R. Johnson of the undersigned will be responsible for attending all called meetings of the proposed panel. The telephone extension for both is 6-0317.

RICHARD M. GRAHAM
Chaplain (Lt Colonel), USAF
Installation Chaplain

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States. The text of the document is as follows:

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel, 16 Mar 59
TO: AFOIN-4H4 
FROM: AFOIN-443

AFOIN-4H3 enthusiastically endorses this proposal and concurs in appointment of Mr. Hanett to the panel. We suggest that Mr. Hanett be listed as an alternate.

/s/ Paul T. Hanell
Deputy Chief
AFOIN-443

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a "Disposition Form" document related to an "Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel" from the Air Technical Intelligence Center.

The text found in the document is as follows:

DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO. SUBJECT Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel
TO EWHI FROM ATIC DATE 15 Mar 59 COMMENT NO. 1
Lt/Col R. M. Graham: 
1. The Air Technical Intelligence Center is responsible for the Air Force's function to collect and evaluate data on Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO's) in an effort to determine if UFO's constitute a threat to national security or are a danger in any way. So determine if there are any areas of scientific interest and the public relations aspects.
2. In an effort to improve our method of handling this program the ATIC proposes the formation of an advisory panel composed of persons qualified in the following areas:
Religion
Psychology
Physics
Astronomy
Public Relations
The personnel for this panel to be provided on a voluntary basis by Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and the tenant organizations. 
3. This panel to meet one day each month for the purpose of detecting possible trends in the program and to make recommendations for possible improvements in the method of operation. Tentatively the panel will meet on the last Monday of each month. Members of this panel will be notified by phone and/or D. R. when a meeting is scheduled.
4. It is requested that a highly qualified religious leader or at least strong religious overtones, "it is requested that ATIC make available the services of a Chaplain to be utilized as stipulated above.
5. It is further requested that this office be notified if the requested support is to be granted, and the name and telephone number of the individual assigned, if in the affirmative.

/s/ H.K. GILBERT
Col, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components
Air Technical Intelligence Center

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Disposition Form from the Air Technical Intelligence Center regarding an "Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel" meeting on April 16, 1959. The form outlines the purpose of the panel, the areas of interest to be discussed, the personnel involved, and a request for support from AFCIN-4X3.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

DISPOSITION FORM
FILE NO.	SUBJECT
TO AFCIN-4X3	FROM	Unidentified Flying Objects Advisory Panel
COMMENT NO. 1
1. The Air Technical Intelligence Center is responsible for the Air Force's Unidentified Flying Objects Program. The interest in this area is three-fold: to determine if UFO's constitute a threat to national security or are a danger in any way, to determine if there are any areas of scientific interest and the public relations aspects.
2. In an effort to improve our method of handling this program the ATIC proposes the formation of an advisory panel composed of persons qualified in the following areas:
Public Relations
Psychology
Physics
Astronomy
Religion
The personnel for this panel to be provided on a voluntary basis by Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and the Genesnt organizations.
3. This panel to meet one day each month for the purpose of detecting possible trends in the program and to make recommendations for possible improvements in the method of operation. Meetings will meet on the last Monday of each month and when a special meeting is scheduled.
4. It is requested that AFCIN-4X3 support AFCIN-4X4 with the services of Mr. Heslep. Mr. Heslep will serve as the public relations expert on the panel described above.
5. It is further requested that AFCIN-4X4 be notified if 4X3 is unable to support this effort.
LEONARD T. GLASER
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4X4

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). 

The text in the document is as follows:

XX TITLE: UFOB 
ATTN: Col Holms 
TO: UFOB PROJECT 
ATTN: Mr. Horne

1. The Air Technical Intelligence Center is responsible for the Air Force's Unidentified Flying Objects Program. The interest in this case is threefold: to determine if the UFO's constitute a threat to our national security; to determine if there are any aspects of scientific interest; and if there are any aspects of public relations interest.

2. In an effort to improve our method of handling this program the ATIC proposes the formation of an advisory panel composed of persons qualified in the following areas:
     Physics
     Psychology 
     Astronomy
     Public Relations

The personnel for this panel is to be provided on a voluntary basis by Wright-Patterson 
Air Force Base.

3. This panel is to meet one day each month for the purpose of discussing and reviewing the trends in the current UFO reports, to assist the ATIC in the method of operation. Tentatively the panel will meet on the last Monday of each month.

4. It is requested that the UFOB support the Air Technical Intelligence Center with the services of a Physicist to be utilized as stipulated above.

5. It is further requested that this office be notified if the requested support is to be granted, and the name and telephone number of the individual designated.

H. K. GILBER
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components
Deputy Chief, Intelligence Center

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an official file copy of a document related to the "Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Panel" from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
AFCIN-IAEZ/WAS Friend/89216
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Panel

1. The next meeting of the UFO panel will be held during the month of September 1960. The place will be announced at a later date by telephone.

2. All during the life of the Air Force program to investigate and evaluate sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena or objects, it has been recognized that the names "Unidentified Aerial Phenomena" or "Unidentified Flying Objects" have been used to designate phenomena or flying objects which have been observed. Reports which are pure figments of the imagination or which are a result of misinterpretation or misidentification are called "Unidentified Flying Objects" and tend to establish in the public to the natural extension of associating the term "flying saucers" with greater curiosity.

3. You are requested to consider an official name for the program "Unidentified Phenomena/Objects" as for the alphabetized name, this would result in "UFO", not too different from the present "UFO".

4. You are not restricted to the names mentioned above, and at the meeting you should suggest any which you feel to be more appropriate.

5. Our sincere appreciation is offered to you and your organization for the efforts which you have made in this connection. Only through such willing and cooperative attitudes between organizations can only result in successful completion of our assigned mission.

PHILIP G. EVANS 
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-IE

COORDINATION:
AFCIN-IEE      Date 11 Aug 60
AFCIN-IEZ      Date 9 Aug 60

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images, it is a scanned document from Project Blue Book. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract and output the text found in the document:

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD

SUBJECT: UFO Panel Meeting, 16 June 1960

1. On 16 June 1960, a UFO Panel Meeting was held at ATIC. The following members of the panel were present:

Mr Theodore Steatt, ATIC
Dr J. Allen Hynek, Consultant 
Mr J. Handschinke, WADD
Mr John Williams, WDSSC, WPAR
Major Robert J. Friend, ATIC

2. The following subjects were on the agenda for this meeting:

a. Dalton, Massachusetts ice fall, 25 March 1960.
b. Redmond, Oregon UFO sighting, 24 September 1959.
c. LaCamp, Louisiana UFO sighting, 12 April 1960.
d. Proposed study by the Aerial Phenomena Group.

3. a. The Dalton, Massachusetts case (ice fall), 25 March 1960. A 30 pound chunk of ice fell from the sky in Dalton, Massachusetts. An analysis of the ice determined it to be a large piece of the ice in its freezer, to save it. Subsequent to this, it was determined that the water over its outer cover in order to insure that only its original composition was analyzed and it was analyzed at the physical laboratory of WADD to determine its composition. A copy of the report of this analysis is being retained as it may have interest in this area.

b. On 29 September 1959, a UFO was sighted at Redmond, Oregon by a policeman and an employee of the FAA facility. The FAA installation at Seattle upon receiving the report from Redmond, Oregon, contacted the Air Force for assistance to determine the nature of the sighting. Civilian aircraft were scrambled, but were unsuccessful in their attempts at interception. Subsequent to 28 September 1959, the GCI site has had similar returns from the Redmond area. The GCI site did not consider there was a relationship between the visual and radar sighting, but the the FAA logs carried them as one report. No report of this case was made.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely an internal report or investigation summary.

to ATIC. However, Major Keyhoe, NICAP, obtained a copy of the FAA report in detail but this report did not come through normal channels. The investigation by ATIC revealed that the radar sighting was probably caused by a "fighter antenna" and the visual sighting was probably due to a refraction of the planet Venus which was in a position that coincided with the sighting by the witnesses.

c. On 12 April 1960, an object struck the ground at LaGamp, Louisiana causing a loud explosion, a flash of light and leaving several deep holes in the ground. This was observed by one witness. Samples were taken from the ruptured ground and forwarded to ATIC along with the report. Analysis of the samples by the committee and the report is being forwarded to ATIC by a contractor. A telephoned brief of the report indicated that the residue in the holes was "wet" and increased the mystery in this case. Stereoscopic photographs of the ruptured ground were included with the report. It is hoped that further analysis will provide some light on the cause for this case. No conclusion was reached or suggested by the panel.

d. The panel was unanimous in the opinion that a comprehensive study of the "UFO 1957 through 1959 cases" is necessary, covering the entire period January, 1953 to the present. The information to be charted on the IBM cards used for the past cases was discussed. Dr. Bowen is reviewing the information for discussion at the next panel meeting.

1. The panel unanimously reaffirmed a previous recommendation by Project Grudge that adequate investigators be made available to handle the general investigation problem. It is felt that the investigation problem requires individuals who are familiar with the special nature of the UFO problem. Investigators should have background in astrophysics, astronomical techniques, and general information concerning the UFO problem as well as experience in field investigative techniques.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a series of classified U.S. government files regarding investigations of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATT'N OF: AFCIN-4E

SUBJECT: Meeting of UFO Panel, 7 April 1960

TO: AFCIN-4E2 (Colonel Shoop)
Major Friend

I find your UFO Panel, 7 April 1960 report most interesting. I share your concern about "scientific potential" of sightings. I have the following guidelines:

a. My policy is still to divest 4D of responsibility as rapidly as possible.

b. Reference I-B investigations must be within the current limited TDY funds available to 4D2.

c. Reference I-G determine with 4D if this is within current equipment and manpower resources available to them, if not see me before commitment.

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4E

I Atch
Memo for Record 4/12/60
Subj: Meeting of UFO Panel

- page 23 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a document page from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force study of unidentified flying objects. The text on the page discusses various topics related to the meeting of the UFO Panel on April 7, 1960. It covers topics such as the redirection of the program, the filling system, and a case of collecting evidence within the ATIC (Air Technical Intelligence Center). The document also discusses the US Air Force's handling of UFO sightings over the past 13 years.

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD
SUBJECT: Meeting of UFO Panel, 7 April 1960

I. Discussion:
A. The following topics were discussed: Redirection of program, filling system, and a case of collecting evidence within the ATIC, Massachusetts.

B. For the past 13 years ATIC has coped with the intelligence and public relations problems presented by so-called UFOs. In the latter days of the 1940's there was some reason sorely to fulfill the demands of collecting and evaluating further the reported phenomena which would in any way affect national defense. This was, and has continued to be, the primary concern of ATIC in this respect. During the dozen or more years in which ATIC has been the recipient of a total of over 8000 reports, there has been no time at which the validity of some substantial proportion of the cases could not be proven by identification of common objects such as aircraft, balloons, etc., showed any hostile intent.

C. The conviction has grown on the part of the people directly concerned of the ATIC staff that UFO's have become commonplace. It has become routine to continue the type of "score-keeping" and monitoring of UFO sightings on the basis of hostile intent. This is not held to mean that our first look at UFO reports should not be to determine if they give evidence of possible threat to national security, for this is a primary concern but rather that this should not be the final step in cases which give further indication of having cosmic rather than hostile intent.

D. Furthermore, it is now clear that UFO activities are not confined to the United States, but considerable such activity has occurred in Israel, and certain other countries, and that even Russia is not without similar activities. Indeed, the panel understands that there are some Russian scientists who are giving careful attention to aerial phenomena, broader in general scope than UFO's, but nonetheless including what we normally hear called UFO's. In view of the many millions of dollars already spent by the United States Air Force on this subject, some other nations have become interested.

- page 24 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on unidentified flying objects. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Transcribed text from the document:

"Group should, in their relatively short attention to this subject, find or discover any scientific foundation: it is the panel's firm belief, based on examined evidence, that the so-called unknown sightings are the result of insufficient and inadequate reports, lacking in precise details and physical phenomena, often perhaps of a meteorological or astronomical character.
The panel further recognises that in the next decade sky surveyors, electronic and optical will of necessity encounter many field detection devices, such as the Baker Nunn Cameras and new types of telescopes. Parabolic antennas are already in the process of development. It follows, therefore, that in the next few years surveillance groups will have to contend with many of the phenomena which have heretofor been reported to ATIC. The development of this equipment will of necessity be stimulated by its ability to discern between natural occurrences and phenomena related to real objects in the sky. While these surveillance devices will be used for possible scientific progress, it must be realistically recognised that they also, possibly with refinement, the equipment upon which we will depend for the first steps in defense detection and to do no more can call for much imagination, in view of recent history. The reliability and speed of these detecting devices will depend upon the reliability of the system, and allowance for effective reaction in event of an attack will depend upon the reliability and speed of these detecting devices. It is equally dangerous to think of taking aggressive action due to misidentification of some object seen in the sky, or to take action if our detection devices dismiss an enemy missile as a meteor. In order to realize such limitations, the scientific and technical characteristics must be exactly determined. Other important patterns such as frequency of occurrence must also be determined, as this is an indication of how often our detecting devices would be called upon to estimate such phenomena. It is difficult to imagine which devices would we used to detect. The differentiating factors would be small; therefore, the number of characteristics which are as greater variations should be considered to help increase reliability of such a detector. This, of course, indicates and emphasizes the difficulties both the characteristics and scientific position of these phenomena, in the ATIC files, but it requires further processing for its scientific value.

II. Recommendations:
A. The panel hereby recommends a review of past material in light of accrued experience, and a thorough scientific analysis be made of those cases which are determined to be the more outstanding and having a high scientific potential.
B. It is recommended that in future, after consideration has been given to the threat possibilities, that those cases which give indication"

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AFCIN-44k
UFO Advisory Panel
8 September 1959
Memo:
1. Attached for your information is a folder containing an agenda and background information for briefing reports /At (Project Blue Book).
2. Please be reminded that the UFO Advisory Panel meeting day has been changed to the last Thursday of each month, which will make the next scheduled date 24 September 1959.
RICHARD H. SNOOP
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-44k
1 Atch:
n/a

- page 26 -

