There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card containing textual information.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
23 April, 1960
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local 2030-2045
5. PHOTOS
None (NO PICTURES)
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Several over 15 minutes
9. COURSE
Unr
11. COMMENTS
In view of the random movement and location in the city together with the low clouds and haze it is quite possible that the children were observing light reflections from the haze or clouds.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
  5-?-?
  Month    Day    Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) YES NO
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: 
Cincinnati, 30, Ohio
Cincinnati, 30, Ohio

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Deferred to other report

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
We dont know what it was, but it wasnt an airplane

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an old UFO report document.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) YES        NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1600 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES        NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Two feet - miler

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted] 
ADDRESS [Redacted]  
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
What is your present job?
Age [Redacted] Sex [Redacted]
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school [Redacted]
b. High school [Redacted] 
c. College [Redacted]
d. Post graduate [Redacted]
e. Technical school [Redacted] 
f. Other special training [Redacted]

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to gather information about reported sightings or encounters. The form provides instructions for the user to fill out details about the observation, such as the date, location, and any additional comments or sketches that may be relevant. The form has several blank fields for the user to fill in, but the specific details have been redacted or obscured in this image.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filled and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following spaces to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-state statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME:
SIGNATURE: 
DATE:
CODE:

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report describing a UFO sighting.

Dear Sirs:
I wish to report a sighting of some unidentified flying objects. I saw four such objects on the night of April 9, 1960 from 8:30 to 8:43 p.m. This was bright and thin objects flying slowly and disappearance behind cloud cover. The objects appeared and then disappeared again. The telephone number are at the end of this report.
At 9:30 p.m. I saw a red light in the sky stationary in the northeast. It was on for several minutes and then disappeared. Then another one exactly the same appeared and then disappeared again.
I am submitting this report as I feel these sightings were unusual and should be recorded.
Sincerely,
[REDACTED]

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text describing a UFO sighting.

Text transcribed from the document:

Appeared to turn exit light downward
Slightly and stayed over area around one
Instant and light record and both went
To the east at very high speed
Objects were about 900 feet high
Lasted only a short time with fast
Climbing and a little maneuvering and
Disappeared [Redacted name]
Cincinnati 36 Ohio
Apr 11

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements. It appears to be a text-based document or report related to a UFO sighting.

APGTN-122
UFO Sighting-
SAPOR-3d (Maj Tacker)
Suggests three questionnaires be forwarded for completion by
FOR THE COMMANDER:
PHILIP O. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components
1 Atch:
Cy ltr 29 Apr 60 fr

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which contains a questionnaire for reporting unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be mentioned in connection with the information unless permission is granted. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 3-22 Day Month Year 
2. Time of day: 4 Hour 45 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Cincinnati, Ohio City or Town State or Country
Additional remarks: 
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 15 Hours 0 Minutes 0 Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Full moon d. Partial moonlight e. Hazy, overcast f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

There is no photograph or image present on this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page appears to be a questionnaire or survey form that asks various questions about the observer's experience with a sighted object, such as the stars and moon observed, the brightness of the object, its movements and appearance, and what equipment the observer used to view it.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? (Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several blocks away?, c. (A block away)?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time?, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?, c. Break up into parts or exploded?, d. Give off smoke?, e. Change brightness?, f. Move up and down?, g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: ___________

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: __________

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?, b. Transparent?

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass

OCR output:
8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? (Circle One): a. Yes, b. No

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight? (Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?, b. Several blocks away?, c. (A block away)?, d. Several yards away?, e. Other

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time?, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?, c. Break up into parts or exploded?, d. Give off smoke?, e. Change brightness?, f. Move up and down?, g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: ___________

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: __________

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?, b. Transparent?

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass

- page 9 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch depicting an elongated object described as a "house" in the report. The edges of the object are described as "fuzzy or blurred", indicating the witness did not see a clearly defined shape. There are also multiple arrow-like shapes drawn below the main object, suggesting there were multiple objects observed.

The text output from the image is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound  Trace.
b. Color  Red, or reddish, very light.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and generally indicate any exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
   a. Head of a pin 
   b. Dime
   c. Nickel
   d. Quarter
   e. Half dollar
   f. Other
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.):
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could visualize the object that you saw. (Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what kind of shape would it have? What color would it be, and what other characteristics would you give it-such as the same appearance as the object which you saw?)

The text output from the OCR system is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
   a. Head of a pin
   b. Dime
   c. Nickel
   d. Quarter
   e. Half dollar
   f. Other
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.):
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Faded out gradually and other objects obscured my view of it
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could visualize the object that you saw. (Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what kind of shape would it have? What color would it be, and what other characteristics would you give it-such as the same appearance as the object which you saw?) Brilliant metallic silver and cigar shaped, larger than the other objects seen.

- page 11 -

The image contains three sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with an "A" marker and an object above the horizon line. The second and third sketches show a person standing on a road with buildings in the background, and a person standing in front of a curved horizon with a semicircular shape above.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position where the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 12 -

