The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

The text in the image is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
2. LOCATION
Crete, Illinois
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground - Visual
6. EVALUATION
Civilian
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Very bright silvery object, it stopped and hovered at about 1,000 feet.  It traveled slowly on an erratic course, moving up and down, and seemed to "disappear after about 12-15 seconds.  Appeared silver - color, metallic, reflective.  Unusual movement pattern - zigzag, up and down "as if dancing".  90 deg elevation.
12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon
Probably Balloon
Probably Aircraft
Probably Astronomical
Insufficient Data - Unknown

- page 1 -

The image contains two sketches or illustrations, but no photographic image. The larger sketch on the left shows the trajectory of an object as described in the text, with a curved line and a point marked "A" on it. The smaller sketch on the right shows a landscape view with a person standing in the foreground.

Text extracted from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that the object was observed (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 2 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDY (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds 
c. Overcast
d. Thick or heavy clouds

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
day month

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? 
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37. IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
The object appeared to be round or oval in shape. It was fiery orange in color and was moving swiftly across the sky. It maneuvered around causing abnormal movements unlike normal aircraft the witness has observed. The witness believes the object exhibited properties that were not typical of conventional aircraft.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document with a questionnaire.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/8 mile - 1/4 mile

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] [REDACTED], [REDACTED], [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
Age: 67 Sex: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 Apr 60

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object, Crete, Illinois

SAFOT-3d (L/Col Tacker):
It is requested that a questionnaire be forwarded to Mr. ___ at Crete, Illinois.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

WILLIS G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter dated September 28, 1960.

Under date of 30 August, Lieutenant Clark of Park Forest, Illinois, reported the sighting of an unidentified flying object by you on 29 August. This letter contained insufficient information for a valid air force investigation. It is requested that you fill out the attached Air Force Technical Information Release form...

Sincerely,
LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Department of the Air Force, United States Air Force, regarding an "Unidentified Flying Object" observed in Crete, Illinois on August 29, 1960.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 5D 25-21-305

SUBJECT: (U) Unidentified Flying Object
Crete, Illinois, 29 August 1960
Submitted by D.J.SCHNECKER

TO: AFSC CAPG-IN-4E29

Attached letter from Lt JOHN T. CZEK, USNR, dated 30 August 1960, is
forwarded for your information and any action deemed appropriate.

DOYLE REES
Colonel, USAF
Commander

COPY TO:
DG OSI (AFCSI-6)
W/ATCH

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Officer-in-Charge
U.S. Air Force Investigation Unit
Dayton, Ohio
August 30, 1960

Dear Sir:

I wish to report the sighting of an object which might be an interplanetary craft. The object was observed at a point 2 miles west of Crete, Illinois, near a gleaming chrome-like football-shaped object hovering over the ground. It was at the time of the sighting, between 1:15 and 1:45 AM CST. The object was observed through an 8x scope. Visibility was very good, but there may have been some light haze. The duration of the sighting was less than a minute. I would judge that it would probably be impossible to catch the object, as I am reporting because I suspect that any sightings of this nature are generally treated very skeptically, and anyone who reports seeing a "flying saucer" is usually ridiculed as being eccentric. In my case, I have no reason to doubt my own observation which was of a very interesting nature. I am not given to fancies, and, unless I am greatly mistaken, I have observed something quite out of the ordinary. If there is any possibility that this object was some type of conventional aircraft, I would be glad to have that information. However, I saw no lights, either flashing or steady, and the object gave no indication of being an aircraft. It was simply hanging motionless in the air. I hope this report will be received and treated seriously. If there are others who have observed similar objects, I would be interested in hearing from them.

Respectfully,
John P. Calvin
Captain, U.S.A.F.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force study of unidentified flying objects.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT, CRETE, ILLINOIS
SAFOP-34 (L/COL TACKFR)
IT IS REQUESTED THAT A QUESTIONNAIRE BE FORWARDED TO:
MRS. ROSE SCHANCHE
R.R. 1, CRETE, ILLINOIS
FOR THE COMMANDER:
PHILIP 0. EVANS
COLONEL, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to gather information about reported UFO sightings.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified flying object you saw. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for statistical purposes and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
8-22-60
Month
Day
Year
2. Time of day:
4
Hour
00
Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
CRETE, ILLINOIS
State of County
Additional remarks: ON THE MORNING OF AUGUST 22, 1960, I OBSERVED THIS OBJECT HOVERING OVER MY FARM FOR ABOUT 15 MINUTES.
5. How long was object in sight?
0
Hours
15
Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Timed with watch
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
NIGHT
a. Clear
a. Clear
b. Partly cloudy
b. Partly cloudy
c. Cloudy
c. Cloudy
d. Hazy
d. Hazy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to where you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your right
c. Behind you
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire with various questions about the witness's observations of the object or phenomenon.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
a. 1 STARS (Circle One) 
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One)
a. As a light 
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know 
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)
Yes No Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
Yes No Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One)
a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Sunglasses Yes No 
b. Car window Yes No
c. Telescope Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Windshield Yes No
h. Other Yes No

- page 11 -

The image appears to contain a sketch or diagram of an unidentified flying object, but no photograph is present. The text in the document describes various details about the object, such as its sound, color, and shape. It also asks the observer to indicate the edges of the object, whether there was more than one object, and to draw a sketch showing the direction the object was traveling. The text at the bottom appears to be the signature or initials of the observer.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ___ quiet ___
b. Color ___ silvery shiny ___

17. Note below all the details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please be very specific in describing the details you observed.
That: the object was a solid aluminum-like craft, the size of a small car. It appeared to be hurtling through the sky at near sonic speed, the surface of the object reflected light as it passed, no visible appendages or means of propulsion could be observed.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred 
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember

19. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
Sketch: There was only one object observed.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text output from the OCR (optical character recognition) system is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of
the path, a "T" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
Difficult to measure - larger

22. We wish to have the approximate size of the object. Please indicate on the sketch or describe and note
how much of the object is covered by the head of a match. If you had performed this experiment at the time
of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
7 or 8 times larger than a paper match is a good estimate

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Disappeared slowly, no sudden motion

24. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a
common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object
which you saw.
A simple reflection of a bright metallic object in a glass window would appear similar to what I saw.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how and where did you happen to notice it?
Seeing a circle-type vehicle, first noticed the object through trees where about 300 feet in the air.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
28.2 How fast were you moving? 15 miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was
from true North (This may aid in also showing the number of degrees it was from the horizon (elevation)).
31.1 When it first appeared: From true North -45- degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: 
a. From true North -45- degrees.
b. From horizon -45- degrees.

- page 14 -

