There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a record card with details about a UFO sighting incident.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6 May 60
2. LOCATION: Seattle, Washington
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 21:30
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes 
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: a/e
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Witness sent in photos of supposed UFO's. Photo-analysis showed three lights that they were light through a window and opening of street lights.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Four
9. COURSE: Stationary
10. COMMENTS: Photoanylysis showed reflectos of street lights as the cause.
11. CONCLUSION: Reflected lights

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document is as follows:

July 6, 1960

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Patterson Air Force Base, 
Ohio

Dear Sirs:

May 6, 1960, I saw my first chance to take "snap shots" of the strange sighting. I purchased a fair of 7x50 binoculars to aide my new contactor in single-shotting 35mm and Pola-color (camera to shots) to enlarge and enhance the image because we hadn't had clear sky since I bought them.

The weather report for that day was: 62-82 Fahrenheit with 15.0 k.t.s light winds at intervals.

I set the camera focus x f infinity) and the right eye piece of the binoculars fully counterclockwise (for greater telescopic range). Then, I put the camera lens right up against the central focus of the binoculars until the object filled my entire range of vision through the binoculars (I had always kept records of the exact focal point, and the elaborate equipment I had always kept records with).

I took four photos that night with Kodak 35mm film. Three were of the moon, and one with binoculars for 1/125th sec. the second was for 1/100th sec. The one of the star was blank, so I discarded it.

The first picture revealed only a fuzzy of the contours/image from the distant object. In the same slide (first frame) also reveals a relatively for image object, almost to the side of the main subject. In the success of colliding, these objects seem to form a sort of "star-speed" and also reveal a relatively less distinct to relatively more distinct gradations of light of the two objects, one being the larger and the other the smaller object relatively.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a typed letter or report text.

About "as far away as the moon. The upright frame makes me even more positive that this object is not a man-made one, but in the far lower left of the frame another another object is pictured. This object is much larger, closer or course, but, as I am sure you can see from the exact focusing, it is a completely separate one.

You'll notice too that there are two dots just above the object in frame. Viewing and inspecting the negative under magnification I'm convinced that all of these objects were under 2 dots.

For your convenience, I've included in outline the data and several pictures. I have decided to the negative, since I have no further use for it.

I would deeply appreciate a reply as to the of my findings.

Thankyou.

Yours truly,"

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report on unidentified flying objects, containing an outline with details about the sighting.

OUTLINE
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
I. Description
A. Saucer shaped with two dots above
B. Main bodies look very much like a Saturn
II. Time
A. May 6, 1960, Friday
B. 9:50 to 10:00 PM
III. Day's weather report
A. 82-92 degrees Fahrenheit
B. 0-61 inches of rain
IV. Equipment used
A. Contaflax 1, single lens reflex 35mm. camera
B. Taylin 7250 binoculars
C. Edmund Scientific Co. binoculars-to-camera
D. Edmund Scientific Co. clamp-type tripod
E. Tower's light meter (model 8305 - Serial 4511) 
F. Kodak Curtis fan 35mm film, U.S. Index dgl.
V. Number of Photographs & Saucers
A. 4 photos taken at that time of the heaven
B. 2 photos included moon & UFO's
VI. Exact copy of records kept on each frame.
(The rest of the text appears to be a list of photographic details)

- page 4 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing written text.

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-4E2/Maj Friend/69216 

SUBJECT: Request for Analysis

TO: AFCIN-4D4 

Request attached photographs and negatives be analyzed. Copy of correspondence accompanying photos is also attached to aid in analysis.

RICHARD H. SHOOP
Colonel, USAF 
AFCIN-4E2

1 Atch:
cy ltr 6 July 60 fr photos
and negatives

Ltr, AFCIN-4E2, 13 July 1960, Request for Analysis

TO: AFCIN-4E2 (Col R. R. SHOOP)

1. Analysis of the negatives and prints reveals that the objects shown are apparently identical to one or three lights similiar to those previously seen with other reports of this nature wherein a lights that mentioned as presenting a strong "blimp" in the central portion. A situation similar to that mentioned in 4 previous report was reconstructed and it was found that by varying the angle of the window through which the photos were taken, the images could be caused to appear and disappear. It is accordingly concluded that the images in the sequence in which they appear, the window would tend to be slightly more for each subsequent exposure.

WALTER PRICE, JR.
Chief, AFCIN-4D4

2 Atch: 
no change

- page 5 -

The image shows a hand-drawn diagram or sketch on what appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. The diagram contains various lines, labels, and annotations, but does not appear to contain any photographic content. 

Transcribing the text from the image:

6
Soan S
Dual 45-65
4\

r" z. _
L . E Negative
i 2 |- l 22. ¡r1

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The image contains a form titled "UFO Reports" and describes a SAFOI-3d (Lt/Col Tacker) case. The text indicates that a request was made on 13 July 1960 for an investigation, and all information will be forwarded to ATIC at a later date. The document is signed by PHILIP G. EVANS, Colonel, USAF, Deputy for Science and Components.

There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
AFC IN--U-5t
UFO Reports
SAFOI-3d (Lt/Col Tacker)
1. The photographs submitted by Wena of Seattle, Washington, were found to be reflections of stationary lights on a window, and is attempting to pass them off as flying objects. A poor, but determined, attempt to perpetrate a hoax. Any person would recognize the probable circumstances which gave rise to these pictures as definittfied flying objects.
A request was made on 13 July 1960, for an investigation. The investigation was made on 21 July 1960, and all information will be forwarded to ATIC at a later date.
FOR THIS COMMANDER:
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old government document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book.

SAFOI-34/1 "Col Tucker,

29 July 1960

Dear [redacted],

With your returning your photographs and negatives submitted with your letter of July 1960 concerning the flying objects, the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center has determined that these are definitely pictures of light fixtures reflecting on a window.

For your information I am enclosing the latest Department of Defense fact sheet on the subject of unidentified flying objects. It plainly states the Air Force's position in regard to this subject.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Magazine and Book Branch
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Seattle 33, Washington

Comeback GT-34
Reader OT-1

- page 8 -

The image contains a black and white photograph of what appears to be an official document or report. There is handwritten text at the top of the image that says "SAPER-23 (1/Col Tacker)". The rest of the text in the image appears to be typed and describes an alleged UFO sighting and investigation. 

OCR text output:
SAPER-23 (1/Col Tacker)
UFO Reports
SAPER-23 (1/Col Tacker)
1.	The SAPER, the objects reported as alleged UFO's, submitted by Mr. were carefully studied and the objects were determined to be blinking lights, on a window, which is typical of being off as a flying object. The apparent color and characteristics were reported in only general term and gave no light fixtures appearing as unidentified flying objects.
2.	A request was made on 13 July 1960, for an investigation of Bill X X  X.  The investigation was made on 21 July and information will be forwarded to ATC at a later date.
FOR THE COMMANDANT:
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components
1. C 7 Jul 60 
2. C 7 Jul 60

- page 9 -

