There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP
11 Aug 55 - 2250
2. LOCATION
GURNEE, ILLINOIS
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[] Ground-Radar
[X] Air-Visual
[] Ground-Visual
4. SOURCE
2. Air Force Office, Wright Air Development Division
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2-3 minutes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one
7. COURSE
erratic
8. COMMENTS
Objects both linear and elliptical shapes. More than one object, according to witness. Lights observed on the objects. Objects appeared to be traveling at varying speeds and course from horizon to horizon.
9. CONCLUSIONS
No definite conclusion. Witness is apparently reliable. Not identifiable as any known object. Possibly an aircraft of unconventional type.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing questions and instructions for the observer.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "O" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically one related to an incident that occurred on September 8, 1960 in Gurnee, Illinois.

The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or form that was used to gather information about the sighting. The form includes questions about the location, direction, and movement of the observed object, as well as the observer's actions and impressions at the time. There are also sections for the observer to provide estimates of the object's size, shape, and behavior.

- page 3 -

The image contains three sketches or drawings. The first one is a curved line drawing depicting an object in the sky, with rays or beams emanating from it. The second and third sketches appear to show landscape scenes, one with a road leading to the horizon, and the other with a distant horizon line.

TEXT FROM DOCUMENT:

22. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an X on the curved line to show how highly the object's altitude (elevation) would appear to you from that position when you first saw it. Place a Y on the same curved line to show how the object's altitude would appear to you at a later time in the sighting.  

23. In the following larger sketch, show the first and final positions of the object when you saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete this larger sketch.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various multiple-choice and open-ended questions about an observed unidentified object.

Project Blue Book 1960-09-8226977-Gurnee-Illinois.pdf5.txt

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog or mist, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Date: MONTH
Time: YEAR

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No 
34.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? 
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE [redacted] Sex [redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [redacted]

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and carried as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may recount any information that you already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional notes at the same time paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED]
DATE: [REDACTED]

The text in the form appears to be handwritten.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a typewritten letter dated November 16, 1960, addressed to "Dear Mr. [redacted]" from Lawrence J. Tacker, Public Information Division of the USAF, regarding an "unidentified flying object" that was reported earlier. The letter provides a response and analysis from the Air Force regarding the reported sighting.

16 November 1960

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This will acknowledge your letter of 25 October 1960 concerning an unidentified flying object as you witnessed on 8 October 1960 near Gurnee, Illinois. 

Your letter contained insufficient information for a valid conclusion. However, the Commander, Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, has analyzed the reported sighting and evaluated this case.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Public Information Division
Office of Information
USAF

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document, with lengthy text describing an unidentified aerial phenomenon or UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

Very annoying to attempt to explain to people. Extremely difficult incident. Very large dim object seen in sky at even, at altitude appeared to take off with burst of speed toward horizon in a zig zag course, moving silently. Object seemed to maneuver very quickly but was seen for about 10-15 seconds before disappearing in the distance. No explanation for it seen. Nothing in sky at the time that could have caused it.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

PROJECT-1624

SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING (B-52) 

1. SAPOT-31 (8/Col Tanker)

Request questionnaires be forwarded to Mr. [REDACTED] whose address is [REDACTED], Gurnee, Illinois.

A copy of Mr. [REDACTED] letter is attached for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

NICHOLAS POST
Acting Deputy
Science and Components

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, specifically a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Transcription of the text:

Strategic Air Command
Washington
D. C.

Approximately two months ago I became interested in watching the object reported in the newspapers for some time near Gurnee, Illinois. This object was described as a disc shaped object and was moving very slowly.
The object could be seen almost every evening at approximately 9:00 P.M. and remained in view for about 30 to 45 minutes. The object appears to be at an altitude of 3000 to 5000 feet above the horizon.
On a clear night it will appear to be a star, what by "Northern Star" and it is about 30 to 35 degrees above the horizon. 
As the object travels from North to South it appears to vibrate or oscillate from side to side as it passes across the sky. As it gets nearer to the horizon the colors start to change from a white to a very deep orange or red.
Could you offer any information on this.

Sincerely yours,
[REDACTED]

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned image of a typewritten letter.

October 24, 1960

Dear Mr. [Redacted],

Although we have received reports from other observers of this object which you describe, we have had no official literature concerning it from the Unidentified Flyirig Objects information reports. As a matter of policy, all such "unidentified objects" are considered as just that - "unidentified." Since no positive identification can be made through the information available, and since the object you describe is within the general pattern of such "unidentified objects," no further investigation is contemplated at this time. We appreciate your interest in this matter and thank you for bringing it to our attention.

Yours very truly,

Frank E. Strawman, Jr.
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NICHOLAS PUST 
AGENCY 

1 atch:
cy ltr 26 oct 60

SUGGESTS QUESTIONNAIRE BE FORWARDED TO *******, WHOSE ADDRESS IS: 
*******, ILLINOIS

A COPY OF MR ***********'S LETTER IS ATTACHED FOR YOUR INFORMATION.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a US Air Force Technical Information Sheet. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for statistical purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 
3. Time Zone: 
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was the object in sight? Hours, Minutes, Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire or form with various questions about an observed unidentified object.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moon (dark) d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: 
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. IF it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know  
b. Suddenly speed up at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know 
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Move in a straight line? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know 
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
(Circle One) 
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No 
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Headlights Yes No
f. Other Yes No

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing questions and instructions for the observer.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you see such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show what trails or vapor trails, if any. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle or fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 16 -

