The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card that contains textual information about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 15 Aug 60
2. LOCATION Abilene, Texas
3. DATE-TIME GROUP 2120
4. TYPE OBSERVATION Ground-visual
5. PHOTOS 0 # 0
6. SOURCE Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION ONE MINUTE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
The object appeared very rapidly across the sky. It was brightly lit, white in color, and gave off an orange glow. The object turned and hovered, then moved rapidly south until it vanished from sight. The object was observed by several witnesses, passed close to the witness and seemed to stir up the dust and vegetation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report from the U.S. Air Force's project Blue Book, which was an official project to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is titled "Unidentified Flying Object" and is addressed to the Commander of the 816th Air Division at Dyess Air Force Base in Texas.

HEADQUARTERS
816TH AIR DIVISION
DYESS AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 30
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: Commander
816th Air Division
Dyess Air Force Base, Texas

Referred to a letter received by this base on 17 Oct 1960 for your information.

/s/ P.J.
PAUL J. PENTOLINO, Major, USAF
Chief of Administrative Services

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph of a blurred or obscured object in the sky. The text below the image appears to be a letter describing an observation of an unidentified flying object.

Transcription of the text:

October 14, 1960 

Dyess Airforce Base
Abilene, Texas

Dear Sirs:

At 0:10, or possibly a minute or two later, O.C.T., this morning, I was sighting my telescope on the great double-star Albireos, when I happened to glance up casually through the open dome in that immediate area. The object appeared to be of a bright red hue and seemed to have crossed the milky way about halfway between the Cygnus and Cassiopeia constellations. It was traveling in a straight line, but its motion was peculiar in that the object appeared to be rocking or swaying from side to side as it traveled, rather rapidly, across the sky. The great nebula of Andromeda, a little south of the Milky Way, was my visual reference.

It took my eyes away from it and could never find it again. Its course could not have been very close to the earth, to be able to see it, possibly just a little to the south of it.

When I first observed it, I thought that it was an air plane flying at an altitude great enough to be seen through my telescope. But when I lowered my eye to look for the airplane, I could not find any airplane flying at that point, though I searched the sky carefully. And the motion was peculiar enough not to make me think it was an airplane in the first place.

Sincerely yours,
G.G. - McDonald Observatory

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center of the United States Air Force, dated 26 Oct 1960, regarding a report on a UFO sighting.

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (C-201 Tanker)

Details of the report have been forwarded to the USAF for investigation and forwarding directly to the public. ASTIALIAISON.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
L. LIGHT, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Comments

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. It appears to be a typed letter from the Department of the Air Force addressed to a recipient in Bangor, Texas.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

31 October 1960

This will acknowledge your letter of 14 October 1960 concerning your sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Your letter was most interesting but contained insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, we are unable to still out the attached Air Force questionnaire, as I previously requested, compiled documentary reports based on the information for their analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,
Lawrence J. Tacker
Lt Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Your questions are answered in my letter. Please refer to it.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet, likely from Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please be as accurate in answering the questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of Sighting: (Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
3. Time You Saw the Object: (Circle One) a. Daylight Saving Time b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was the object in sight?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day
b. Night
c. Cloudy
d. Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. In front of you
b. To the back of you
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

- page 6 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved horizon line and an object above the horizon, with instructions to indicate the height of the object above the horizon. The second sketch shows two larger sketches depicting landscapes, with a smaller sketch in the top right corner.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

In the following sketch, imagine that you are of the point shown. Please mark "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Please mark "B" at the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position where the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at the position where it was complete to compare the change in sketch.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text on the page:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Name: NTEL (CIAL)
Year: 1960

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[No response provided]

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I have no way of knowing. It might have been a fragment of something--a weather balloon, or a man-made object of some sort. Whatever it was, it was a most unusual object.

- page 8 -

