The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains various fields with information about a UFO sighting observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 18 sep 60
2. LOCATION: Tyndal AFB, Florida
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: None
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: O Ground-Radar, O Air-Visual, O Air-Intercept Radar
5. DURATION: Half Military 
6. NUMBER OF OBSERVERS: One
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10-15 min
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Bright white light, size of a grapefruit, which was hovering and then suddenly disappeared. Object was traveling on a steady course and was very bright. No trail.
11. CONCLUSIONS: Description and duration of object conform with observation of satellite. Disappearance accounted for by object passing into earth's shadow. No track information available. However, there is insufficient data to indicate a satellite as the source of sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

HEADQUARTERS
TYNDALL AIR FORCE BASE
4756TH AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
TYNDALL AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ATI-C

SUBJECT: Report on Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

TO: Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
ATTN: Mr. IULI LEVA
Columbus, Ohio

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, this is a report on an Unidentified Flying Object reported in this area on 18 September 1959.

2. Description of the object:
(1) Shape - Elliptical
(2) Size - Larger than the evening star.
(3) Color - Brighter to star, but brighter.
(4) Manner - 2
(5) Formation - 1/a
(6) Maneuverability features: Object was traveling on a steady course and it was very bright.
(7) Trail or tail - None observed.
(8) Unusual Features: I have observed other satellite trails, but this object seemed to be different. It did not behave at all like the various satellites.

3. Description of Course or Object:
a) At approximately 1900 local time an object was observed that appeared to be over the Gulf of Mexico south-southwest of this base. It was observed for approximately 10-15 minutes by 2 competent observers. 
b) The object appeared stationary at first, then seemed to move north slowly, and finally moved in a fast erratic course southwest and then disappeared. The object appeared to be under intelligent control and operated in a manner completely different from the various satellites observed.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing detailed written observations and descriptions about a reported UFO sighting.

(a) Angle or elevation of object: The angle or elevation of the object was about 55 degrees.
(b) Angle of departure: The angle of departure was in a northerly direction.
(c) Description of flight: The object was described as circular in shape, with a bright orange color, and was observed for approximately 5-7 minutes.
(d) Manner in which object disappeared: The object disappeared suddenly.
(e) Length of time object was visible: The object was visible for approximately 5-7 minutes.

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Method used in observation: Ground-visual
(2) Optical aids: None
(3) Aircraft used: None

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Date: 19 September
(2) Local time: Course 29 degrees 00 minutes

e. Location of observers: 55 36' - 30 12'

f. Identifying information on observers:
(1) Civilian
(2) Military: [REDACTED], Lt, USAF, AP op. (Training section)

g. Weather and wind-aloft conditions at time and place of sighting:
(1) Overcast condition of weather: The 5000-9000 feet wind was 200-300 degrees at 30-40 knots.
(2) Surface wind: The 5000 feet wind was 200-300 degrees at 30-40 knots.

(3) Remarks from weather station: The 5000/10 September visibility was 6,000-10,000 feet. Ceiling 6,000 feet.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book.

Ceiling: N/T
Visibility: Yem miles.
Amount of cloud cover: Less than 1/8.
Thunderstorms in area and aircraft in area: None.
Temperature present: 84.

GERALD G. SIMPSON
Colonel, USAF
Assistant Director of Operations

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, with handwritten text.

STATEMENT

On or about 12:25 p.m., 8 Sep  1960 I happened to look up at the sky and noticed a grey object in the southwest. I called to my wife to have a look at it. The object appeared circular, silver in color, and hovering. It seemed to be at an altitude of approximately 1500 to 2000 feet. After watching it for some 2-3 minutes, it began to move in a southwesterly direction and was lost from sight in about 1 minute.

I had a watch on but did not record the exact time. The object was in view for approximately 2-3 minutes. Shortly after seeing it, I called the authorities to report it but was informed that it was probably a weather balloon. I stated I did not believe this was the case as the size, color and movement of the object did not conform to that of a weather balloon. I reported this incident and was advised to have no further concern about it.

/s/ Arthur Coef
Affiant

- page 5 -

