The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a record card with information about an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 29 Sep 60
2. LOCATION: Wolfe City, Texas
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0600-0700
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
   - Ground-visual
   - Ground-Radar
   - Air visual
5. DURATION: Civilian
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: varied
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Motion stabilized. Appeared from 45° altitude to horizon. No direction given. Had general appearance of star or planet. Observations came to light the next day.
11. COMMENTS: Request for additional information sent. No reply. No conclusion can be drawn on identification given, except that possible refraction caused object to fluctuate. Further also reported from several other southern states during this time period.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

17 October 1960

Dear Mr. ___,

This is to acknowledge your undated letter to the Commander, USAF UFO Project concerning the sighting by you of an unidentified flying object on 28 September.

Your further contributing information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, we ask that you and one of the other witnesses compile the intended Air Force Questionnaires and forward the completed documents to the Commander, Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for their analysis and evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. ___,
Texas

Comeback OI-34
Inster OI-1

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document.

The text from the document is as follows:

The Wolfe City Public Schools
Superintendent 
WOLFE CITY, TEXAS

Commander
USAF UFO Project
Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

I would like to report what I genuinely believe to have been a UFO sighting on September 29, this year. The incident occurred in this community between the hours of 2:00 and 6:00. I am not an habitual writer of letters or this nature. Indeed, I am an Air Force Reservist (inactive) and am quite well aware of the noises of jets and the sounds of meteoric and cosmic air disturbances.

I have three witnesses to this sighting who will corroborate my story as the events that they observed correspond with UFO. I took great care to ascertain that what I was observing was not a conventional aircraft. It was silent, the maneuvers in the manner of one would expect of a satellite, or a guided missile.

From my window, the object moved southerly for forty-five degrees from the horizon down to approximately twenty. It had the general appearance of what would normally have been white to orange, red, and green. (Its motions would tend to rule out being out of Mars or any other celestial body.) As this latter position it hovered momentarily, then darted from side to side. Brilliant flashes of white light were occasionally still or move in a general upward direction. I got into my car and drove out on the highway to observe it better. According to the brightness and relative position on the horizon and in relation to my two positions of observation, it was sufficiently distant to be easily observed as approximately five or six miles away.

I was quite too sudden in direction and high in speed to have confused it with aircraft or the thing I thought might be a satellite. The object seemed to me quite solid and appeared to change color. When it was over Wolfe City, a Mrs. _____ and another person also observed the phenomenon and confirm its motions and color changes.

I want to the telephone and attempted to reach some agency in Dallas who would be interested in relating. I returned home and waited until (0:00) hours when I begged for and got permission to report this occurrence to your office. I feel that if this sighting is of significance, you should have the data. I am sending this letter by registered mail to assure its delivery. I have been stars were moving slightly, no doubt a manifestation of my viewing from fatigue.

Sincerely,
___________________

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed letter from the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, United States Air Force, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, regarding a UFO sighting reported by Emmit C. Mitchell.

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFCIN-4-E2x

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Emmit C. Mitchell)

TO: SAFOI-3d (l/Col Tucker)

Please forward two questionnaires to M- for completion by himself and one of the other witnesses. A copy of Mr- letter is attached for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document on the letterhead of "The Wolfe City Public Schools" in Wolfe City, Texas. The document is a letter written by Emmit C. Mitchell, addressed to the Board of Education, describing his observations of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

The text of the document is as follows:

The Wolfe City Public Schools
SIDNEY WASSON, Superintendent
WOLFE CITY, TEXAS

To make sure that I was not deluding myself about the original object, however I recall making several checks, to wit:

1. The object exhibited a light of a lower temperature than any observed stars; this being considerably
2. It exhibited motion relative to fixed bodies which, it seemed to me, negated the idea that my eyes were
playing tricks on me (until later).*
3. I made a quick mental note of its relative position to
a couple of constellations which I think I could sketch
out at least roughly, thus ruling in or out stars.
4. I have observed the color changes of Mars before I do
not believe I could have confused the two.

In my observation of many aircraft during four years active duty
as James Connally and Lackland Air Force Base, I must definitely
state there were no aircraft lights or change in directions that
suddenly, in my opinion.

I have made notes in a little more detail if it would be of value
to you.

Sincerely,
Emmit C. Mitchell
Wolfe City, Texas

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The text in the document reads:

ARCH-JEZE ARCH-JEZE
12/co1 GO
UFO Sighting No: 

SAPOR-3d (1/Col Tucker)
Please forward two questionnaires to Mr. ___ for completion by himself and one of the other witnesses. A copy of Mr. Mitchell's letter is attached for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF  
Chief, Intelligence and Components

1 Attachment
1 cy 11/_ /_ no date, if

- page 6 -

