The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a cover page or header for a document titled "CGI TACKER INTERVIEW December 1960".

CGI TACKER INTERVIEW December 1960
7-3745 - 393
1003859
RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
(ASIA/SHAF-A)
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a conversation transcript.

COLONEL TACKER: Well, I believe, sir, that there's a big dollar-sign involved in this subject. I think that -- well I know -- that many books and many articles are written on this subject; dues are paid to these clubs and groups; most of the clubs do say that they are nonprofit in nature, but that they are simply dedicated to public knowledge, really, getting the information out. The groups themselves, as I said, are composed to a large extent of interested people like you and I in this scientific age that we happen to be in.

DAVIS: Some of these people, some of these so-called flying saucer buffs, or fans, or fanatics, have statements that they've talked to people on Venus -- Mars -- they make lectures saying that they've seen lovely women up there; what about these people? Are you going to use the term "crackpot" to describe them?

COLONEL TACKER: Oh, I think there are crackpots involved, sir, as there are in any belief of this nature; but I've a real interesting fact about these groups. They're strongly divided between the so-called "contactees", the people that actually rush off and visit Venus and Mars at the drop of a hat, and the so-called "sephologists", the people who say that they've had no contact to date but they're sure that there are space ships from other planets looking us over. These groups even fight amongst themselves and the sephology group, the groups that investigate flying saucers, actually call the contactees crackpots. It's real interesting.

CORRICK: Colonel Tacker, just exactly what is the objective of these groups, these people? What do they want the Government to do?

COLONEL TACKER: Well, that's hard to say. They say that there's been a great deal of secrecy in Government; they absolutely overlook the need --

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document containing text.

for intelligence, intelligence classification in Government; and they feel
that really we could be in great danger from space ships, maybe a greater
danger than any that exists on earth.
Actually at this point I guess I should say again what I've said many
times -- that there is nothing in the Air Force files, either classified or
unclassified, which proves or tends to prove the existence of space ships from
other planets.
CORRICK: Do you think the Air Force -- or this Government -- is now
doing everything it possibly can to track down this controversy?
COLONEL TACKER: I'm absolutely positive in my own mind that our
Government is doing everything it can and as a matter of its own defense law,
scientific resources that the Government has at its disposal and by
this I'm talking about the Air Research and Development Command which would
include our basic research laboratories, the Air Materiel Command, scientific
consultants from many different laboratories of our colleges and universities,
industrial laboratories, instantaneous communications world-wide; anywhere
in the world that there is a sighting, we can be talking to them in a matter
of minutes.
And then compare this, really, to the really pathetic effort of a
small group of euphologists who have a typewriter and read a newspaper account
of the thing, and -- you see you can't really compare. It's an extreme con-
trast, really. And the Government does go out and investigate these things in
meticulous detail; it gives its answers and of course here's where we're ques-
tioned in our interpretation by these groups who are convinced that they're
space ships. I'm sure we're not going to change the mind of a person who
believes in space ships and we don't want to necessarily try. We do want to

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

convince them that the United States Government and the Air Force is not withholding any information on the subject.
DAVIS: Right now we're sitting in the Pentagon. How supposing I leave here, I go outside, and I see something that looks like a cigar up in the sky. What happens? I run back inside here and I tell somebody. What do you do?
COLONEL TACKET: Well, if you came back into the Pentagon and reported it to us, I would immediately report it to the nearest air base, which is the initial course of action that any citizen should take. The air base will conduct a preliminary investigation and if in the preliminary investigation they cannot identify the object, it will be referred immediately to the Air Defense Command and the Aero Space Technical Intelligence Center, where it will be run down eventually by their investigators.
DAVIS: What prompts a scramble, then? If I'm the only person that saw this, would there be a scramble just on the basis of what I saw?
COLONEL TACKET: No, not on the basis of just one individual sighting. The air base would be alerted immediately, as I said, the nearest air base. And they in turn would immediately ascertain if many people had seen it.
DAVIS: How long does it take to run something like that down? A matter of hours, days? Weeks?
COLONEL TACKET: Well, I'd say the initial preliminary investigation would be done very quickly, in this particular case, in this area, it would be a matter of minutes. Because we probably have many aircraft in the air over Washington both from Andrews Air Force Base and Bolling Air Force Base, possibly some of our interceptors would be up on a training mission and could be - 10 -

- page 4 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a transcript or report related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

diverted very quickly to the area, we could probably pin this down in a mat-ter of minutes.

CORRICK: Is there any particular time of year, Colonel Tacker, when these sightings are more frequent?

COLONEL TACKER: Well, yes, Ann; in the gold spring and summertime when people are outside and are looking up. I don't imagine we had many re-ports on this Eastern seaboard in the last two or three days because most people have been inside next to their fires.

CORRICK: Is there any particular area of the country that you get greater numbers of reports...?

COLONEL TACKER: No, it seems to be rather evenly spread throughout the country.

CORRICK: I know we've had quite a few stories from our station in Cleveland, Ohio; and it seems to me they are seeing an awful lot of flying saucers in Cleveland.

COLONEL TACKER: I don't think Cleveland is more guilty than any of the other cities. Cleveland and Akron do have rather active UFO groups out there which are probably stressing again and again, and again, the fact that space travel in reverse is an accomplished fact. But I don't think we could take any one section or one city and pin it down and say that they reported more UFO's than anybody else.

DAVIS: What about phases of the moon? Does that have any effect on reports of UFO's?

COLONEL TACKER: Not noticeably, said. This has been looked into.

DAVIS: Is that right?

COLONEL TACKER: Yes, sir.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document or transcript related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

DAVIS: You've examined the effect of --
COLONEL TACKER: Yes sir. When I say the Aero Space Technical Intelligence Center, I'm talking about technical intelligence and technical services across the board. And this includes the psychological aspects of a thing like this.
CORRICK: Colonel Tacker, you're checked out as a pilot; you're checked out in jets;
COLONEL TACKER: I'm a master navigator.
CORRICK: Are you...
COLONEL TACKER: Yes. I'm --
CORRICK: As any rate you know the potential of things to come;
COLONEL TACKER: I'm qualified in current jet aircraft; multi-engine jets, yes ma'am.
CORRICK: Well do you honestly believe that we ever will put a man on the moon, a man into space?
COLONEL TACKER: I'm sure of it, Ann. I'm sure we'll put a man into space and eventually on the moon. I think it's our new frontier.
CORRICK: Someone else has picked up that phrase too, lately. Well do you believe personally that there is life on other planets? Aside from your official Air Force position?
COLONEL TACKER: I believe there's a strong possibility that there's some type of life out there, either vegetable or otherwise, Ann, and I think we'll probably discover it some day.
CORRICK: How did you get interested in this project of UFO's?
COLONEL TACKER: Well, it wasn't a matter of getting interested in it, Ann. When I was assigned in the Pentagon this was one project that was given to me -

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

"Incidentally, there's one little phase of this where some of the UFO people say we do withhold information; they will go to an individual air base or someplace else and ask for given details on a specific case; and they're referred again to this big picture. Where we have the big picture, we know that ATIC is working on it out in Ohio -- Aero Space Technical Intelligence people -- we know that the air base is doing something, and we know what investigative group is on it. And they're referred up here mainly because we have the big picture.

DAVIS: Colonel, you're a man that does a lot of flying, and the airline pilots do a lot of flying, and these are competent people:

COLONEL TACKER: Absolutely!

DAVIS: --serious people, a lot of airline pilots have made statements in the past that they are convinced that they saw something that might have come from another planet, that was an object flying -- not a mirage, not a refraction of any kind, not a sky-hooked balloon. Now how do you answer these questions?

COLONEL TACKER: Well I I'm convinced that they saw something. Said, but I'm also convinced they didn't see a space ship as yet; many things enter into a pilot's way of life. Some fatigue, vertigo -- that type of thing. Many of them have seen lights which they couldn't identify for the moment, and a moment later they were identified as a light on the ground.

GORDON: Colonel Tacker, I'm sorry to interrupt, but our time is up. 

UP-: Thank you for providing a Washington viewpoint about flying saucers. Our guest on Washington Viewpoint tonight has been Colonel Lawrence J. Tacker, Chief of the Magazine and Book Branch of the United States Air Force Office of Information. This program originated tonight in Colonel Tacker's office in the Pentagon. This is Ann Corrick with Sid Davis.

- 13 -"

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a text document. The document appears to be a transcript or description of a "Washington Viewpoint" program produced by the Washington News Bureau of the Westinghouse Broadcasting Company.

The text in the document is as follows:

FOR RELEASE: 9 P.M. EST, Tuesday, December 20, 1960

"WASHINGTON VIEWPOINT"
PRODUCED BY 
The Washington News Bureau
of
The Westinghouse Broadcasting Co., Inc.

GUEST: Lt. Col. Lawrence J. Tacker
Chief of the Magazine Branch of the
Air Force Office of Information.

INTERVIEWED BY: Ann Corrick
Assistant Chief, WBC Washington News Bureau
and Washington Correspondent.

"WASHINGTON VIEWPOINT" is heard in Washington at 9 P.M., EST,
Tuesday, December 20, 1960, over radio station WFON.

1625 K Street, N. W.
Room #203
Washington 6, D.C.
STERLING 3-6207

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

TEXT OUTPUT:

FOR RELEASE: 9 P.M. EST, Tuesday, December 20, 1960
"WASHINGTON VIEWPOINT"

CORRICK: Good evening. This is Ann Corrisk with Sid Davis at the Pentagon in Washington. Washington Viewpoint tonight is concerned with a curious controversy -- flying saucers. Are they real or are they imagined? 

Our guest on Washington Viewpoint has devoted many years of a study to this question. He is Lieutenant Colonel Lawrence J. Tacker, a war combat veteran and master navigator with the United States Air Force. Colonel Tacker currently is Chief of the Magazine and Book Branch of the Air Force Office of Information. His interesting insights in reports of flying saucers or unidentified flying objects as they're called, led him to publish a book earlier this month which describes just what the Air Force is doing about persistent reports that some one somewhere has actually spotted flying saucers. The title of Colonel Tacker's book, by the way, is Flying Saucers and the U.S. Air Force, published by Van Nostrand, and it represents his viewpoint. 

Well, Colonel, just what is the official Air Force position; are there actually little people from a celestial culture flying around spying on us?

COLONEL TACKER: Definitely not, Ann. The official Air Force position on flying saucers or space ships from other planets is that we do not deny the possibility that life could exist out there somewhere and that a visit from outer space could happen. What we say is that to date it has not happened. That is, we have no evidence on hand to prove the existence of space ships or the fact that space travel in reverse is fait accompli. 

And yet a lot of people who are intelligent and alert people claim that they actually have seen what must be a space ship from some other planet.

CORRICK: And yet a lot of people who are intelligent and alert people claim that they actually have seen what must be a space ship from some other planet.

COLONEL TACKER: That is correct. And we have to respect their honesty and their sincerity. However, the Air Force must continue to say that we have no conclusive evidence on hand to prove the existence of flying saucers or spaceships from outer space. We must maintain a scientific and objective point of view until such time as concrete proof is available. Our job is to get the facts, not jump to conclusions, and report to the American public precisely what we know and don't know about this controversial subject.

CORRICK: Thank you very much, Colonel Tacker. I'm sure Washington Viewpoint tonight has shed some light on this intriguing question of flying saucers. Good night.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of text from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

COLONEL TACKER: Well, if they believe this, Ann, it's as a pure out of faith. Actually the Air Force does not deny the fact that many solid citizens have seen objects or phenomena in the sky which have mystified them for a time. In most instances when they reported these sightings to the Air Force we have been able to identify the object or the phenomena that they viewed and in most instances the reporting persons are satisfied with our interpretation.

GORRICK: Sid Davis. 

DAVIS: Colonel, in your book you say "there are just not any manned space ships yet." How are you so sure?

COLONEL TACKER: Because to date, said, there is no evidence to substantiate such a fantastic claim.

DAVIS: Well, you tell us a lot of reports that are unexplained and this is the way you list them in your book. What about the unexplained ones, the unknown ones?

COLONEL TACKER: Well, the unknown or unexplained cases in the last few years have run about two per cent of the total number of sightings; and in most of these instances the Air Force feels that if more immediate data had been gathered initially at the scene of the sighting, these too could have been explained.

However, we can't go along with the theory of the UFO groups and many of the persons associated with these groups that because we have not come up with a definite answer in a very few cases, that this is an argument for the existence of space ships.

GORRICK: Well Colonel Tacker, what do most of these sightings turn out to be?

- page 10 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a transcript or transcript excerpt from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DAVIS: Colonel, what caused the return on the radar scope?
COLONEL: Colonel, what about all the charges and speculation that the Air Force has secret documents on file that are conclusions to the UFO situation and refuses to release the information?
COLONEL TACKER: This is pure rubbish, sir. There are no such documents. I've gone through the files. I've looked thoroughly for any such Air Force conclusions. I've never found anything to this effect and I'd like to add that the Air Force regulation on this subject, 200-2, paragraph 13 is to be exact, cites specifically that UFO sightings will not be classified.
DAVIS: What other countries have frequent flying saucer reports?
COLONEL TACKER: Well, just from my experience and reading many of the reports from our own Aero-Space Technical Intelligence Center, I would say that, really, the countries that have most of the reports would be Australia, New Zealand, England and the South American or Spanish-speaking countries.
DAVIS: What about Russia?
COLONEL TACKER: That's a difficult question. We have received on occasion through our own sources over there, people stationed within Russia at various times, second-hand reports of the fact that UFO's or flying saucers have been seen there, but naturally we receive no direct result from Russian authorities on this subject.
DAVIS: Well, do Russian scientists tell you anything about their investigations of these things? Do they do anything about these reports in Russia that you know of?
COLONEL TACKER: Not that I know of. Said, no.
CORRICK: Colonel Tacker, since the Air Force has begun investigating these sightings have these reports increased or decreased?
- 4 -

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a transcript or transcript excerpt from a conversation or interview discussing UFO sightings and Project Blue Book.

COLONEL TACKER: Well I'd say they've been definitely on the decrease. 
ANN: We had a couple of peak years, as I pointed out in the books, fifty-two and fifty-seven. In 1952 we quite a rash of sightings that seemed to start with the famous Washington, D.C. sightings in 1952, and in 1957 we had a tremendous rash of sightings all over the country right after Sputnik I was launched.
GORRICK: I see. Well, how many have you had, say this year, as compared to last year?
COLONEL TACKER: Well -- 
GORRICK: A great decrease, a great increase?
COLONEL TACKER: I'd say a great decrease. I believe to date we've had under two hundred reports for this year.
GORRICK: Earlier you mentioned that the unexplained sightings ranged in the two per cent area...
COLONEL TACKER: Approximately two per cent for the last four or five years. Let me go out -- this is a claim, really, of some of the UFO groups in claiming that the Air Force withholds information on this subject. They say that we give an erroneous figure when we give two per cent and I have been very careful to stress that that is in the last five years. Initially in the program, I'd say what UFO uncovers on the high as twenty per cent back in the 1940's. Again this was due to the fact that it was an entirely new area to explore, our investigative techniques weren't up to what they are now, we didn't have facilities at our disposal then like -- let me give you a real good examples the National Space Surveillance Center at Bedford, Massachusetts which can tell you on the first orbit if Russia or the United States has put something up. And certainly this unit at Bedford would be able to

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a transcript of a conversation or interview regarding UFOs and the possibility of life on other planets.

Here is the text from the document:

tell us if space ships were in our skies.
DAVIS: Colonel, you're very positive about your feeling that if
there's no evidence to substantiate these sightings, there is no such thing.
This two per cent figure -- isn't it entirely possible that life on other
planets has progressed beyond ours, and that perhaps they have invented a
space ship that is possible of coming to planet earth and of coming around
here and then going back? Isn't this in the realm of possibility?
COLONEL TACKER: It is absolutely possible. Sid, that life exists
on other planets, it's also possible that it could be of a higher order of
intelligence than our own, but the last point you make about them visiting
our atmosphere and seeming around and looking us over, I'd say again it's
not possible up to now, that is, we have no evidence to date. And let me
reiterate that that's the problem -- not if it could happen or in the future,
definitely we can see that it could, that there definitely is a possibility
of life out there. What we say that is up until now we have no evidence to
say we have been visited from other planets.
COLONEL: Well Colonel, share have been many clubs and organizations
established of people who really and honestly believe that there are these
space ships scooming around, as Sid says. I'm sure you're familiar with most
of them. Who are these people, who are the believers?
COLONEL TACKER: Well, Dr. Allen Heirriick, our civilian consultant
on this subject, and he happens to be the head of astrophysics at Northwestern
University and the head of the observatory there, he calls them "cosmic
romantics" and I think that's a good name. I think it's a fascinating subject myself; and as Dr. Heinick says, he'd like to see a space ship show up
and be able to announce it. And there again I feel that if this did happen
- 6 -

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

the Government would announce it immediately.-  In fact, an event of this significance I feel positive that one agency in the Government, like the Air Force, could not repress such information.  I feel that it would be in the public domain almost immediately if an event of this significance did take place.

As to the people that make up these groups, a lot of them are people like you and I that are interested in this technological age of ours. I was talking to Willy Ley, the famous rocketeer, the day before yesterday and he pointed out that we have over thirty-three pieces of hardware circling the earth right now, which is a tremendous number of artifacts to be up there whirling around.   They're not all satellites, some of them are second-stage, third-stage pieces of rockets, but they're up there. And I think the public itself is getting very used to this type of thing.  That's why I prophesized in the book that the flying saucer era itself is coming to an end.

CORRICK: How do you mean that?

COLONEL TACKER: Well, I believe, really, that the flying saucer era is similar to the great accent on spiritualism which took place at the turn of the century, and I believe that the public will find some other romantic subject to become absorbed in and go on to it, rather than flying saucers. We've become used to space and it looks as though we're going to put a man into space real soon and I think this will really signify the end of the so-called saucer era.

DAVIS: What's it for, people who become avid fans of the UFO? The people who promote the reports, the people who constantly write you letters?

- page 15 -

