The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and observations.

Project 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 3 Jun 60
2. LOCATION: Ponce, Puerto Rico
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 5:28-5:40 p.m.
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: G Ground-Radar
5. EQUIPMENT: G Air-Visual, G Ground-radar, G Air-intercept radar
6. DURATION: 12 min.
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Short
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: As object closely N of the sun, so close that it could only be seen by shielding eyes from the sun. (The object was not close because observation was through considerable atmosphere where it was shining like a bright star.) One source reported that it was approximately the size of a quarter at arm's length. After this period of very close proximity, the object was lost to sight.
11. COMMENTS: "The object Venus was 7 degrees removed from the sun in a westward direction at the time. This appears to be a misidentification of the planet which was of magnitude -3.4, and in a position to be seen close to the sun at that time of day."

- page 1 -

The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is a black and white photograph of what appears to be an unidentified flying object in the sky. The text describes the object observed in the sky on Wednesday, June 1st, and states that the object was seen by the personnel at the Hotel Ponce Intercontinental in Ponce, Puerto Rico. The document provides details about the object's appearance and behavior, including that it was observed for about 45 minutes and was seen reflecting the sun's light. The text is addressed to the National Aeronautics & Space Administration in Washington, D.C.

Text transcription:

National Aeronautics & Space Administration
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Could you tell me what the object was that I observed in the sky on Wednesday, June 1st?

We were investigating a call received at the Ponce Intercontinental Hotel in Ponce, Puerto Rico, and were surprised to notice this very high altitude object.

I am sure that we might never have noticed it except for the fact that it was glittering, and it seemed quite close to the sun. This object appeared to be west of the sun, so close that it appeared to be almost touching it. It lay parallel with the sun, and shown brightly with the sun's reflection. 

In the forty-five minutes we followed its course, it seemed to move away from the sun, as about 11:30 A.M. we lost sight of it entirely. We were unable to obtain any photographs of the object.

To be sure we were accurate, we pointed this object out to the hotel guests. He was as surprised as we were. Could you confirm what object we sighted? Thank you.

Very truly yours,

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be an official file copy of a report regarding a UFO sighting in Puerto Rico.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
RCQ-4-12/MAS Friend/snc/69216/typed 20 June 60 21 JUN 1960
UFO Sightings, Puerto Rico, 
SAFOI-3d (I/Col Tacker)

1. The planet was observed from the witnesses' home town. The planet was only visible about 5-10 seconds for a brief period of time, and was of magnitude 3-4 on 1 June 1960.

2. It is a new and novel experiences for people to see planets in the daytime, and few know that it can be done without a telescope.

3. In the past, there have been cases of prolonged staring at an unidentified object so very bright as to be blinding - the so-called "flaming object" experience.

4. It is quite understandable that the planet was lost to the witnesses, for the suddenness of its appearance and disappearance was quite natural if the planet was only seen for 5-10 seconds.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
/S/ NICHOLAS POST
Acting Deputy
Science and Components

COORDINATION:
(Signature redacted)
A.E. Martin/Col/USAF

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a letter dated June 10, 1960.

The text of the letter is as follows:

Dear Mr. _____,

I wish to acknowledge your letter of June 6th. 

The NASA did not conduct an experiment in the vicinity of Puerto Rico on June 15th. Therefore, I am forwarding your letter to the Department of Defense for further reply.

Yours very truly,

[Signature redacted]

Copy to: Dept. of Defense

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed document from the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center of the United States Air Force. The document is regarding a UFO sighting in Puerto Rico on June 1, 1960, reported by Mr. H. I. Morrow.

The text of the document is as follows:

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OFt ATIC-4-822

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Puerto Rico, Mr H. I. Morrow

TO: SAFOI-3d (1/Col Tacker)

1. Mr. and his wife and friends were observing the planet Venus. The planet was 75 removed from the sun in a westward direction, and was of magnitude -3.4 on 1 June 1960.

2. It is a new and novel experience for people to see planets in the day time, and few people realize it can be done without a telescope.

3. It is probable that Mr. experience that the object was spinning was due to prolonged staring at the undulately object so very near to the bright sun.

4. It is quite understandable that the planet was lost to the witnesses after a long period of staring at such a bright area. The planet was still there and the witnesses had allowed their eyes sufficient rest so they would have again been able to pick out the object.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

NICHOLAS POST
Acting Deputy
Science and Components

L ATCH
Cy ltr 10 June 60 fr Office
of Public Info w/l atch

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a letter from Lawrence J. Tacker of the U.S. Air Force Public Information Division.

SAFOI-34/Col Tacker/77/66/24 Jun 60
24 June 1960

Dear Mr. [ ]
This is to acknowledge your letter of 6 June 1960 concerning an unidentified object you sighted on June 1st while vacationing in Puerto Rico.

A detailed analysis reveals the fact that your group observed the planet Venus. The planet was 7 degrees removed from the sun in a westerly direction which was of magnitude minus 3.4 on that date.

It is a rather novel experience to see planets in the daytime and many people do not realize that this is possible without a telescope. The indication that the object was spinning was probably due to prolonged staring at the planet while it was no close to the bright sun. It is also quite understandable that the planet was lost to sight after a long period of viewing this bright area.

I trust this information explains your sighting satisfactorily.

Sincerely,
LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

SAFOI-3d - Comeback
SAFOI-1 - Reading

- page 6 -

