There is no photograph present in this document. The image shows a Project Blue Book record card with various fields filled out, including the location (Maracaibo, Venezuela), the date (17 May 60), the type of observation (G Ground-observer), duration (5 min), and a brief summary of the sighting.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
PROJECT 193 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
17 may 60
2. LOCATION
Maracaibo, Venezuela
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
G Ground-observer
D Aerial-visual
P Air-intercept Radar
4. DURATION OF OBSERVATION
5 min
5. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
The object was hovering at approximately 2000 ft. The object was approximately 50-60 ft. in diameter and appeared to be bright white in color. The object was observed to be hovering and then suddenly accelerated at a high rate of speed flying west and was lost to sight in approximately 5 sec. The overall impression given was that this was not an aircraft, but a UFO. The object was fairly close to earth in comparison to the altitude of aircraft in the area.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The image appears to be a page from a document, specifically a "Report of Unidentified Flying Object" submitted to the North American Air Defense Command.

HEADQUARTERS
NORTH AMERICAN AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
ENT AIR FORCE BASE
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object

TO: Commander
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

1. Attached is a letter describing what is apparently an unidentified flying object.

2. Our Command Information Officer has sent a letter to the writer indicating that his report and actions will be passed on to the appropriate Air Force Agency.

FOR THE COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF:

HARRIS P. HULL
Brigadier General, USA
Deputy Chief of Staff, Intelligence

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Dear Sir,

I dont know of any reason why we would not be able to look further into it. By my count, the us. nite- lies are not the first one to have worked well over 4000 and observed a bright white of the sky over the northeast as a strange anomaly.I have obtained a brief write up by the Univer-sity of NE & the explanation I got is not complete.May I resubmit the details of this anomaly.

- page 3 -

This image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten text and a blacked-out drawing or sketch.

The text appears to be a description or notes related to a UFO sighting or incident. It mentions "Maracaibo, Venezuela" and the date "1960-11-8238228", which suggests this is part of a Project Blue Book report from the late 1960s.

The blacked-out area in the lower portion of the image seems to be a drawing or sketch that has been obscured, likely for privacy or security reasons.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

This is the case of seen from of light as to make on some very near an or and so people that they are to the station 8238228 it to the of of bright light which in the of November 1960 the over the Maraciabo, Venezuela

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned report or document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (VENEZUELA, 10-4-60)
1. On 4 October 1960, at 1915 hours, LUZ MARiNEZ, resident of PUERTO NUEVO, Venezuela, reported observing a bright object in the sky over MARACAIBO, Venezuela, moving from east to west at a high rate of speed. The object was described as having a circular shape and emitting a bright glow. It was observed for approximately 45 seconds before disappearing from view.
2. The object was initially sighted at an estimated altitude of 35,000 feet and was moving at an estimated speed of 2,000 miles per hour. It was reported that the object appeared to abruptly change direction and accelerate during the observation.
3. It has been definitively established that the United States military satellite 1959 IOTA was in the area at the reported time of observation. However, the description of the object as being circular in shape and emitting a bright glow is not consistent with the characteristics of a satellite.
4. Suggest your further a further investigation, his want to cooperate fully and provide any additional information that may be available.
WILLIAM O. EVANS
Lt Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Intelligence and Operations

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (Venezuela)

1. This report was received by the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center on 23 November 1960. The report was submitted by the North American Air Defense Command.

2. The subject was observed by the Personnel reporting the incident, who state that the object observed was oval in shape and changed color from red to blue to green. The object was estimated to be about 150 feet in diameter and was observed for about 15 minutes on 8 November 1960 at Maracaibo, Venezuela.

3. The report states that the object was observed by several citizens and a professional photographer in Maracaibo. The object was observed to be hovering, accelerating and decelerating, and to change colors as described above.

4. It has been learned that the object sighted was probably caused by some natural phenomenon.

- page 6 -

