The image does not contain any visible photograph or image. It appears to be a filled-out Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book archive, containing information about a reported UFO sighting in Crossett, Arkansas on June 23, 1960.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 23 Jun 60
2. LOCATION: Crossett, Arkansas
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: local 2415/Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
[x] Ground-Radar
[ ] Air-Visual
[ ] Air-Intercept Radar
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 sec
8. COURSE: descending
9. CONCLUSIONS:
[ ] Positively Identified
[x] Possibly Balloon
[ ] Was Aircraft
[x] Possibly Aircraft
[ ] Was Astronomical
[x] Possibly Astronomical
[ ] Other
10. COMMENTS: The witness gave very little information. However, description is similar to that of a meteor sighting in Louisiana.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten letter or report from the Air Tactical Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio.

Air Tactical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Sir:
In this morning's "Arkansas Gazette" I saw the report of the sighting of a brilliant object in the sky over Crossett, Arkansas. This may have been an Air Force plane that the article said was making low passes. But that a "brilliant, flying object" report had been sent to your service.

Hoping to add a little information, I would like to report that on that night, June 23, between 7:25 and 7:40 p.m., a brilliant object, traveling at great speed from west to east, was seen from the backyard of my home, which is located on the outskirts of a small suburb west of Green Forest, Arkansas. The object appeared for just a few seconds, but was very bright against an otherwise dark sky. I did not see its shape, as it was out of sight behind trees, and I did not see it again. All I can say is that the object was brilliant, as if reflecting sunlight, and that it disappeared much more rapidly than any normal aircraft.

I hope this information has been of help to your knowing from my work in the ground observer corps that every little bit of information placed together adds up to a clearer picture, and that it may be useful to you as a true and unexaggerated report.

Yours truly,
(Mrs.)

- page 2 -

