The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card from the Beckley, West Virginia area, dated June 6, 1960.

Text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6 Jun 60
2. LOCATION: Beckley, West Virginia area 
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 0130
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Viewed
5. PHOTOS: None
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-5 sec
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Greenish-blue object, about the size of a basketball, each side a grape-fruit sized ball, Apparently simply disappeared.
11. COMMENTS: Description fits that of a meteor classed as a "bolide".

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a narrative description of a UFO sighting. 

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)

This object was seen by two additional witnesses - the description of both witnesses is the same. The object appeared to be hovering and made no sound. It was further indicated that the object was observed for some time. The observer indicated it was brighter than the crescent moon and that the object suddenly disappeared.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report, with text that has been redacted or obscured.

The transcribed text from the document is:

The object was the same
from mr. ---- on the
the information from mr. ---- and me
was obtained from
the new source.
Signed

- page 3 -

The image contains a photograph of a blurry, indistinct object in the sky, likely described as a UFO sighting in the associated text. The text appears to be a report or documentation related to the UFO sighting that occurred near Beckley, West Virginia on June 9, 1960.

U. S. Air Intelligence  
Wright-Patterson AFB  
DAYTON, Ohio  
  
Gentlemen:

Since the object sighted in the sky near Beckley, W. Va., about 1:30 A. M. on June 6 appears to be arousing considerable interest, I have decided to make a full report of this observation for your consideration.

I was driving about one mile from Mt. Hope, W. Va., at the time 1:27, and observed a bright light in the sky which seemed to be hovering at a short distance to the right or and slightly below the moon. It appeared to be about the size of the moon, but with a more intense light.  The object appeared in the direction of Beckley, which was southwest of my position. It seemed to hover at a constant altitude for several minutes, and then appeared to move through the sky at about the same speed as "shooting star" which I have observed on many occasions. The object was observed in various directions at the same speed as the original object. The total time of observation was about 3 or 4 seconds.  Prior to and after the sighting there were no unusual sounds or sights observed.

My reaction at the time of observation was (and still is) that the object was (1) an unusually large meteo r, (2) a satellite launching up in the sky, or (3) "ball" lightning (if there is such a thing).

June 9, 1960

- page 4 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn diagram or sketch rather than a photograph. The diagram shows an object labeled "OBJECT APPEARED" and some lines and annotations describing the object's movement and position relative to the observer's "MY POSITION".

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image:

OMOON
OBJECT APPEARED
1/2 20 K
HORIZON
DISINTEGRATED HERE
MY POSITION

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be a form used to gather information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all the questions that you can, as the information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If you request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? (1) 6-1-60 
2. Time of day: 8:30 Minutes 30
(Circle One): (A.M.) or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One) (a. Eastern) b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? WV - North of Beckley City Limits
Additional remarks: Approximately 1 mile North of City Limits
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 2-3 Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form for observers to fill out with details about a UFO sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)? 
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know 
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid? b. Transparent? c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) 
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other

- page 7 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an object or objects. The sketch depicts an oval-shaped object that is described as being basketball-sized or slightly larger, and having a greenish-blue color. An arrow is drawn next to the object to indicate the direction it was moving.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Noise
b. Color - Greenish - blue

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you were such as wings, projections, etc., and especially without trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Hand-drawn sketch of an oval-shaped object with the text: "Basketball sized or slightly larger, traveled at varying speeds, saw two or three grape fruit sized objects paced or just preceding it."]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): 
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
only one

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

GREENISH HUED BRILLIANT 6/38 THAT LOOKED TO BE 25-30 FEET IN DIAMETER. IT APPEARED TO MOVE OVERHEAD LOOKED SIMILAR TO A FULL MOON EXCEPT DIFFERENT SHAPE. OUR VISIBILITY WAS DEFINITELY BELOW TOP OF MOUNTAINS IN DIFFERENT DIRECTIONS FROM THAT OF THE MOON.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire or interview form.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I had just closed Darby Street for the night and was driving a station wagon back to the fire station when we noticed the object in the sky. It was moving very rapidly compared to a jet plane and was bright like a star, but appeared larger. It was heading in a southwesterly direction.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour. 
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North __________ degrees.
b. From horizon __________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared: 
a. From true North __________ degrees.
b. From horizon __________ degrees.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image contains a page from an old UFO report document, which includes two sketches and corresponding instructions.

The text from the document is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as fully and accurately as you possibly can. This information will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Day, 6 June 1960
2. Time of day: 0230 Hours (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address: Lost Cabin, State or Country: WV
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 5 Minutes Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5. a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 12 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with a series of questions and answers related to the observation of an unidentified object.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds, e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind, b. Slight breeze, c. Strong wind, d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold, b. Cool, c. Warm, d. Hot, e. Don't remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
June 7, 1960

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) YES, No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) YES, No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) YES, No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
No possible explanation - a very awesome and fascinating weird object.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 500 - 600 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] [Redacted], WV [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age 32 Sex M  
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school 
b. High school 6 yrs
c. College 1 year (Type)
d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 June 1960

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which summarizes an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

The text in the document states:

"We were seated outside the dining room on approximately 12 June 1960. About 7:30 p.m. the area around us was lit up as if by a flare. From an eye level at about the top of the mountain there appeared a greenish light which seemed to travel towards the base of the mountain at about a 45 degree angle. It seemed no more than 5 to 600 feet over our heads, and was moving downwards in a southerly direction. It seemed to pause about a thousand feet below us and switch to a grayish-green color. We watched and listened but heard no sound."

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

"At one time while this incident to see it would reappear, inflit it is belived, its little diagon are hard a round with this general direction that scemd to sound like a motor running on a mine mine falling a trip of about 40 feet or so consequently one was scarcely able to get observed but we are hoping relating the for information.

The described the area for about some minutes later saw a what at first felt like a 1/10 of an information then with my assistant, the and another man as close to four the lights seemed grow larger and larger until they passed directly overhead a height of about 450 to 500 feet the name or address"

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed UFO object.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
What is your present job? [redacted]
Age 52
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school 4 yr.
b. High school 6 yr.
c. College 15 yr.
d. Post graduate Shooting credit

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
20 June 1960

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or document with text describing a UFO sighting or observation.

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
Location: W. Va.
Date: 6-7-60
Time: 0230 hours
Witness: Sgt. James Carey 2nd Lt.
Description: Bright white stationary object with flashing lights around the rim.
Size: Estimated to be 30-40 ft. in diameter.
Shape: Circular
Direction of Motion: Descended vertically
Satellites: (AGCIN-4P3, Phone 62919) Outside & June 69
Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.): Possible meteor.
Radar Analysis (AGCIN-4E1): Neg.
Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.): -
Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.: Much too slow & silent for aircraft.
Evaluation of Source Reliability: Reliable
Analysis and Conclusions: This officer's report of his observation appears to be that of a genuine UFO sighting. The object was stationary, of a definite size and shape, and exhibited features not consistent with any conventional aircraft or natural phenomenon known to the observer. The fact that the witness was an Air Force officer lends credibility to the report.

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Object seemed to be circular or blurred in shape, and bluish-white in color.
The observer did not remember the exact details of the object's appearance.
The observer reported seeing two objects that seemed to separate.

Page 3
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Intermittent, sizzling sounds or hissing noises
b. Color - Bluish - white light
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
OBJECT seemed to SEPARATE into TWO OBJECTS.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a UFO report or questionnaire, with various questions and instructions for the viewer.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
EAST UFO

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One): 
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? WAS OUT OF SIGHT

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine the that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 20 -

The image contains two sketches/illustrations. The first sketch shows a curved line with an object above the horizon, accompanied by instructions to place an "A" and "B" on the curved line. The second sketch shows a larger landscape view with a person standing on a road, and a smaller inset landscape image.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

34. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Scattered clouds, c. Overcast, d. Thick or heavy clouds, e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One): a. No wind, b. Slight breeze, c. Strong wind, d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One): a. Cold, b. Cool, c. Warm, d. Hot, e. Don't remember

35. WHEN DID YOU REPORT TO SOME OFFICIAL THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT? Day, Month, Year

36. WAS ANYONE ELSE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? (Circle One) Yes, No
36.1 IF YOU ANSWERED YES, DID THEY SEE THE OBJECT TOO? (Circle One) Yes, No
36.2 PLEASE LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES:

37. WAS THIS THE FIRST TIME THAT YOU HAD SEEN AN OBJECT OR OBJECTS LIKE THIS? (Circle One) Yes, No
37.1 IF YOU ANSWERED NO, THEN WHEN, WHERE, AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES DID YOU SEE OTHER ONES?

38. IN YOUR OPINION WHAT DO YOU THINK THE OBJECT WAS AND WHAT MIGHT HAVE CAUSED IT?
Don't know

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 4,500 mph

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3,000 feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
What is your present job? Sar male
Age: 32
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school
b. High school
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 June 69

- page 23 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be a blurry or obscured image of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The photograph is located at the bottom of the document and is partially covered by text.

SAFOI-34/Col Tacker
13 June 1960

Dear Mr. _______,
An Associated Press news story on 7 June indicated that you sighted an Unidentified Flying Object on 6 June at Grand View. Will you please complete the attached questionnaire and submit it direct to the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for evaluation.
Thank you for your interest in this matter.
Sincerely,
LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

SAFOI-34/Maj Tacker 7/3328/13 Jun 60

13 June 1960

Dear [redacted],

An Associated Press news story on 7 June indicated that you and your brother [redacted] sighted an Unidentified Flying Object on 6 June at 1:30 A.M. approximately two miles southeast of Mullens. 

Will you and your brother please complete the attached questionnaire and submit them direct to the Air Technical Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for evaluation.

Thank you for your interest in this matter.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
MAJOR, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

SAFOI-34 - Cmbk
SAFOI-1 - Reading

- page 25 -

