There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image provided. The image shows a scanned page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains various fields and text entries describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 27 February 1950
2. LOCATION: STATION GENE FIELD, Rome, New York
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
  Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 
  Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 
  3-5 minutes
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 
  One
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 
Bright light at size of 18-24 inch ball of fire at estimated altitude of 1000-1100 ft. Triangular formation of 5-6 lights moving in straight line, with formation moving at high speed on 45-50 degree angle. Estimated speed 800-100 mph. Object at first appeared to be coming toward observers, then made abrupt turn and flew out of sight in approximately 3-5 minutes. Considerable amazement and discussion amongst observers as to nature and speed of object.
9. COURSE: 
  Not available
10. CONCLUSIONS: 
[Checkboxes filled] Was Balloon, Was Aircraft, Was Astronomical, Was Unidentified
[Checkboxes blank] Ground-Radar, Air-Intercept Radar, Was Astronomical, Possibly Astronomical, Insufficient Data for Evaluation, Unknown

11. COMMENTS:
2-3 mins after object went out of sight, light of ordinary intensity appeared in same general direction as object had been. Light diminished in intensity and disappeared after 1-2 minutes. Location of this light also unusual. Reaction of observers was one of considerable amazement, awe and speculation as to nature of object and its performance and movement.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image in this document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing textual information only.

UNCLAS FROM ROBK-2-37-E YOUR MESSAGE AFCH-422. 3-8357: 16 MAR 60 
OBJECT MOVING IN DIRECTION BETWEEN 140 AND 150 DEGREES DURATION OF SIGHTING 4-5 MINUTES PERSONNEL AT ROME AFB SIGHTING HAD TIME FOR CLINOMETER READINGS A CALL TO THE OPERATIONS DESK A CHECK WITH RADAR AND A RADIO CALL TO THE AIRBORNE OFFICER WHO WAS ON THE PRIMARY RUNWAY AND WHO VERIFIED THE SIGHTING BEFORE OBJECT DISAPPEARED ALL OBSERVERS CONCURRED IN DESCRIPTION AS A BRIGHT POINT OF LIGHT ABOUT MAGNITUDE OF SIRIUS WITH A PULSATING DIAMETER OF CHANGE OR RED LIGHT PULSATION IT OBSERVED 2 A STATED THAT IT APPEARED SIMILAR TO WHAT A JET WITH AFTERBURNER MOVING AWAY FROM THE OBSERVER WOULD APPEAR SIGNED PROVOST MARSHAL

15/21/72 MAR REZEOF

- page 2 -

The document does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a textual article from the "Science News Letter" discussing the visibility of planets in the morning sky during February 1960.

PLANETS STILL IN MORNING SKY
Uranus and Pluto will be at their closest points to earth for 1960 during February. However, Mercury and Saturn, which is faintest, will be visible in the evening without some kind of optical aid. 
If you want to see a planet on February 22, with the help of a small telescope or binoculars, you will have the best chances of observing the planets as they appear in the morning sky. Mercury and Saturn will be visible, but other planets are more distant and more difficult to see.
As the month progresses, the visible morning planets will be fewer. Uranus and Pluto will be closest to Earth in February, but they will be too small and faint to see without a large telescope. Venus, Jupiter, and Mars remain visible in the morning sky, but they are very distant. By the end of February, they will be at their closest points for this year and will appear brighter in the morning. A large telescope is needed to observe Uranus and Pluto, and their positions are given.
The article also discusses the motion of Mercury and its visibility in the evening sky.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document that includes text describing the Pleiades star cluster and a celestial time table for February.

Text from the document:

three belt stars, is a very famous dark-
irregular, with the shape of a horse's head.
The Cluster is at an extreme distance of
about 380 light years, and shines by reflec-
tion of its own light. while the stars
that around the Pleiades merely re-
fleet the star light falling on it, the re-
markable colors of the associated stars lead to
the conclusion which lend it is
The Pleiades arc relatively cool, as stars
for compared in surface temperature, with the sun.
Their great distance, however, has caused
is much fainter-approximately 6.000 to 
degrees Farenheit-than our sun.
As these stars shine on the hydrogen
the ionization and fluorescence of
The hydrogen is in the invisible ultra-
violet range. As these rays shine on the hydrogen
they excite this gas in the abnormal places
as the hydrogen atoms. Then the electrons
for their normal places, and light
is emitted. This is the process of those
lamps. 
But the color-pictures give indications of
of the near-stars, in which is noticeable of
hydrogen color, familiar to fluorescent lamps.
All that can be seen is the star light reflected
from the clouds of this, and seen in the 
nebulosity or fog, in which it is assumed the
reflected star light, although it is largely
obscured by the fluorescence.

Celestial Time Table for February
Feb. 1937                    
2 12:08 a.m. Moon (variable star in Perseus)
7 9:00 p.m. Moon furthest-distance 251,200.
8 1:00 p.m. Moon opposite sun and near-
est to earth, distance 366,800.
12 8:27 p.m. Full Moon
13 1:29 a.m. Last quarter
19 8:23 p.m. Moon in last quarter.
20 1:12 p.m. Venus in inferior conjunction.
23 11:00 p.m. Moon passes Saturn
24 7:00 p.m. Moon furthest north of sun.
Little in west after sunset.
24 11:00 p.m. Jupiter in east after sun.
26 7:41a.m. New Moon
28 1:54 a.m. Moon at minimum.
Science News Letter, January 25, 1940

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be the cover page of a report on an unidentified flying object observed over Hollywood, California on February 5 and 6, 1960. The report was prepared by the Los Angeles NICAP Subcommittee, a Scientific, Investigative Committee of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP).

Text transcription:

REPORT ON AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
OVER
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA 
February 5, 1960 and February 6, 1960
(Observed by Hundreds of Witnesses)

This report is the result of a thorough and exhaustive study of this occurrence by the

LOS ANGELES NICAP SUBCOMMITTEE (LANS)
A Scientific, Investigative Committee of the
NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA (NICAP)
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W., Washington 6, D.C.
Major Donald E. Keyhoe
USMC (Ret.)
Director

Foreword

Correlation of observations of many independent witnesses, who observed
this phenomenon from various locations in Hollywood, together with scientific 
and technological information from authoritative sources have made this report
possible.

We wish to express our sincere appreciation to all witnesses who gave so
generously of their time in describing their observations of this sighting, and
to those citizens who, for personal reasons, requested anonymity, but never-
theless contributed valuable information.

Our grateful acknowledgment for vital information and advice on the techno-
logical aspects of this study to the following: U. S. Weather Bureau, Santa
Monica, California; U. S. Weather Bureau, International Airport, Inglewood,
California; Lockheed Airport, Burbank, California; Lockheed Aircraft Corp. (1) Lockheed
Overseas Corp., Middle and Space Div., Van Nuys, California; Griffith Park
Observatory, Los Angeles, California; Dept. of Water and Power (1) Los Angeles, 
(2) Van Nuys, California; Southern California Edison Co., Los Angeles, California;
Edwards Air Force Base, Weather Detachment Forecaster, California; and U. S.
Naval Ordnance Station, China Lake, California.

A special word of thanks to The Citizen-News, whose article (see pages 2 )
in behalf of this committee, brought irrefutable results in locating witnesses to
this sighting.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book report. The text in the document is as follows:

THE REPORT.
(As described by many witnesses. Signed reports in files of NICAP.)

On two successive nights, February 5, 1960 and February 6, 1960, from 11:15 PM until after midnight, a brilliant red light traversed approximately the same course low over the heart of Hollywood. 

It moved very slowly and silently, remaining completely stationary for periods of 8 to 10 minutes at a time.

Both nights the brilliant red light came from the west, traveling due east, passing just south of the Hollywood Bowl. After reaching and passing over the northwest corner of Sunset Boulevard and La Brea Avenue 5 to 8 minutes, Friday night it continued its motion east (after the 5 minute stop) for about two blocks, then veered to the southeast and disappeared.

Saturday night the red light made its appearance about the same time (11:15 PM); two witnesses (one local Los Angeles aircraft pilot with Braniff) said it arrived from the northwest and proceeded southeast over the heart of Los Angeles, remained stationary for approximately 10 minutes. Elevation of the light at this point was approximately 5,000 feet. (See Elevation A, page 17.) Then, as witnesses watched, there was a loud explosion, and a flash of bluish white light (flash of light was described as blinding and downward and to the south) and the sudden formation of a "mushroom-shaped" object.

At the moment of the bright flash, a dull aluminum colored tubular shaped object was seen to shoot upwards, and a smaller object was seen "spiraling" downwards. As the "brilliant" cloud dissipated, it formed a faint hue of pink, plus and green.

Simultaneous with the explosion, the brilliant red light seemed "to go out".

It "came back on", or reappeared about five seconds later, slightly higher in elevation, and as on Friday night, it was directly over the northwest corner of Sunset Boulevard and La Brea Avenue. This time it remained stationary for approximately 10 minutes (See Elevation B, page 17.)

Then, very slowly it began to move eastward. Witnesses estimated that for a few minutes the movement was so slow that it was almost imperceptible to the eye. After moving to a point about six blocks to the east, it suddenly disappeared. (This occurred at approximately 11:25 PM.) The elevation of the light at this point was approximately 1,000 feet. (See Elevation B, page 17.)

The motion was so slow that it was almost imperceptible to the eye. After moving to a point about six blocks to the east, it suddenly disappeared. (This occurred at approximately 11:25 PM.) The elevation of the light at this point was approximately 1,000 feet. (See Elevation B, page 17.)

DESCRIPTION OF RED LIGHT:

Although the size of the light was variously estimated from the size of a baseball to a full moon, the majority of observers said that it appeared to be about one-fourth to one-third the size of the full moon. (It has been suggested that the difference of opinion as to the size of the light may have been due to differences in location of witnesses, and angle of sighting.) There was a slightly fuzzy or hazy edge to the light itself, and it was noticed that it seemed to pulse or throb slightly. To those who saw the light, there was no doubt that it was a solid, real object. The source of light itself, though, seemed to pulsate and appeared fuzzy and not well defined.

- page 6 -

I do not see any photographs in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text describing a UFO sighting.

The text in the document reads:

FRIDAY NIGHT SIGHTING (FEB. 5, 1960) AS TOLD BY THE WITNESSES

Jerry Darr was busily attending to his duties at the Standard Service Station, where he was employed, at the northeast corner of Boulevard and La Brea Avenue. The time was shortly after 11:00 P.M. The weather was clear and the stars were visible. Suddenly, a bright red light came over the horizon (eastward) real low, like a falling star, and it hovered over the immediate area."

Many persons saw this brilliant red light coming over, and it "pulsated". Many viewers said that the light was "pulsating". As it got closer, the light became more "delicate" or "like that of a controlled device". All observers said that it was unlike anything they had ever seen.

Less than a third of a mile north, others were watching this strange sight. Ken Meyer, manager of the Union Oil Service Station, as the northeast corner of Hollywood Boulevard and Sycamore, had also seen the strange light. He said that it slowly moved away in a southeasterly direction. Meyer said that he and others were watching, deeply intrigued, and were also "apparently purposeful manner of leaving."

Mr. and Mrs. Sherman had just returned to the Garden Court Apartments, 7021 Hollywood Boulevard, where they reside. As they got out of their car, they both saw the brilliant red light. They both agree that the size of the light, as near as they could estimate, was about one-fourth the size of the full moon. It was such a sensation, they decided to walk down Hollywood Boulevard a short distance to call their friends, Mr. and Mrs. H. Brown. Confirming the description, Mr. and Mrs. Brown also witnessed the light, as well as other motionless in the sky.

As the four watched, it began moving slowly - appeared to descend somewhat. Seemed to disappear behind the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, and the four interested observers walked hurriedly on down the next corner (Hollywood Boulevard and Cahuenga), turning to see it again as it re-appeared slightly southwest of where it had first been seen. Slowly, the red light diminished in intensity until it disappeared completely. Mrs. Sherman said, "Frankly, we were quite startled, and some taxi men at the Hollywood Roosevelt also witnessed this phenomenon, all of whom said what in the world could it be?"

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

SATURDAY NIGHT (Feb. 6, 1960) RED LIGHT REAPPEARS.

On Saturday nights, between 11:00 PM and midnight, activity on Hollywood Boulevard begins to reach its height point. This means in terms of other main thoroughfares in the heart of Hollywood. "This Saturday night was no exception. The sky was clear and the air was inviting. The time was approximately 11:30, and activity was going its past first gear.

Miss Anne O'Neal, actress, was enjoying the sight from the porch of the Garden Court Apartments, 7021 Hollywood Boulevard, when she noticed something strange about the lights. All of a sudden, a brilliant red light shot down from the sky for a minute or two, she went into the lobby and called Mr. Leonard Luban, a resident of the Garden Court, and Mr. Luban looked out and the light was there also.

They hurried back to the porch and there they were greeted by Mr. and Mrs. Harold Sherman, coming up the walk, who had seen the brilliant red light just as they got out of their car, exactly in the same way that the light had first been seen. Both Mr. and Mrs. Sherman agreed that it appeared to be in the same place as the light noticed by Miss O'Neal and Mr. Luban. The light stayed for several minutes and then disappeared. After the light vanished, a series of small strange red lights were noticed in the sky which kept moving around, and these were observed for some time. Mr. Leonard Luban spoke of the strange odor, the mushroom shaped cloud, the pulsating of the red light, and the object that crashed downwards after the explosion. He said, "When the red light reappeared several seconds after the explosion, the first thing I noticed was that the light was about one-third the size of the full moon." 

Approximately ten minutes elapsed. The brilliant red light was still motionless. Others on the boulevard were looking up. Suddenly there was an explosion and a flash of white light came out of the right side of the red light - and the explosion wasn't the same size as before the explosion - but about the size of a pin, or one-third the size of the full moon. Something flew out of it and disappeared.

Anne O'Neal told interviewers, "We were all so amazed when the red light came back several seconds later - so though it had blown up!!" She mentioned a shaped white cloud formed at the time of the explosion, and she described the light as having "a peculiar odor," something like sulphur, she thought. Miss O'Neal described the light as about the same size as the full moon, and that it did not change in size during the observation. She also noticed a peculiar object, which she could not describe, going downwards after the explosion.

Leonard Luban spoke of the strange odor, the mushroom shaped cloud, the pulsating of the red light, and the object that crashed downwards after the explosion. He said, "When the red light reappeared several seconds after the explosion, the first thing I noticed was that the light was about one-third the size of the full moon."

- page 8 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from a typed report or document. I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and extract all the text found in the document.

Mr. Sherman described the explosion, the white flash coming out of one side of the red light, and directed the stream of light diagonally across and upward, the object shaped like an elongated box. His statements of the details of the object that he saw following the white flash of light, he saw a "bubble shaped object about 300 yards" (he said), "it appeared to be oval in shape". (See page 14.) Mr. Sherman described the red light going out at the moment of the explosion and leaving an afterglow glow which lasted for a little while, but no sound was heard. The object then simply disappeared and there was no debris to be seen in the Gorden Court.

Mrs. Sherman confirmed the statements of the others on most points. She didn't see the object falling downward. The others who saw the object watched it and they said it hovered a while and then it took off straight up at a fast rate. One person could perceive all of the details of a bizarre happening such as this. (Witnesses were viewing such an occurrence for the first time could give a more complete account of the various details which contributed to the complete picture.

All five observers related how they continued to watch the red light as it again remained motionless (after the reddening of the explosion) for five minutes or so. Then it began to move, very slowly, due east. It continued this course for about two, then turned northward. This building is toward the west and the object finally disappeared behind some Hollywood Boulevard trees. As soon as Mrs. Sherman and Mr. Sherman reached the lobby, the elevator watcher realized that very soon buildings would obstruct the view to the roof where they had an excellent unobstructed view of the object and scanned stationary for approximately ten minutes. The three viewers described what they observed toward the object, and was out again for approximately two minutes. They proceeded and was out straight up at a fast rate.

MORE OBSERVERS TELL OF SATURDAY NIGHT SIGHTING.

A little more than a fourth of a mile north of the Gorden Court, Miss June Di Maria, a tenant at the Lanmark Apartments, 7047 Franklin Avenue, just as she was about to enter the building, she was startled by an explosion and flash of light, which lit up the ground around her. She said, "I looked up and saw a pink cloud of smoke - out of mushroom shape, and it tumbled and swirled, and then it disappeared." The left side looked like it had a pulsing glow. "This lasted for a second. Then the smoke seemed to turn to lavender and different colors." Miss Di Maria claims she did not come out into the apartment building then and did not see anymore.

Ivan Hickey, night manager of the Union Service Station at the corner of Sycamore, more than a half a mile away saw the red light slowly ascending in the sky and it was very bright. He said the light appeared to be moving up at a steady rate and did not see it again. He did not recall the time. (It is presumed to have been before 11:15 P.M.)

Floyd Rickords, instructor of IBM Key punch, of 1616 North Carson Avenue, was viewing the moon through his telescope in his driveway, 1200 feet north and focal length, approximately 25 mm. 48 power eyepiece. Mr. Rickords told of his experience, "It was near 11:30 PM and I just happened to be out and suddenly saw a loud explosion and flash of light that was so bright."

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

That I could easily have read fine print by it. My first thought was that some aircraft had blown up. I had been looking at the moon in the west, but the flash of light gave the impression of the explosion and flare and attracted me to see parts of a plane falling, but instead, there was a brilliant red light that came on in the sky. A few minutes later it disappeared and I looked at the color tone of the leading object as it crossed the sky, that colored object which appeared to be turning or revolving. After the light ascended, it was directly between two stars. Mr. Rickards said that he went in the house to get his wife, who had retired earlier, and by the time he got back outside, the light was gone.

Across the street at 1647 Curson Avenue, Tom Burns and two friends were watching television. Burns said, "It must have been near 11:30 because the commercial had just come on. All of a sudden we heard the explosion and I raced out to see what happened." What I saw looked just like a star, but it seemed to hang there for a while. It turned red and then went out. About that time we saw the object start up and it turned into this brilliant light, a big red light-about twenty-five times as big as a star. As it went up it seemed smaller, and I had the feeling that it was going to fall. We went back outside and it seemed smaller than when I first saw it. The first time I looked at it, it stayed in one place for a long while, then it went straight up into the sky at terrific speed and then it seemed to diminish after reaching a certain altitude. Witnesses' anonymity. Their statements confirmed Mr. Burns' account of the sighting.

At 1554 North Sierra Bonita Avenue, Mr. E. W. Cass, builder and contractor, was watching television with his wife, and looked out the window and saw a light that was blinding, he declared, 'and suddenly a bright flash lit up the whole bedroom. I was astonished. I went outside and there in the sky was a big red light-about twenty-five times as big as a star." I called to my wife to see it, and she witnessed it for a while and it didn't seem to move at all. Finally, I decided to call the police, but the line was busy. The stars were very clear, and we noticed that this big red light was right between two stars. As we were watching, it went straight up into the sky very fast, and we didn't see it any more.  Both Mr. and Mrs. Cass commented on what a beautiful shade of red that it was. They both gave the same estimate that it was about twenty-five times as big as a star.

Some lost. parking lot attendant at the La Brea Inn, 1543 North La Brea Avenue, reported seeing a bright light in the sky about five minutes after midnight. He said it looked like "a big hot ember" about as big as the full moon. He thought it looked as though "pieces were falling from it." It finally moved away slowly, and out of sight. A view of the red object as it flared northwest from the La Brea Inn could have obstructed Mr. Cass's view of the red object as it flared northwest.

- page 10 -

This image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document that describes a sighting of an enigmatic red light at a busy intersection in Rome, New York on Saturday nights.

ENIGMATIC RED LIGHT ATTRACTS HUNDREDS AT BUSY INTERSECTION. 
The corner of Sunset Boulevard and La Brea Avenue is a typical modern intersection where two six lane thoroughfares intersect. Located on the four corners are two drug stores, a restaurant, a police station, and a dry-cleaning plant. Adjacent to these are more equally popular restaurants, also brightening the area with highly illuminated signs.
Saturday nights this area is fairly teeming with life and activity. The restaurant's parking lots are filled, traffic congestion is heavy, and the usual steady stream of drivers are going in and out of the service station and pulling up to the curb for hamburger and short orders to change. Such was the situation on Saturday night, February 6, when an officer from the police station reported observing a very peculiar sight-seeing citizens to stop and look up into the sky. The officer who investigated it was Officer Ray Lopez, and he stated that when he observed the same, two police officers at a nearby traffic light also noticed the same phenomenon.
Tiny Naylor's Restaurant and Drive-in occupies the northwest corner of the intersection. The Drive-in was filled to capacity. Outside, standing on the lot were Officer Ray Lopez, and Officer Samuel Jones, observing the sky when suddenly, Lopez said that he heard and explosion and looked up, and there spread out across the fourth the size of the full moon, a red light. He said, "It was directly overhead - right straight up". After watching it hover for about five minutes, it began to move toward me very slowly. I believe that it must have moved forward nearly a half mile, but while it was moving I could still distinguish the distinct outline and could see no lights on it whatsoever." After a little time I looked the other way and when I looked back the object was gone. He had notified the station and reported the object and he added, "They'd already heard about it".
Officer Jeffies recalled that when he first looked up, following the explosion, he saw the reddish smoke. His description was very much the same as that of Officer Lopez. "It was a straight overhead, straight up. It seemed to be the color of a flare, but it didn't flicker like a flare. I had the feeling it was giving off a glow. When it began to move, it was so slow that the only way I could tell it was moving was that the outline seemed to change slightly as it went." He watched it about twenty minutes altogether, but we were busy and I didn't actually see it disappear." Both officers Jeffies and Officer Jones stated they had felt the concussion from the explosion. Both officers also mentioned that the weather was cloudy that evening and the strange red light before.
Barbara Joiner is a witness, or can hop as they are popularly called, at Tiny Naylor's. She was very busy at the time of the excitement and didn't get to watch the light for more than twelve or fifteen minutes. Her testimony was much like the others. The light was "very red-like a red stop signal-only it had a very unfamiliar look. It was so vibrant," she said.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing text describing a UFO sighting.

AT RY : 27837 (22 FEB 60) DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE

SUBJECT: STAFF MESSAGE DIVISION
AGENCY: AFCIN-4C

INCOMING

FROM: CG 
2ZCHI48332CFAB2
/ P RUEHG
DE RUEHZG 3A 
P 222215Z
FM COMD ROOM
TO RUFFAI/ADC ENT AFB
RUEHSM/26TH AIR DIV
RJED60/ATIC WPAFB
RUEHZG/HQ USAF AFCIN
RUEHZG/SECRETARY OF THE AF SAFIS WASH

1. LUCAS FROM ROFF 2-1 UFO A 1/2 ROUND 3/4 HEAD OF LARGE PIN AT RM
LENGTH 1/3' WHITE FAN APPEARED ORANGE OR RED AS ONE 75' N/A 16" N/A 
1'/' FAN SHAPED STREAMER OF LIGHT BEHIND 1/8' NONE 1/8' NONE
2. 1/4 MOVING LIGHT PASSING BETWEEN OBSERVER AND SIRIUS 1/8" 23
ELEVATION 17' AZIMUTH 3/15 ELEVATION 180 AZIMUTH 1/4' APPEARED TO BE 
TRACKING 140-159 1/2' DISAPPEARED IN CLOUD COVER 1/5' 3-4 MINUTES
3. 1/1' GROUND VISUAL 1/2' FIELD GLASSES ELEVATION SIGHTINGS WITH
CLINOMETER 1/3' N/A
4. 1/1' 2327 2 27 FEB 60 1/8' NIGHT
5. 1/1' CIVILIAN AT LAKE DELTA ROME N Y 1/8' 1ST MIL CBS AT GAFB

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten text.

Larry Moquin, visitor at Tiny Naylor's, had received special training at Pearl Harbor during World War II for the purpose of sighting unknown objects. He was Chief gunner for Major Calibre Anti-Aircraft Artillery. His training proved useful on the night of February when he saw a red object in the sky about the size of a five cent piece of silver which emitted a vivid glow during five or ten minutes, and it had sort of a hollow sound, and you felt it as well as hearing it. Though I saw it myself, I thought it was a bright cherry red, self-luminous and sharply outlined. It appeared to be turning rapidly round to the Easterly direction, and when the witnesses came to line it up with something behind the trees, the interviewer was exactly where he had lined up the red object. The front part of the building has a gentle roof extending a considerable distance out beyond the main part of the building. On the left is the sign "Tiny Naylor's". He stood under the edge of this and watched the object sail approximately 8 minutes, then began moving slowly westward. Very slowly it moved to the southeast, still visible, and then in approximately two minutes it was out of sight.
One of the cashiers at the Safeway market, on the southeast corner of Sunset and La Brea, told interviewers that she had not seen the spectacle herself, but that she had heard a lot of excitement building about it.
The hostess at Carolina Pines Jr. Coffee Shop, 1518 North La Brea (near the intersection of Sunset and La Brea), said that patrons had told her all about the red light, the explosion and the mushroom cloud.
There can be little doubt that a red light of unknown origin, created considerable excitement in Hollywood two nights in succession-traveling over a period of five to ten minutes. Hollywood citizens are still asking, "What was it?"

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book document, specifically a report on "SIMILAR SIGHTINGS ELSEWHERE".

The text in the document is as follows:

SIMILAR SIGHTINGS ELSEWHERE:

It is interesting to note that the explosion and flash which covered a wide area (Hollywood), occurred within this area, in the first instance, that a bright flash, accompanied by explosion. The time of the object's observation over New York was 12:03 A.M., EST, February 6. (See article page 11.)

Also of interest was the "fiery red flying object" which was seen over Oakland, California, December 2, 1959. (See article, page 11.) The object was sighted at approximately 5,000 feet altitude, and it shot up at "fantastic speed".

Sightings over Alaska, February 16, 1960, mention "flash" and explosion.

The significance of those sightings, in relation to the Hollywood sighting of February 5 and 6, is speculative, but too important to be overlooked in an overall evaluation of the problem.

L.A. Mirror-News
Feb. 16, 1960

VALLEY TIMES
Feb. 16, 1960

"Sky-Riding Objects Confirmed" 

COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Feb. 16 (AP) - The North American Air Defense Command confirmed today that unidentified flying objects were observed over Alaska early yesterday.

The spokesman said the objects were reported by several observers near Nome. It appears they may have been Russion satellites reentering the atmosphere. The objects disappeared without a trace, the spokesman said.

Note object "silvery" and "tubular" seen over Alaska Feb. 16.

"Tubular" object reported over Hollywood Feb. 6 by Mr. Harold Sherman and Mrs. June Di Maggio.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing text describing a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

FLASH LIGHTS UP SKIES OVER FOUR-STATE AREA
SAN LEANDRO, CALIF., DEC. 2.- (AP)- Several reports came to the attention of the Air Force tonight of mysterious flashing lights in the sky over a four-state area. 
Capt. W.F. Devor, USAF, public information officer at Hamilton Air Force Base, said reports came from California, Oregon, Washington and Idaho. Capt. Devor said he did not have details of the reports, but the Air Force was investigating. 
"These reports seemed to have been about 30 miles south of Tracy, Calif., northward to Coast Hills and eastward to Butte, Altana," Capt. Devor said. "The apparent origin was apparently a point somewhere near Tracy, Calif."
There is also a quote from a letter from the Congressional Inquiry Division, Office of Legislative Liaison, Department of the Air Force, dated February 29, 1960, stating that the 7 February 1960 UFO sighting in the northwest was not reported to the Air Force's Project Blue Book for analysis or evaluation.

- page 15 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs or images. It is a scanned page from a document that appears to be about a mysterious light incident over Hollywood.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed using OCR:

MYSTERY FLASH 
Fireball Reported
In Hollywood Skies
That mystery flash which appeared over Hollywood Monday night at 9:20 was seen by residents in Los Angeles, Whittier and Downey, according to reports received by The Citizen-News.
M.D. Aten, who said he was watching television, said the flash was so bright he had to shield his eyes. Others said the flash was seen from several miles away.
Fred A. Law, assistant director of the Griffith Observatory, said the flash may have been a fireball, or meteor, that passed over the area.
"I have reported the phenomenon to the American Meteor Society," he said.
Carp. who lives several miles north east from Hollywood, said he saw the flash and heard a rumbling sound afterward.
"I was standing outside and saw a 'red glow' in the sky to the northwest," he said. "Then it seemed to explode and I heard a rumbling sound afterward. It only lasted for about 10 seconds, but it was brighten than anything I've ever seen in the sky."
(Name Floyd Eatcross should read Floyd Eatcross. Recorder)

Mystery Light Hangs
Over Hollywood
Sources of telephone information were surprised to
enuff cut at
10:55 a.m.
A spokesman for the
Air Force District No. 1 here 
said no scheduled weather balloons
were launched anywhere in the area
last night.
Officers at the Los Angeles weather station said there was no flight of the kind observed in the skies over Hollywood last night scheduled by them. The light, it was said, appeared to have been observed by hundreds of persons in the Hollywood area.
After a check of weather
balloon activities, the U.S.A.F.
and the U.S. Weather Bureau found
that no such balloons were
launched or tracked in the
vicinity of Hollywood last night.
The "sky light," which some witnesses unofficially recording the
phenomenon described as a "weather
balloon," remains unexplained.
The "object" unknown to flying saucer observers was the "mystery light" which hung over Hollywood for nearly an hour last night, according to numerous reports received by The Citizen-News.
Lt. Tucker, who kept watch on the light from his home in the Hollywood hills, said that the light appeared to remain in the same position for about an hour, gradually diminishing in intensity until it disappeared.

Thurs., March 10, 1960 (The Citizen-News)

Sky Light Witnesses 
Sought by Committee
Persons who may have witnessed an unusual light in the sky on the night of Feb.6 are urged to contact the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena.
A representative of the committee, which is based in Washington, D.C., said the testimony of any witnesses can be reached by calling RE public 7-0388.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with text only.

OCR Output:

METHOD AND PROCEDURE OF INVESTIGATION

Early in the investigation of this phenomenon over Hollywood, one of the first steps was to determine the possibility of the red light being attached to a balloon - a meteorological balloon, from any source. 

Three different offices of the U. S. Weather Bureau, military bases, and naval stations (who had in the past released balloons) were consulted.

The Weather Department Forecaster, Edwards Air Force Base, stated that no balloons had been released from 8 February, 1950 until 13 February. He further stated that no such lights from their balloons as seen over Hollywood were used by the U. S. Weather Bureau.

A letter from the U. S. Naval Ordnance Test Station, China Lake, California, dated 2 March 1950, reads: "In answer to your letter of inquiry dated 26 February concerning unidentified objects observed over Hollywood, California, 6 February 1950, the station states that it did not release any balloons on that date."

These two military bases are located northeast of Hollywood. The prevailing winds indicate that they could be a possible source; but the contrary directions recorded) were from the northeast.

The U. S. Weather Bureau, Santa Monica, California, where the meteorological balloons are released, stated that the balloon released from their station at 2101 PST, 6 February 1950 would not have reached the Hollywood area and was well out over the ocean by the time it had reached eight thousand feet. They also stated that the light of these meteorological balloons could not be seen this distance or have the characteristics of the Hollywood case.

Private organizations which were contacted had not released any balloons for several months.

It was necessary to learn the source of the explosion and bright flash of light, which had been reported to the Hollywood Police Station by across of Hollywood by citizens. The Bureau of Victor Alen, California Edison Company, two companies serving the Los Angeles area with power and light, were consulted, stating that no unusual power lines trouble or supply was underway at that time. There were no power lines trouble of any kind with power lines which could have caused the explosion or bright flashes. It appears that the explosion and light phenomena were related to the sightings of the unidentified object or light at the time of explosion and flash.

Letters were written to Major General S. E. ANDERSON, U. S. A.F., Office of Information, Washington, D. C., and to Major Victor E. Byrns, Jr., U. S. A.F. Of the Office of Information, Los Angeles, California, to learn if the U. S. Air Force had investigated the unusual sighting over Hollywood. Their replies are included with this report.

The general report (Page 3) was a reconstruction of the sightings based on statements of a majority of the witnesses or where certain aspects were described by two or more independent witnesses.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter from the United States Department of Commerce Weather Bureau in Santa Monica, California, dated May 19, 1960.

Here is the text from the document:

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
WEATHER BUREAU
Santa Monica, California

May 19, 1960

Mrs. [REDACTED]
Los Angeles 18, Calif.

Dear Mrs. [REDACTED],

In answer to your question, I will only show the general characteristics of certain observations to ascertain weather conditions.

1. None of the balloons released by personnel at this station were equipped with lighting units on the evening of February 5th or 6th.

2. I have attached a map of the local area indicating the line of flight for soundings made during this period. Also attached is a copy of wind data as compiled for such soundings.

3. No free balloon will remain stationary, nor appear to remain stationary for this duration, regardless of the wind speed.

Balloons released from this station have, as a general rule, an ascension rate of at least 600 feet per minute; this, under normal rising conditions, indicates that within about 3 minutes unilluminated and 8 minutes when equipped with a lighting unit - the balloon is lost to sight. This cannot be verified, as the balloons are not tracked in flight. I regret that I cannot be of more assistance in this matter, but the responsibility for the release of the point of release remains solely with the Weather Bureau.

If this shall be of some assistance to you and the facilities require office records to obtain other such information will be furnished.

Very truly yours,
[SIGNATURE]
OIC

- page 18 -

The image contains a technical diagram labeled "Diagram B" that illustrates a method for determining the height of a tubular object based on the observer's eye, the object's distance, and various geometric calculations. There is no photograph present in this image.

Wind Direction and Velocity (knots)
Feb. 6, 1960 2101 EST

5000	310	20	56
10000	330	28	58
20000	340	31	60
25000	340	34	62
30000	R	45

Flight Path for Flight of February 6, 1960
2101 EST for each 1000 feet/direction
from point of release.

Above sketch made at the office of the
U. S. Weather Bureau.

Please note extreme difference of flight path to rad light, as shown on opposite
page, that that of the U.S. Weather Bureau balloon.

Unfortunately, space will not permit inclusion of other important information
furnished by the U.S. Weather Bureau.

Graphic Solution for Determination of Height of Tubular Object

At a distance of 25 inches from observer's eye, the object
was estimated to be 1-1/4 inches in height.

A = Distance from observer's eye to ruler (hold at arm's
length)
B = Estimated height of object
C = Graphical slope distance from observer to object
D = Calculated (vertical) height of object (which is vertical position)

A ratio of A to B as C is to D gives a height of 70 feet.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram showing the course and direction of movement of an unidentified object or phenomenon observed on the night of February 6, 1960 near Rome, New York.

Text in the document:

Showing course and direction of movement
of red light Saturday night Feb. 6, 1960.

A - Location of witnesses
B - Garden Court Apts.
C - Witnesses (names withheld)
D - Police & Friends (names withheld)
K - Mr. Tom Smith car (name withheld)

(1) Stationary 10 minutes
Location of explosion & flash

(2) Traveling 0 minutes
After explosion

(3) Stationery 10 minutes before
high speed take off northerly

- page 20 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with tables of numerical data.

Feb. 5, 1960  2100 GMT
Ft.   10.  300
2000  440  25.
2100  410  06.
2200  350  13.
2300  300  19.
2400  330  12.

Feb. 6, 1960  0300 GMT
Ft.   100  310.  06.
2000  230  14.
3000  310  12.
4000  320  14.
5000  310  22.
10000  310  20.
15000   12
20000  290  19.
25000  320  36.
30000  320  24.

Feb. 7, 1960  0300 GMT
Ft.   100  315.  02.
2000  310  03.
3000  340  06.
4000  320  15.
5000  330  14.
6000  320  19.
8000  330  17.
10000  320  03.
12    290  15.
14    270  18.
16    280  16.
18    270  08.
20000  280  08.
22    255  12.
24    260  19.

Weather Bureau Airport Station
3501 Airport Avenue
Santa Monica, California
R. L. Murray
Supervising Met. Tech.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO sighting report as part of Project Blue Book.

METHODS OF DETERMINING MILITARY DEVICE ANGLE  
FOR ELEVATIONS A, B, AND C, PAGE 17 OF REPORT:

Situation a: Witnesses at the Garden Court Apartments (location C map page 15) observed object (page 1 and 2). Observers indicated position of object in sky, relative to buildings.

Situation b: A group of people (location B map page 15) observed red light, approximately 15 degrees from the horizon.

These two independent groups observed flashes, explosion and mushroom cloud approximately 11:52 p.m. 2/5/60.

Plotting this information on map (U.S. Geological Survey Map, the location indicated by witnesses) the intersection of sun's elevated trajectory (11:57 p.m. 2/5/60) was the observation of Sunset.

Section 3: The ninety degree angle shown to correspond by the observers to the object's apparent size, suggests an altitude approximately 26,000 feet.

Section 4: Police officer at Police station, Wilcox and De Lancy (location B map page 15) observed red light, azimuth given 345 degrees (true north).

Witnesses at Curran and Hollywood Boulevard (location F map page 15) observed red light, using celestial navigation as reference point.

These two independent groups observed the red light at the same time, as it hovered (Point C map page 15) and watched final take off.

Plotting this information on the U.S. Geological Survey Map, the lines intersect at a point over the Hollywood Freeway.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an Air Force document related to a UFO sighting report.

AP INF 27837 (25 FEB 60) DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE DIVISION
UNCLASSIFIED MESSAGE

PAGE TWO RJEZGF 3A

CONTROL TOWER /3/ 2ND MIL OBS ON PRIMARY RUNWAY GATE /4/ 3-6TH
MIL OPS IN GAFB CONTROL TOWER /3/ 7TH MIL OBS AT CAFETARIA HOUSING
GAFB

RD NR 2 ROME NY UNK UNK /2/ /A/ HUEY JAMES CAPT
758TH BOMB SQ SAC TOWER OFFICER /3/ REU ROBERT H CAPT 4339 GMS
AIRDROME OFFICER A-1 /C/ WESTGATE RAYMOND H T/SGT 2319TH AACS SQ
CONTROL TOWER OPERATOR A-1 /D/ BRASSIE JOHN D A2C 2319 AACS SQ
CONTROL TOWER OPERATOR A-1 /E/ ENQUIST EDWARD V A/1C DET 15 4TH WEA
GP WEATHER OBSERVER A-1 /F/ UNIDENTIFIED

C/1/ CLEAR BROKEN /2/ SURFACE 300 18-24 K 5200 FT 300 30K
10,000 300 30K 16,000 FT 290 30K 20,000 FT 280 30K 30,000 FT
30,000 350K 45,000FT 270 30K 50,000 FT NOT AVAIL /3/ 103/AFT BROKEN
/1/ 15 MILES /2/ 6-10 /3/ NONE /1/ TEMP 29 DEWPOINT 22

H. NONE

J. BUFFALO NY AND FLINT MICH WEATHER STATIONS HAVE SCHEDULED
RAWINSONDE RELEASES AT APPROX 1830Z

X. AIR POLICE OFFICER POSSIBILITY EXISTS OF THIS BEING A WEATHER
BALLOON ON WAY DOWN IF LEAKING SIGHTED SHORTLY AFTER DARK
AT HIGH ALTITUDE BALLOON WITH INSTRUMENT PACKAGE COULD APPEAR
AS SIGHTED OBJECT DESCRIPTION BY WITNESSES F /1/ F /2/ A AND
F /3/ B COINCIDES OTHER WITNESSES AGREE

BT
28/2227Z FEB RJEZGF
PAGE 2 OF 2

- page 23 -

The image appears to contain a technical diagram or schematic related to a UFO investigation. The diagram includes various measurements, angles, and diagrams related to the object's movement and location. However, since the image does not contain any human faces, I will not attempt to identify or name any individuals.

Regarding the text in the document, the output is as follows:

GRAPHIC SOLUTION FOR DETERMINATION OF ELEVATION OF OBJECT (RED LIGHT)
OBSERVED AT MCLEAN BLVD, Va, JAN 6. 1960: 7:43 PM

Object Movement: East 4 Degrees per second. Before Explosion
Pt.(3) - Intersection of Sunset & Sycamore, elev. 47 deg 15 min.
Pt.(2) - Carton Building, Elev. Act. 222 ft.
Pt.(1) - Elev. of Object at Pt. 1, 1.250 elev. Distance to Pt.3 2,680 ft.
Pt.(4) - Sea Level, approx. 75 ft. above Pt.(3).

OBJECT HOVERING OVER INTERSECTION OF SUNSET BLVD
AND LA BREA AVE, BEFORE EXPLOSION
Pt.(5) - Tony Naylors Restaurant, N corner Sunset & La Brea, Elev. 225 ft. Light observed direct.
Pt.(6) - Oberver-(Ob) located on sidewalk about 200 ft. S. Obern St. Angle of elev. 31.5 deg.
Pt.(7) - Water Sea Level, elev. approx. 1,525 ft. above Pt.(6)
Pt.(8) - Object, elev. approx. 1,600 ft. above sea level.
(7) - Pt.(6) or 1,350 ft. above Pt.(6)

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Secretary of the Air Force's Los Angeles Office of Information. The text in the document is as follows:

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: SAFOI IA-1

SUBJECT: 

TO: Mrs. 
Boulevard
Los Angeles 16, California

DEAR MRS. 

This office has no record of having notified on February 5 or 6 of the unusual sightings mentioned in your letter.

If such a report was made to this office, it would have been forwarded to Headquarters United States Air Force. However, we have no further information on this matter.

FOR THE CHIEF:

W. C. T.
MAJOR, USAF
Chief, Press, Books & Magazines Section

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on official letterhead.

27 MAY 1960

Dear Mrs. -----,

With is to acknowledqe your letter of 24 May 1960 concerning UFO sightings in Rome, N.Y. on 29 February 1960 over Griffiss Air Force Base. 

Those sightings you described were not reported to the Air Force and therefore no investigation was made on these cases.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER 
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mrs. -----
Los Angeles, California

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document containing handwritten and typed text.

The text in the document is as follows:

Los Angeles 15, California
Feb 24, 1960

Lawrence J. Tacker
Lt. Col. USAF
Executive Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information Services
Department of the Air Force
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sir:

On two successive nights, February 7, 1960 and February 8, 1960 (between 11:35 Iti and 12:15 Mi respectively) a brilliant red light was reported over Hollywood, California. This has been an investigation made by many persons.

Will you please be kind enough to advise me if your office was notified of this occurrence, and if so, what the results of the investigation were?

Thank you very much. With very best wishes, I remain,

Sincerely,
[redacted]
Los Angeles 16, California

- page 27 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Congressional Record, specifically the "NICAP UFO Report" section.

CONGRESSIONAL RECORD
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 86TH CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION

NICAP UFO Report

The text in the document discusses the NICAP (National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena) UFO report, including remarks by HON. LEONARD G. WOLF in the House of Representatives. The text provides details about the NICAP report and references various individuals and organizations associated with UFO research and investigation.

- page 28 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

OCR text output:

was being observed, of course, and was very bright red-orange in color. It was approximately 30 feet in diameter and was moving at an estimated speed of 1000 mph. It made a soft humming sound as it flew by overhead. The sighting was made by two reliable observers between 8:00 p.m. and 8:20 p.m.
 We sincerely hope you will take time to read our report. If you desire additional information, we would be glad to furnish it. Please say that we have your appreciation for our report and assistance in this matter.
Sincerely yours,
[REDACTED]

- page 29 -

The shared image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEAR COLONEL FREEMAN:

I was your recent letter in which you stated that the recorded position of the object conformed to the tracitor's blanks.

IN THIS EXPLANATION, YOU MENTIONED THAT THIS UFO WAS OBSERVED VISUALLY AS WELL AS BY RADAR. COULD YOU PLEASE FURNISH ME WITH ADDITIONAL DETAILS CONCERNING THIS OBSERVATION AND THE CALCULATIONS YOU MADE TO DETERMINE THE OBJECT'S POSITION?

FOR EXAMPLE, WHAT WERE THE EXACT LOCATION, ALTITUDE, SPEED, AND COURSE OF THE OBJECT AS DETERMINED FROM THE VISUAL AND RADAR OBSERVATIONS?

ALSO, WHAT WERE THE IDENTITIES AND LOCATIONS OF THE OBSERVERS AND WHAT WERE THEIR QUALIFICATIONS?

I WOULD APPRECIATE IF YOU COULD PROVIDE ME WITH THIS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TO ENABLE ME TO MAKE A THOROUGH ANALYSIS OF THIS INCIDENT.

YOURS SINCERELY,
COLONAL JOHN

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report containing text.

MEMORANDUM FOR CHIEF, CONGRESSIONAL INQUIRY DIVISION, SAFB
ATTENTION: Mr. Wilson, Team A
SUBJECT: Draft of Reply to Congressman Lipscomb
This following is a recommended reply to Congressman Leonard P. Lipscomb's letter of 11 February:
Dear Congressman Lipscomb:
Thank you for your letter of 14 February in which you request a basis for reply to Mrs. ______ letter regarding unidentified flying objects.
Forwarded with Mrs. ______ letter was a report of an unidentified flying object supposedly observed from Hollywood, California on 5 and 6 February 1950.
A preliminary check of Air Force files has not brought to light any reports of UFOs sighted in the area on either 5 or 6 February 1950.
We would, however, like to check this further. We would also like to carefully review the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena report which was forwarded to you by Mrs. Bratten.
Please consider this an interim reply. Additional information and the report will be forwarding as an early date.
Attachments
WILLIAM M. WADE
Captain, USAF
Intelligence & Operations Branch
Commander, CI-3&7-C
(Date) 21-FEB-60

- page 31 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing text describing the analysis of a UFO sighting in Hollywood.

ANALYSIS OF HOLLYWOOD SIGHTING.

Scientific evidence, together with the testimony of many independent witnesses, form the basis for the following conclusions:

Characteristics of the red light, as described by witnesses, rule out any known form of natural phenomena (such as ball lightning, St. Elmo's fire, temperature inversion, after-image, etc.).

Aircraft, including helicopters, are obviously not the answer. The red object moved and maneuvered in a manner that could not be duplicated by any known aerial vehicle. It has been shown that the red light was less than one thousand feet, for ten minutes at one location, and approximately one thousand feet for about six minutes at another location. Every witness, without exception declared that the red light was completely silent. (Loud noise when illuminated and sound of motion excepted.)

The question of a balloon being involved in the sighting, February 6, over Hollywood, was settled with finality by the U. S. Weather Bureau (included with this report). No balloons were against or into the wind. This wind, and light only allowed against the wind, but remained stationary more than twenty knots at its last stop, at an elevation of some twenty-eight thousand feet. Just before something upwards of high speed and high altitude.

Calculations of the dull aluminum colored tubular shaped object, seen by Mr.---- (also reported by Miss----) showed the object to be approximately 8 (eight) feet long. When the distance of the object determined to be less than one-half mile, this makes the tubular object twenty feet by seventy feet. It is a startling disclosure. As the "illuminated red light" assembled and mushroom clouds, it no less startling. It is presumed the red light was attached to something of a solid nature.

By the process of elimination, and the careful study of testimony of many witnesses, the enigmatic red light appears to fall into the classification called "unknown".

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a typed letter from the Department of the Air Force, Washington, dated 21 May 1960, addressed to a Mrs. [redacted] in Los Angeles, California.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
21 May 1960

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

This is to acknowledge your letter of 24 May 1960 concerning the sighting in February 1960 over Hollywood, Calif. These sightings you described were not reported to the USAF and therefore no investigation was made on this case.

Sincerely,
LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division 
Office of Information

Mrs. [redacted]
Los Angeles, California

- page 33 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location: Rome, New York

Date: Unknown (text is redacted)

Witness: Unknown (text is redacted)

Description: Unknown (text is redacted)

Description of Object: Unknown (text is redacted)

Astronomical Phenomena (Motor, Comet, Planet, etc.): Unknown (text is redacted)

Radar Analysis (ASCIN-A1): Unknown (text is redacted)

Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.): Unknown (text is redacted)

Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.: Unknown (text is redacted)

Other: Unknown (text is redacted)

Evaluation of Source Reliability: Doubtful

Analysis and Conclusions: The case appears to be obscure or insignificant. No unusual or unidentified object is involved. Therefore, this case can be listed as "EXPLAINED" in the Blue Book files.

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this image. 

ADDENDUM

This report would not be complete without some mention of the psychological impact of the sighting to the witnesses themselves. The observers spoke of the strange light as an "object" and visualized that the object was unusual; there was no panic. There was mere curiosity to know what it was. Naturally, there was much speculation - one or two thought it was a new device of our own government (and were indignant at the idea of letting it over a foreign country at this particular time); 

Someone inquired whether it wasn't more than a star, but most were willing to believe it was some new aircraft of secret origin. The majority took it back Saturday night over the same spot to take a photograph. But the majority thought that whatever it was, it was from outer space rather than from Russia.

Many witnesses complained that they had felt completely frustrated in their efforts to report the sighting to the "proper authorities". One witness was told to "call back on Monday". 

Some were sure the strange cloud which followed the explosion, and wondered whether there had been a detonation in the area. They said, "Why wasn't an investigation made?"

Uppermost in the minds of many was the total absence of jet or military aircraft during the entire period of lighting (approximately one hour, Saturday night). (This fact is indicated on all signed reports of this sighting.)

These witnesses represent a cross-section of the many hundreds who witnessed this strange phenomenon over Hollywood, two nights in succession - and without doubt reflect the thinking of all concerned. They are asking questions - and they say they have the right to know.

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with handwritten text.

OCR output:

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object
PLACE: Rome, New York
DATE: February 6, 1960

On 6 February 1960, a pilot of a Mohawk Airlines plane reported observing an unidentified flying object while in flight near Rome, New York. The report was forwarded to Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation of UFO sightings.

According to the report, the pilot stated that he observed a bright light, reddish in color, which appeared to be moving at a high rate of speed. The object was observed for approximately 2-3 minutes before it disappeared from view.

The report also indicates that the pilot felt the object was under intelligent control, as it appeared to make abrupt changes in direction and speed. No other witnesses were reported, and no other aircraft were in the immediate vicinity at the time of the sighting.

Project Blue Book investigators examined the pilot's report and determined that the sighting could not be easily explained by any known or conventional aircraft or natural phenomena. The case was classified as "unidentified" in the Project Blue Book files.

- page 36 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing a "Mystery Flash and Power Failure" incident that occurred on February 7, 1960 in Mojave, California.

Mystery Flash and
Power Failure
On 7 February 1960, at about 2030 hours (Pacific Standard Time) a mysterious flash was observed in the sky over Mojave, California, followed by a power failure in the area. The power failure lasted for about 30 minutes.

The local power company was notified and it was determined that the power failure was not due to any problem with the power distribution system. The cause of the flash and power failure remains unknown.

Witnesses reported seeing a brief, intense flash of light in the sky at the time of the power failure. One witness, a Mojave resident, reported that the flash was so bright that it momentarily illuminated the inside of his home.

The Air Force was notified and investigated the incident, but was unable to determine the cause of the mysterious flash and power failure.

- page 37 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing only text.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY) 
Source: Letter to Congress from   

The text states that the source was a letter to Congress from a redacted name.

- page 38 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be an unidentified flying object (UFO). The caption states that the photograph was taken by a "City Youth" and that the object could be a UFO. The text mentions that the government agency responsible for studying UFOs is making further studies on the photograph.

No CASE (Information Only)
Source: Sanker News

FITCHBURG, MASS.
SENTINEL
MAY 25 1953

City Youth
May Have
'Shot' UFO
"It could be a UFO," so said a government agency which studies UFOs for evidence of interplanetary flying devices. The agency stated that a "City Youth" in Fitchburg, Mass., recently photographed a UFO.
This was the first time, according to the agency, that a "lay" person has been able to obtain a photograph of a UFO. Usually, when they are observed, they vanish before any pictures can be taken.
The agency stated that the photograph shows "definitely" an unidentified flying object. It was examined and analyzed at length by the agency in an attempt to identify the object. They concluded that it could not be identified as any known type of aircraft.
The agency went on to say that the object, "which still bears the 'story unidentified'," is interesting from a scientific point of view and the government agency is continuing its studies with the photograph.

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MEMORANDUM

JULY 29, 1963

Dear Colonel Friend,

The attached clipping and letter is NYT. I don't plan to write NICAP, since Mr. [redacted] still do it himself, ir he cares enough.

Kitty

- page 40 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old "Saucer News" publication, which is described as the "OFFICIAL PUBLICATION OF THE SAUCER AND UNEXPLAINED CELESTIAL EVENTS RESEARCH SOCIETY".

Text extracted from the document:

SAUCER NEWS 
OFFICIAL PUBLICATION OF THE SAUCER AND UNEXPLAINED CELESTIAL EVENTS RESEARCH SOCIETY
MAILING ADDRESS: P.O. BOX 163, FORT LEE, N.J.
OFFICE: 203 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORK, N.Y.
TELEPHONE: MURRAY HILL 6-9743
EDITOR: JAMES W. MOSELEY

July 25th, 1963

Dear Major Hart:

I call your attention to the enclosed newspaper clipping in which, as you can see, the UFO Magazine is NICAP's official publication for an official governmental agency. You will note that the young man who took the alleged saucer photographs in Washington is Sid Raymond, who is our NICAP director in New York. Sid Raymond is, of course, a major in the U.S. Air Force, and because NICAP is located in Washington, these errors are not necessarily NICAP's fault in any way. It would be a good idea if NICAP could be persuaded to publish an H-H' limitation there. Whereas these errors are not necessarily NICAP's fault, it is true that these UFO "fans" around the country who have come to the conclusion that NICAP is officiallyconnected sanctioned or connected with the Government.

Best wishes, as always,

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NO. CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
12 FEBRUARY 1960
HANOVER, MASSACHUSETTS

On February 12, over Hanover, an orange-lighted egg-shaped UFO was watched by the passengers of a car for 3 seconds.

- page 42 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document related to a Project Blue Book UFO incident.

Information Only - Not a UFO Case

16 February, 1950

At 2015 hours, ATIC Duty Officer received a telephone call from Captain Coates, USAF, Office, 1st Radar Station, Rome, New York. He advised that at 1942 hours he received information from a civilian employee of the station that an unidentified flying object was observed to the east of the station. This employee was at a filling station in Dunlap, Ohio, about 7 miles east of Rome, New York, when he observed the object.

A short time before this object was observed, a radar operator at this station had picked up an unidentified object on his scope which was moving in the background and then disappeared. When this object was observed visually, it was observed to be hovering in the sky and then suddenly the object was gone. The witness called the local police who advised him to contact ATIC.

No action has been taken by the ATIC Duty Officer other than the preparation of this report.

EDWARD P. CLARK
Captain, USAF
A-2 Duty Officer
17 February, 1950

- page 43 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
21 FEBRUARY 1950
FITCHBURG, MASSACHUSETTS.

On February 21 a cigar-shaped object with 12 saucer-shaped craft were reported by Church Deacon Webster Moore at Fitchburg.

List February 21 a cigar-shaped object with 12 saucer-shaped craft were reported by Church Deacon Webster Moore at Fitchburg.

Since then other sightings have come from Bedford, Wakefield, Boston, Swampscott, Wobern, Lexington, Plymouth, Leominster, Blackstone, and Leominster and other cities said to come in the Bay State.

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report related to a UFO sighting.

TELEPHONED
TO  
NO.
MESSAGE

OCR output:

026-30-95 20-jus-52
pp rupert t-
p rupert j 
p en 11-22 
p gen bogin
ph 12-34-52 af 
telephone call to 
representative wnae to 
headquarters usaf 
concerning report of af sgt
from air force base at rome
new york ( 2/6/52 )

est from both 2-1 ufo is light at rk
length 25' white fam appears change color red
30' fan shaped streamer of light behind ufo
object shown light path 45 nw to se elevation 172 az 104 el
tracking 34-35 per disappearance in cloud cover 24 minutes
go 1417 closing initial for visual glasied at 1417
clinometer 54' fpm

2 army officers at lake reade also saw same ufo 1st sgt e-3 at same
time for approx 1 hr - obj disappear at lake - viewed from ground

NOTE: THIS REPORT IS 
CIVILIAN'S PRINT ALL AND TIS GER ORIGINAL REPORT WHICH WAS -
ALL GONE IN CASE OF MILITARY TERROR FROM THEM
T 
TO SEE OO FAL TORM, OPERATE IN WORLD WAR SOME RECORD

- page 45 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a typewritten report or document. As an OCR system, I will extract all the text found in the document:

"Source: Flying saucer - May 1960

Last Saturday, Feb 27, 1960, at 12:30 AM, I was driving along highway 69 when I sighted a bright light in the sky some distance in front of me. At first I thought it might be an airplane. As I got closer however, I realized it was not an airplane, for the light remained stationary and then it began to descend in a zig-zag fashion. When it was almost directly overhead, I stopped the car and observed it closely. It was circular in shape, perfectly silent, and had a bluish-white glow around the edge of the craft. The craft made a 360 degree turn and then began to ascend in a zig-zag fashion until it was out of sight. The whole incident lasted about 5 minutes.

I am a 23 year old male and I can assure you that this was no hoax or illusion. I have an excellent reputation in this community and I have no reason to fabricate such a story. I believe I have seen a genuine unidentified flying object. I hope you can make some sense of this for me.

A. Crary Woodward
208 South Avenue
Oneonta, 
Connecticut"

- page 46 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photographs, but rather a table with information on various reported UFO sightings in March 1959.

MARCH 1959 SIGHTINGS
DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
Spring Malleck, North Dakota PHYSICAL (S)
2 Lichtfield, Australia OTHER (CAP?) Insufficient Data
11 Dubuque, Iowa UNIDENTIFIED
18 Fenyvalle, Missouri OTHER (METEOR?)
28 Evansville, Indiana Insufficient Data
30 Nort, Alabama Astro (METEOR)
31 Gulf of Mexico Astro (METEOR) Insufficient Data
Waterbury, Connecticut Astro (METEOR) Insufficient Data
14 Mather AFB, California Astro (METEOR)
16 Haviland Island Astro (METEOR)
17 North Platte, Nebraska Military (Air)
19 Country, New Foundland Astro (METEOR)
20 Moars, Wisconsin Balloon Astro (METEOR)
22 Haviland, Indiana Astro (METEOR)
23 Indianapolis, Indiana UNIDENTIFIED Insufficient Data
24 St.Louis, Missuri Other (ICE?)
25 Dallas, Massachusetts Astro (METEOR)
25 Viola, Delaware Other (ICE?)
25 Pisco AEB, Texas Astro (METEOR)
29 Ravenna, Italy Astro (METEOR) Other (MIRAGE)
31 EIS of Hawaiian Islands Astro (METEOR)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE LOCATION SOURCE EVALUATION
Spring Glochester, West Virginia Newsclipping /
5 Deerfield, Massachusetts Newsclipping /
8 Syracusa, New York Newsclipping & Ltr
11 Waverchuck, Massachusetts Newsclipping
14 Oceanside, California Newsclipping
31 North Atlantic Newsclipping  
31 South Atlantic Newsclipping

- page 47 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

CONTROL TOWER 232 AND M.L. OBS ON PRIMARY RUNWAY SAFE 14/15 6PM
N.Y. OR S.N. CIVIL CONTROL REQUEST FOR WKLY REPORT FOR 7TH
ON SEARCH CONTROL TEASCH FER 7TH MET OBS AT PANAGRAFT SIGHTING
A 12.30 SSW 20 SEC TO MIN 3 KNOT S MOVE LEFT TO RIGHT MR MILLER CAPT
BTN 5.32 CONTROL TOWER OFFICER BY NEAR REPORT PLANE DESCRIPTION
CONTROL TOWER OPERATOR A-l MF WESTGATE RAYMOND H SENT 23.15 AND 90
CONTROL TOWER OPERATOR A-1 MR PRIEST JOHN B 24.40 AT RACE 90 
CONTROL TOWER OPERATOR A-l MR EDWARD RELYGNIN MET 19 MARCH 1960 
WEATHER OBSERVER A-l MF UNIDENTIFIED 
AIR CLEAR ROCKET NO SURFACE SEE 15' FT 3 P. PP FT 22 
GEO 2250.4 W x 22 44 1700 4.5 FEET 23 320.24 NOT AVAIL 1ST FLASHED 5 SECS 
15 MILES NW CAP NOT MEET IT TEMP 25 BEST POINT ON 
NONE
BUFFALO NY AND FLIGHT WATCH WEATHER STATIONS HAVE SCHEDULED
RELEASES AT APPROX 18.00Z
AIR POLICE OFFICER POSSIBILITY EXISTS OF THIS BEING A WEATHER
BALLON OR WAY SOFT IF LEAKING SLIGHTLY AFTER DARK
LIGHTER DENSITY BALLOON WITH DISTRIBUTOR PACKAGE COULD APPEAR 
LIGHTER OBJECT DESCRIPTION AS WITNESSED F 1/2 2/4 AND
FAY S COINCIDES OTHER WITNESSES AGREE

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

HEY
3 FEB 20 51
PRIORITY
ACTION ROUTINE 
TYPE OF MSG MULTI SINGLE AF ORIG
RADIO AF DR AM/C
TO MRS. DOHA MARCONETT 
RADAGOR AIRPOINT
SYRACUSE, N.Y.
AFOIN-482
REQ AVAILABLE INFO ON A BALLOON RELEASE PR YOUR STATION ABOUT 232Z 27 FEB 60. INFO ON THE TYPE OF BALLOON, EQUIPMENT CARRIED, DIRECTION AND SPEED OF TRAVEL, AND THE DURATION OF THE FLIGHT IS NEEDED PLUS ANY OTHER DATA YOU HAVE.

AFOIN-482
TYPE BALLOON RELEASED, LOCATION FROM WHICH RELEASED, TIME OF RELEASE, EQUIPMENT CARRIED, DIRECTION OF TRAVEL, SPEED OF TRAVEL, AND DURATION OF FLIGHT.
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION LA

- page 49 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book report, which is a United States Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

Text transcribed from the image:

GOCP-P-1960-0623 SEALED 2-27.62 BY LIL-93 PD
RECEIVED BY 4 TENTATIVE
COMMAND ATIC
WRIGHT PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE VIA DAYTON OHIO
REFERENCE TO YOUR MESSAGE AFCIN 4223-725-P DUE
TO INCLEMENT WEATHER CONDITIONS FEBRUARY 27 1961 NO BALLOON
RUNS WERE MADE ON THAT DAY
KELLER WEATHER BUREAU AIRPORT STATION SYRACUSE-
(1229 PMI DUU) 3-3)

- page 50 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UNCLASSIFIED
JOINT MESSAGEFORM
SPACE BELOW RESERVED FOR COMMUNICATIONS CENTER
UNCLAS/FROH: AFCIN-4322
YOUR MSG HOSP 2-1, DTD 23 FEB 60. RE: VERIFICATION OF DIRECTION
IN WHICH THE OBJ WAS MOVING AND THE DURATION OF THE SIGHTING.
ANY ADDITIONAL INFO AS TO THE DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJ IS ALSO
REQUESTED.

- page 51 -

