The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 29 Jul 63  
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2030/3462
3. LOCATION: Cincinnati
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 0 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: "Bright object" - a light in the sky. The observer states that he first saw the object as a bright light and that it was stationary at first. The object then accelerated and made a fast run, leaving a sort of wake off to the north of the observer.
11. COMMENTS: This sighting has the shortest duration of any observation in the recent files. The rapidity and course or acceleration were so extreme as to instantly discredit any notion of the object being a known satellite, balloon or other conventional aerial device.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form, intended for observers to provide a description of an observed event.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write a short description of the event that you observed. You may regesplease write the date in which they occurred. Additional pages for the same case paper may be attached
for statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages for the same case paper may be attached.

NAME:        (Do Not Write In This Space)
SIGNATURE:
DATE:        CODE:

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet, which contains a questionnaire for reporting UFO sightings. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and extract all the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information about unidentified aerial phenomena. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.

We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
DAY___ MONTH___ YEAR___

2. Time of day: ___ HOUR (Circle One): A.M. / P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern  b. Central  c. Mountain  d. Pacific  e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
City or Town                      State or Country

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight? ___ HOURS ___ MINUTES ___ SECONDS

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Carefully timed  b. Fairly certain  c. Not very sure  d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Clear  b. Partly cloudy  c. Overcast
NIGHT: a. Clear  b. Partly cloudy  c. Overcast  d. Don't remember 

7. IF you saw the object DURING DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located?
(Circle One): a. In front of you  b. To your left  c. To your right  d. Overhead  e. Don't remember

ATIC #*-I 164   This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that includes a questionnaire or form with various questions and response options.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR?

11. DID THE OBJECT:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No
d. Give off smoke?  Yes No
e. Change brightness? Yes No
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR:
(Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING?
a. Sunglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes
f. Telescope Yes
g. Headlights Yes
h. Other

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that includes a form with questions for the witness to fill out.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in the drawing the size, color, and special features. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                       b. Had a bright edge
                       c. Sharp
                       d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document with instructions and questions related to observing and documenting UFO sightings.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the abject or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form. 

The text in the document is as follows:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. All are

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North
b. South
c. East
d. Southeast
e. Southwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One):
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One):
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees. If used upward from the horizon (or downward). 
31.1 When it first appeared: _________ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: _________ degrees.

- page 7 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved shape in the sky, with an object or explosion in the upper right corner. The second sketch depicts a person walking down a road, with buildings and a landscape visible in the background.

32. To the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve of the high object was above the horizon (skyline) where you first saw it. (Place a "B" on the point where you last saw it.)

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it. Refer to similar sketch as an example of how to complete it.

- page 8 -

This image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the report with the filename "1960-07-7819300-Cincinnati.pdf9.txt".

The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or survey form with questions related to the weather conditions and details of a reported UFO sighting, such as the date, time, and location of the sighting, whether anyone else witnessed the object, and the observer's opinion on what the object might have been.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day                     Month                  Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)           Yes                      No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)           Yes                      No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses.
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)           Yes                      No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see it?
[No response provided]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[No response provided]

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire form.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME: Last Name, First Name
ADDRESS: Street, City, Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: [redacted]  
SEX: [redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: - Day - Month

- page 10 -

