There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, containing information about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred on August 27, 1950 in Centerville, Ohio.

The text in the document is as follows:

ANONYMOUS 
PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 27 AUG 50
2. LOCATION: Centerville, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: 0 YES - 0 NO
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 min.
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
8. COURSE: NA
9. ALTITUDE: NA
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 
The object was a star was seen in the sky. It appeared to move from side to side. Was not able to disappear.
11. COMMENTS:
The object was in the sky for a period of 5 min and caused this sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

32. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
41. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME DID NOT WISH TO GIVE PERSONAL
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Age Sex
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be relevant.
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8-7  Day Month

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)".

The text of the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and coded as accurately as possible, please fill in the following spaces to write out a short description of the event that you observed, and any information, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details as clearly as you can in the space provided. Additional pages of the same size paper may be added if required. 

NAME:
SIGNATURE:
DATE:

A flying saucer with a dome on it. The object was traveling with a clear motion, it's speed could not be estimated, as there were no points of reference. The object then made a sharp vertical climb and disappeared.

DD's note: After it appeared to glow for a short period, the object made a sharp vertical climb and completely disappeared.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO analysis report document.

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
Location: Centerville, Ohio
Date: 27 Aug 1950
Time: 2029
Description: One object that appeared to be a star was seen in the sky at approximately 60-70 deg above the horizon. It appeared to move from side to side. The object was viewed for 7 minutes, but was not seen to disappear.
Direction of Motion: Stationary
Satellite: (ASGIN-43), Phone 69219 - Ruled out
Astronomical Phenomena (meteor, comet, planet, etc.): F/28 Altair
Radar Analysis (ASGI-4E1): None
Natural Phenomena (Bail lightning, etc.): -
Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.: Ruled out
Evaluation of Source Reliability: Variable
Analysis and Conclusions: The witness reported the sighting, but the star Altair was located in that position and they had the impression that it was moving so as to be looking at it.

- page 4 -

The image shared does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
AFCIN-442

SUBJECT: INCREASE FROM DUTY OFFICERS' REPORT

TO: AFCIN-442 (MAJOR FRIAND)

The following, extracted from Captain Norton's Report dated 15 August 1962, is submitted for your information:

"0920 hours: A UFO report was made from Centerville (Dayton), Ohio. The object was described as an intense bright light, changing in size from the size of a large star to that of a car headlight, with a bluish-green color. The object moved erratically, then accelerated rapidly and was lost to sight. No other witnesses could be located. The Sulphur Grove Weather Station reported a bright light in the sky at about the same time, but could not determine its identity. This report is sent from 90,000 feet at 2200 hours."

(Signed)
JOHN C. McNEILL
CAPT-USAF

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet that is used to collect information about unidentified aerial sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This form is designed to obtain information as completely and concisely as possible concerning any unidentified aerial object. The information you have provided will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name or address will not be mentioned in any statements, conclusions, or publications without your further permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may request additional details.

1. When did you see the object? August 7, 1960
2. Time of day: 2:22 (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? CENTERVILLE, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? 5 Minutes Seconds
6. How was the size of the object determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

ATIC 164 this form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 OCT 54.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or form about the details of a reported UFO sighting.

The text in the document says:

IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. Don't remember
10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? N/S
11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each)  
a. Appear to stand still at any time?        Yes    No
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?    Yes    No
c. Break up into parts or explode?           Yes    No
d. Change brightness?                Yes    No
e. Change shape?                    Yes    No
f. Flash or flicker?                  Yes    No
g. Disappear and reappear?                Yes    No
12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know
If it moved behind: Don't know
13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know
If in front of: Don't know
14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes    No  e. Binoculars              Yes    No
b. Sun glasses           Yes    No  f. Telescope             Yes    No  
c. Windshield           Yes    No  g. Other                Yes    No
d. Window glass         Yes    No

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with questions and instructions for the witness to fill out.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any of the things mentioned as to size, proportions, etc.; and especially indicate with an arrow the direction that the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle (one)
b. Fuzzy, blurred
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
One a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that the objects were moving.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or form with text prompts and instructions.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" on the path, a "B" at the beginning of the path, and a "C" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course of the object's flight.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. What was the apparent size of the object in relation to the apparent size of the head of the match? If you had performed this comparison, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a form with various questions and sections for the witness to fill out, such as where they were located when they saw the object, what direction they were moving, and details about the object's appearance and behavior.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In an open field
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
lay 1/2D in a HAyriocK

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete: 
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. Northeast d. Southeast
28.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees if was upward from the horizon:
31.1 When it first appeared: ___ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: 
a. From true North ____ degrees.
b. From true horizon ____ degrees.

- page 10 -

The image contains two sketches, but no photograph. 

The top sketch shows a bright object in the sky with a trail of light behind it, along with instructions to imagine the viewer is at point "A" and the object is at the horizon.

The bottom sketch shows a road with buildings and trees on either side, with a person standing in the middle of the road. This sketch is labeled as an example of how to complete a smaller sketch at the "A" position.

Text output:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the road to show the position of the observer (you) when you first saw the object. The object was above the horizon (outlined) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the sketch to show the position of the object when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position when you first saw the object. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete this.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and answers about the sighting of an unidentified object.

CLOUDS (Circle One)	WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky	a. Dry 
b. Hazy	b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds	c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds	d. Snow
e. Other (remember) 

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
17 August, 1960	ATIC DUTY DESK

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
YES (Circle One)	No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)	Yes		No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
WIFE OF PERSON REPORTING

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)	Yes		No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other objects?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 12 -

