The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and observations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 22 Sep 60
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2100L
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
4. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 10 minutes
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. LOCATION: Dedham, Massachusetts
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 minutes
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Sighted a small, silent object, about the size of a Polaris, moving quickly to the east. It appeared to be a silvery white color with a shape similar to a teardrop.
9. SOURCE: Civilian
10. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
11. COMMENTS: Witnesses are located on the edge of Boston. Possible that this may have been one of the many military aircraft operating in the area at the time. Insufficient data to make a valid conclusion.

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, United States Air Force, regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting report. The text of the document is as follows:

Dear Sir:

We have not been able to determine the nature of the recent observation, and we therefore cannot complete your report for:

Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
United States Air Force 
Dayton, Ohio

Any further correspondence regarding this matter should be addressed to this office.

Thank you for your time and interest.

Respectfully,
Warren M. McCurry
Public Information

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

OBSERVER REPORT FORM
OBSERVATION RANK: IV

Place of observation: Dedham, Mass.
Date: 23 Sept 60
Time: 10:30 P.M. EDT
Duration of time object was observed: (est.) 30-35 minutes
Apparent size of object: 1/8 to 1/4 of apparent diameter of moon
Shape of object: Cigar-shaped 
Color of object: Silver or whitish
Number of objects: 1 
Motion: Hovering, then slight upward drift, then hovering
Background and weather conditions: Clear and calm
Narrative: (detailed description of what was observed):
While observing what appeared to be a fixed celestial object or star, I noticed an object with the above characteristics move into the field of view. The object was definitely metallic in appearance and seemed to be hovering, then drifting slightly upward, and then hovering again. I watched it for approximately 30-35 minutes. At no time did it leave the general area of the sky it had first appeared in, and it seemed to hang motionless for the most part. The metallic surface reflected the starlight. At one point, it appeared to change in brightness slightly. The object did not seem to be an aircraft. Did it change direction? NO

Careful consideration of all aspects:
(Note: In the upper right, a marginal note says "4/23 - Additional information... - see back")
On the upper, 2 men in conversation, 10 mph, for several minutes, disappeared upward into the clouds and stars (as seen).
S.W.S.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

Color: Did it explode, disintegrate, or suddenly vanish?
Any tail or trail? 
Did any sound accompany the object?
If sound followed later, give time interval.
Was it associated with binoculars or telescope or photographed?
Give position of telescopic or binocular for at least two points with regard to the object.
The graphic portion of the text is redacted, but the remaining handwritten text is as follows:

"Did it explode, disintegrate, or suddenly vanish?
Any tail or trail?
Did any sound accompany the object?
If sound followed later, give time interval.
Was it associated with binoculars or telescope or photographed?
Give position of telescopic or binocular for at least two points with regard to the object.
The object moved in a descending straight line at a slow speed, observed for about 4 minutes, then it just disappeared. No sound was heard, and it was not associated with any optical instrument. I was not photographed."

- page 4 -

