The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card that details a UFO sighting report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 9 May 60
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0215Z
5. PHOTOS: 0
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not stated
9. COURSE: zig-zag
11. COMMENTS: Subject: Possible light refraction from fog and inversion. However witness called attention to object which gave it a "halo" effect. No sound. Information received in letter. Observed by civilian and member of Canadian Air Force. Request for additional information not answered. No conclusion can be reached.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. The image shows a page from an old document that appears to be an official report, likely from Project Blue Book, regarding an unidentified object sighting near Ottawa, Canada.

The text output from the document is as follows:

Dear Sirs:

On Monday May 9, at approx. 2:15 A.M. while driving along the Ottawa River (East Sound) I observed the following:

A light in the sky (which I first thought to be an aircraft landing light) was approaching from the east towards Rockcliffe Airport. My attention was drawn to this as the light seemed to suddenly grow a short distance and then stopped. This maneuver was repeated a few times and then the light stopped and myself along with a member of the air force who was a passenger in my car got out and observed this object. When this object came closer it passed behind a cloud and when it did the light made a sound like a humming sound and there was no sound from the object.

The object was higher than a star and the most remarkable thing about it was that the object was very bright, brighter than a star and the color was white. The following morning I called the control tower at Rockcliffe Airport and asked if there were any aircraft in the sky at that time, but was told that there were none.

I have considerable experience in this field, having been in the vicinity of RCAF Stations and I know what I saw was not an aircraft. I spoke to one of our officers and he advised me to contact the National Defense Dept.

R.C.A.F. Rockcliffe (Dept of Construction and Maintenance) and I am quite familiar with aircraft and this, whatever it was, was not an aircraft.

Perhaps additional considerable reports about strange objects in the sky. I have always been rather skeptical about such reports. If any explanation can be given I should be glad to hear from you at your convenience.

May I thank you in advance for any information you can give me in regards to this object.

Yours very truly,
[Redacted]
Ottawa, Ontario

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text only.

AFSN-122 
D3 Sightings 

SAYL'AL-3d (Ray Tecker)
Suggest standard UFO questionnaire be forwarded to the following:

Malden, Mass
Temple, Pa
Ottawa, Ontario

Copies of letters from these individuals are attached.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
PHILIP G. EVANS 
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

- page 3 -

The shared image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram depicting a scene. The main elements in the image are:

1. The Ottawa River, labeled at the top of the image.
2. An R.C.A.F. (Royal Canadian Air Force) station labeled "Rockliffe".
3. A curved "driveway" leading to the RCAF station.
4. A circular "object" labeled "OBJECT" with a "HALO" around it, indicating some type of unidentified aerial phenomenon.
5. An arrow labeled "PATH UP" pointing towards the object.

The image appears to be a diagram or sketch related to a UFO sighting or observation, likely from a Project Blue Book report.

OTTAWA RIVER
DRIVEWAY
WHAT PROBABLY WAS
RCAF STATION 
ROCKLIFFE
N
W E
S
VIEW WHILE BEHIND CLOUD
OBJECT
HALO 
PATH UP
OBJECT

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text from the document is as follows:

21 June 1960

Dear [REDACTED],

This is to acknowledge your recent letter regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

Your letter contains insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, I request you complete the attached Air Force Questionnaire in regard to the sighting. This will provide the necessary details.

Office of Information Services
USAF
LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Col., USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Ottawa, Ontario

10-34 comeback
10-1 reader

- page 5 -

