The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card for a UFO sighting that occurred on 4 March 1950 in Dubuque, Iowa.

The text found in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 4 March, 1950
2. LOCATION: Dubuque, Iowa
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. COURSE: NE
6. DURATION OF SIGHTING: 20 minutes
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: three
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Unidentical objects, size of a quarter in the sky, traveling at an apparent speed of 1500-2000 mph, occasionally blinking on and off slightly, and just disappeared.
The source of this light was difficult to determine, nor was the size or altitude of the objects definable. There was nothing unusual or extraordinary about the observation, nor anything such as described by the witness, just, as in the main, an unusual observation which remains unidentified. There were no other objects visible during the observation, and the observation was made by two civilian adults who were driving a car. This episode was apparently not observed on this film.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

HEADQUARTERS STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFUTT AIR FORCE BASE, NEBRASKA

SUBJECT: Flights in the Dubuque, Iowa Area 

TO: Air Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC-IN-22x) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference your letter, Subject: Request for Information, dated 2 September 1960; the following information is submitted:

a. Number and type aircraft: Three (3) B-52 aircraft, using route call tactics.

b. Altitudes: 31,000 to 32,000 feet.

c. Route and times: From a point 15NM south - southeast of Dubuque to a point 60NM north - northeast of Dubuque (LOGAN 9015N to LINAL 2008W).
(1) 18:12Z to 19:12Z - TO 360°, TH 350°
GS 370, TAS 425
(2) 22:37Z to 23:38Z - TO 009°, TH 350°
GS 370, TAS 430 
(3) 03:08Z to 05:10Z - TO 360°, TH 350° 
GS 370, TAS 425

2. No other aircraft of this command were flying in the Dubuque, Iowa area on 11 March 1960.

3. Notification of appropriate Air Defense Sectors is a routine function of Air Route Traffic Control for flights involving penetration of an ADIZs.

FOR THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF:

Signed:
Lt. Gen. W.H. Hartsog
Chief of Operations

"Peace... is our Profession"

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a saucer-shaped object captured on movie film by pilots. The text describes the incident, stating that on March 4, at Dubuque, Iowa, three silver, saucer-shaped objects were captured on movie film by pilots. The authorities obtained photographs of the objects for further investigation.

According to the OCR:

At 0200 est 11 March 1960 , Waverly AFS, IOWA, was contacted regarding possible ATIC flying over Dubuque. The operations officer at Dubuque reported that they had no record of b-52s flying around Dubuque on 9 or 10 March 60.
Through the efforts of Lt Waddle, several other radar stations in the area were contacted, with negative results.
According to Lt Waddle B-52s normally fly at 30,000 to 35,000 feet altitude.

On March 4 at Dubuque, IOWA three silver, saucer-shaped objects were captured on movie films by Pilots. Authorities Grab Photos: 1 Def Urges Vigilance On Part of Members. The instance in which pilots succeeded in obtaining photographs of unidentified aerial phenomena comes to the attention of the AFSS staff. On the fourth of March, Charles Mcreath, an airline instructor, sighted 19 feet of moving picture film of a formation of three disc-shaped objects over Dubuque. Mcreath estimated their speed at 1,200 mph. The objects were silver in color, their speed estimated at 2,000 mph. The objects made a turn and disappeared. The film was given to the Federal government 'for inspection and study'.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document, possibly related to Project Blue Book, with a table of weather observation data.

U. S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE, WEATHER BUREAU
SURFACE WEATHER OBSERVATIONS
(Rev. 1-1-55) 
STATION__Municipal, Iowa (airport)_______ DATE March 4, 1960
TYPE TIME SKY AND CEILING WIND WEATHER SEA TEMP TEMP PRESSURE AMOUNT SHIP REMARKS AND SUPPLEMENTAL CODED DATA
(Hundreds of feet)  DIRECTION SPEED CONDITION LEVEL READING CHANGE WIND SHIFTS UNITS
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
R 7220 0 25 301 -2 M /2 034
R 7230 0 20 315 -2 /4/ 028
R 7240 0 20 315 -3 /7/ 027

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual information other than text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

22 AUG 1960

SUBJECT: *******
Comments on **** Letter

1. The unidentified letter and report from **** has been reviewed by ATIC. It is believed no further comment or action is required.

2. In reply to your query regarding contact with Strategic Air Command regarding the apparent incidents in the Dubuque, Iowa area, ATIC did contact several radar stations in the Midwest, as well as the Chicago Air Defense Sector. However, no definite sightings or information that they had no record of B-52's flying in the Dubuque, Iowa area on 4 or 10 March 1956.

3. It is believed the information to the effect that there were sightings in the Dubuque areas without this knowledge of radar stations and the Chicago Air Defense Sector. It is not understandable by ATIC how such flights could be made without the Chicago Air Defense Sector's knowledge.

PHILIP G. EVANS
COLONEL, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

COORDINATION:
AFCIN-12XXXX Date 19 Aug 60
AFCIN-12 XX Date 17 Aug 60

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

CIVILIAN U.F.O. RESEARCH
COMPLETION OF STUDY
Date of sighting: 4 March 1950
Location: Dubuque, Iowa
Time: Approximately 1750 hours (5:50 p.m.)
Study Commenced: 28 March 1950
Study Terminated: 7 August 1950
Conclusion subject to further consideration? Yes
Report dated by: [REDACTED]
Date issued: AUG 9 1950

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output the text found in the document:

I. Introductory Comments:
This is probably the most confusing sighting that CUFOR shall have to considered as far as the UFO's position - just about every angle has been reported. A letter arrives that throws everything up for grabs again. Even the inquiry letters have not yet been answered. If answers are received, they will be issued.

On July 9, 1960, CUFOR's director wrote to Lt. Col. (formerly Major) L.J. Tacker, Air Force Pentagon spokesman for UFOs, and told him that since publication of testimony concerning sightings, the Air Force had remained silent on the 25th. He asked that the details of the flight and the official evaluation of it be provided.

II. Details of Sightings:
At approximately 5:55 p.m., March 4, 1960, Charles D. Lewis and his wife, a single-engine USAAF trainer of WWI vintage) person at about 2,000 feet when they noticed three luminous objects, elliptical in shape, traveling NNE at great speed. These objects suddenly changed direction and became stationary. Two were disc-shaped, about the size of a quarter, and one was cigar-shaped, about the size of a dime or less. All three gave off smokes or any vapor trail, appeared to be highly illuminated, and seemed to be surrounded by a haze. They were clearly visible for about a quarter of an hour and then disappeared. It was daytime and the sky was clear. The three objects seemed to be at the same approximate altitude and distance, neither coming closer nor moving farther away during the sighting.

The witness, Mrs. R.V. Ludingsley, who saw them with her husband, is familiar to report such sightings. It is similar to one or major, depending on your point of view, with some exceptions: the objects were traveling very slowly (a little faster than a crawl) and silently moved about for 15 minutes before departing. Dr. the "other side of the fence" are the observers who believe the objects were extraterrestrial.

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

III. UFOFF'S CONCLUSION:

The conclusion of civilian UFO Research regarding the three objects seen over Dubuque, Iowa, on March 4, 1950 is as follows:

The greater amount of data tends to show that the objects were three aircraft which were not fully out of the possibility that the objects were military aircraft of unknown origin, purpose, or destination.

We wish to emphasize the following points:

(A) Civilian UFO Research insists that four months are too primary criteria to provide a final conclusion, and in this interval additional research is needed on the following primary criteria:

Aircraft companies manufacturing jet transports for Civilian and military use in 1950 are on file, and an attempt will be made to determine if any aircraft of this type were in flight in the Dubuque area on March 4, 1950. 

Ability of training flights that could account for the sightings will also be investigated.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

(B) The very nature of the observations rules out celestial of subterranean origin (stars, meteors, etc.).
(C) The nature of the sighting also rules out "light phenomena" such as balloons, birds, etc.
(D) The direction of the objects' flight compared with wind directions as the time excludes balloons from being considered as the correct identification.
(E) The rather widely separated points of observation rules out "psychologic aberrations".
(F) The character of the witnesses discounts the possibility of a hoax.

IV. Arguments for Unidentifiable Objects (UFOs):

Charles Morris is a commercial pilot and has logged 5,000 hours in 14 years of commercial flying. He is familiar with aircraft of most types. He apparently saw the objects at rather close range. He told Ralph Ingersol, writer for the Dubuque Telegraph-Herald, that he saw them distinctly as they passed over his ship. They looked like "very large glittering objects." He was seeing them from the side, and they looked "very large certainly larger than anything I've ever seen in the sky."

"They couldn't have been jets; they weren't fast enough, for one thing - a jet would have been gone before I could get a good look at them. True, as jet probably would have disappeared that fast, but these objects were only moving at a moderate rate of speed - perhaps 200-250 above the haze." (From Dubuque Telegraph-Herald, March 6, 1950, p.8)

This sighting lends support in the fact that, the check with Traux AFB, Madison, Wisconsin, by the Telegraph-Herald indicates, the objects had not been reported in the area, because as far as we can tell from that page, those objects had not been reported in the area. This suggests that these sightings were genuine, unexplained Unidentified Flying Objects.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Quoting the text from the document:

"(A) Robert Hoffman, Airport Manager, Dubuque Municipal Airport: 'I have checked and no aircraft in the area at the time specified.'

(B) Michael Gladish, Public Relations, Boeing Airplane Company: 'Our ground observer program has checked most carefully. There is no record of any formation of three or more aircraft over there on March 4, 1950. Our jets are not scheduled for night flights ever and we have no record of any 707 formation flights over that area during the time in question.'

(C) G.W. Graves, Convair Division, General Dynamics Corp.: 'As far as we know, there were no Convair aircraft in the town of Dubuque, Iowa on March 4, 1950. Our best aircraft here in San Diego have delivered a few B-36's to Dakota Air Lines, but they are all accounted for.'

(D) A letter to Douglas Aircraft Company is, as yet, unanswered.

In closing, let us say that one cannot simply discount the opinions of a trained pilot and chief intelligence officer who feels that the objects were not aircraft, for experience shows that there were no aircraft."

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:

VI. CONCLUSIONS OF APPROXIMATE:

The several sets of measurements that cannot be disregarded, nor treated lightly with a shrug, are numerous, accurately made, and mutually consistent, even when different instruments were employed. They indicate an apparent object of considerable size, say one nearly a hundred feet in diameter, some approximately 10,000 feet high, with the measured apparent speed and angular velocity commensurate. This is not small potatoes, and there is no way that we can dismiss it and say small astronomical or meteorlogical effects as mentioned before could account for it.

There is some discrepancy in time as between Mr. Herrin's 5:55 p.m. observation however, it is not believed that this is a major point, since they are estimated times about 6:00 p.m.

VII. CLOSING COMMENTS:

Now, perhaps, it is apparent why our investigation has jumped back and forth, data and information seem singly but curiously valid yet many be minutes.

Your director cannot help but wonder why the Air Force officials still think investigation evidence "insufficient evidence" (to quote Air Force, COMGENENAL's corresponding with CUFOS, 6 July 1950), when so far as we can tell, the same realy does exist, and to the same degree as to what CUFOS original report claims. Perhaps some additional details within the same readily give an or a possible identification, we do not say that the object sightings were in error, but the evidence at hand seems in strong.

There is one slim possibility that must be considered, depending of course on the Allowances supporting Nr. Morris and Mrs Ludovisy say these UFOs at low altitudes supporting many years, this perhaps, by way of a partial answer. We, Noale is not too familiar with angular elevations and rate of travel may, perhaps, by way of a partial explanation. Any additional information, comments or suggestions that a reader might have would be appreciated.

In closing, your director would like to extend his thanks to all those names appear in this report for the help they have given in this inquiry. A special thanks goes to CUFOS, Dly Walker, who furnished this original manuscript, and to Spencer, Iowa who furnished the original documents to make this particular sighting.

- - - END OF REPORT - - -

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

ATTN OP: APSIN-4FJA
ATTN: 19 APRIL 1960

SUBJECT: UFO FILM

TO: AFCIN-4E2 (Col. R.R. Sleeper)

1. Analysis of the film revealed nothing of an unusual nature nor anything such as described by Mr. _ in his letter dated April 3, 1960.

2. It is suggested that Mr. _ recheck his film and indicate which frames contain the three objects he refers to in his letter.

WALTER PRICE, JR.
CHIEF, AFCIN-4FJA

ATCH:
1. Roll 8mm film
2. Cv ltr 3 Apr 60 fr

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document with text describing an incident involving UFO sightings.

FLYING OBJECTS FILMED BY PILOT
DUBUQUE, IOWA, MARCH 8 - (AP) was 8,000 feet up, about milles, he saw say 10:50 P.M. objects that appeared to be moving from west to east, he says he saw two of the objects gliding rapidly as though under control. Objects closed in slightly, then moved apart and continued on their way. Charles Morris, 21, said he was watching a picture and the objects gliding moved fast and rapidly, were shaped like saucers, and their edges were hazy or blurred.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten text.

Using optical character recognition (OCR), the text in the document can be extracted as follows:

Major William H. Coleman
Deleatson or the Deputy Force
Office of the Secretary
Public Information Division
Washington 25, D.C.

DEAR Major Coleman,

Thank you for your letter and the press release of August 28.

I was wondering if your office knew about a film by the name of "Unidentified Flying Object" which was shown at the Dubuque, Iowa Chamber of Commerce on August 19, 1961 more than a month ago. According to the story we received, a Dubuque businessman spotted three strange objects at dusk near Epworth, Iowa, about 20,000 feet up. He took the film which was about 320 feet long. 

In the news release that you sent me, it said that Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University acted as Scientific Consultant to the Air Force. From the story we received, it seems he had never even seen the film. In his reply, he said that he had never seen the film. "If it will be shown to me, I will be anxious to look at it," he said.

We are asking you for any information you can give us about this film where it is, and why wasn't your scientific consultant allowed to look at it. The film, if it exists and was taken by witnesses, seems to me to make up a pretty good report.

Sincerely yours,

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

Dear Mr. ------,

I have received your letter of September 6th concerning an item which will shortly be forwarded to you. 

In answer to your questions: 1) We do not know where such data for the sighting you requested has been maintained. This would require the individual who earlier had received this information to determine where it has been retained.

Our position is the same as that of Dr. Lynch. We would be more anxious to see this film.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM B. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
Chief, Project officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only text. Proceeding to the OCR output:

Location: Dubuque, Iowa
Date: 14 March 1950
Time: 17:25
Witnesses: 2 persons, 2 plus 14 days, 43 25 m.p. wide 54 m. long
Description: Elliptical size or a square. They were bright like a star, first seen in the East, traveling at approx. 200 MPH as a distance of about 5 miles, 2x they disappeared they seemed to be climbing slightly, seen for about 4 minutes
Direction of Motion: SSW to NNE
Satellite: (ASGIN-18), Phone 69219, Initial
Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc): Ruled out
Radar Analysis (ASGIN-181): None
Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc): Ruled out
Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc.: Ruled out
Evaluation of Source Reliability:
Analysis and Conclusions: The strip of film was given a thorough examination, and nothing of an unusual nature, nor anything such as described by the witness, could be seen in any of the frames. A check was made to determine the possibility of the objects being known stars and there was none in the area at this time. The elliptical location was normal for a sighting of this type and a natural explanation is indicated. The temperature was a cold 14 degrees with a 14 knot wind.

- page 16 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

The text on the page is as follows:

Correspondence with [redacted] regarding sighting

1. Observation Data
2. Photos
3. Photo Analysis
4. Return of Photos

B Aircraft Investigative Data
C Weather Data
D [redacted] Report and Letter

- page 17 -

The image contains a diagram showing the objects that the witness observed. The diagram depicts three circular objects hovering above a river labeled "Mississippi River". The text in the image also describes the witness's account of the sighting, including details about the size, shape, and movement of the objects.

Major Robert Friend
Aerospace Technological Intelligence Center
Right-Research  Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major Friend:

Under separate cover I am sending you the film and find that I took this past
of file interview mentioning minutes into which I previously thought I had taken.

On Friday March 6, 1960 at approximately 8:55 P.M. my wife and I at our home
were watching a few aircraft fly overhead when suddenly I noticed what appeared
to be three bright objects maneuvering, and as they disappeared, we started to
be excited very slightly.

The objects were about the size of a quarter's approximately 2.0 miles distant
and moving at a considerably high rate of speed, approximately 2.5 or 3 miles
an minute. We were about five miles from the objects so I estimate they were
about 25 degrees above the horizon.

The objects did not give off smoke or any vapor trail, they appeared solid,
bright and did not appear to be aircraft, birds or anything else we are familiar
with. The objects were sharply defined and were three of them.

Below is a diagram of the objects that we saw.

[Diagram of three circular objects above river]

Sincerely,

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

AFCIN-4b2
Request for Photo Analysis 13 April 1950

1. The attached 8mm film is forwarded to your office for analysis.
2. Attached is a copy of the UFO report as a possible aid in your analysis of the film.

RICHARD H. CROOP
Colonel, USAF
AFCIN-4b2

- page 19 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document from the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center of the United States Air Force, dated April 27, 1956.

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
ATT'N OF:  APRCN-1322

SUBJECT: UFO REPORT AND FILM

TO: SAPCO-3A (Mr. J. Tucker)

1. Attached is the short strip of 35mm film and a copy of the letter sent to you earlier.

2. The film was given a thorough examination, and nothing of an unusual nature, for anything such as described by [redacted], could be seen in any of the frames.

FOR THE COMMANDER:
[Signature]
PHILIP G. EVANS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

- page 20 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

16 May 1960

Dear Sir:

This is to acknowledge your letter of 3 April 1960 and the film received under separate cover which you believe contained evidence of an unidentified flying object.

We have examined the film thoroughly and compared it with the usual nature and motion of known aircraft. From this analysis, we are not able to substantiate the film as evidence of an unusual aerial object.

The film is being returned to you herewith.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE R. TACKER
Major, USAF
Project Blue Book Division
Office of Information

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be the text portion of a Project Blue Book document, which is an official file copy.

OCR text output:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

AFCIN-HCXR
Request for Information 

SAC, OMAHA AFB, NEBRASKA

1. The inclosed report has been received as a source concerning the probability or possibility of FOG aircraft flying in the vicinity and area. CAA and OSAFT will be notified of any further information relating to this flight.

2. In connection with the Flight of SAC aircraft, it is a policy to notify this headquarters of any flights or landings in your area. AFSC desires to maintain a record of such flights and movements within the Air Defense region. The attached form 51 which was also sent in reference to the flight on 4 March 1960. Contact was also made with the tower and AO at Offutt AFB regarding this flight.

FOR THE COMMANDER

PHILIP G. EVANS 
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

COORDINATES:
AFCIN-HCXR        Date 30 May 60 
AFCIN-HCXR        Date 21 May 60

- page 22 -

