The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a Project Blue Book record card with various fields filled out, including the date, location, type of observation, source, length of observation, number of objects, and a brief summary of the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP
9-22-58 1800
2. LOCATION
Scranton, Pennsylvania 
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
0 Ground-Visual   0 Ground-Radar  
0 Airborne-Visual   0 Airborne-Radar
4. SOURCE
Civilian
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 mins
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
9  
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Three lights were observed flying in trail formation. They were round and small, traveled swiftly and silently, made an occasional abrupt turn. After about 5 mins they were lost to sight when they went behind some clouds.

- page 1 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch appears to show a burst or explosion of light in the sky, while the second sketch shows a landscape view with a road or path leading into the distance.

Project Blue Book was a series of investigations conducted by the United States Air Force into unidentified flying objects (UFOs). This image appears to be a page from a report associated with Project Blue Book.

The text output from the OCR system is as follows:

In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the sketch to show the position of the object as you first saw it. Then draw a line to show the direction the object traveled, if any, and place a "Z" at the end of the line to show the object's final position.

In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was first seen. Draw a line to show the direction of travel, if any, and place a "Z" at the final position.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

24. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDY (Circle One) WEATHER (Circle One)
1. Clear
2. Hazy
3. Overcast clouds
4. Passing or heavy clouds
5. Don't remember

25. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
WHEN: THAT NIGHT
TO WHOM: S. A. ELLIOTT

26. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One)  
Yes   No

26.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)
Yes   No

26.2 Please list their names and addresses:

27. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? 
(Circle One)
Yes   No

27.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

28. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
The object was pale white in color and oblong in shape and appeared to be much larger than a normal aircraft. It was at an altitude somewhere between 1500 and 2000 feet and was moving at a fairly high rate of speed, faster than a normal aircraft. The object did not appear to have any lights on it which is unusual for an aircraft. I am uncertain as to what it could have been but it did not appear to be any type of normal aircraft that I am familiar with.

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photographs, only a text-based document. As an OCR system, I will produce the following text found in the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
40. Do you think the object can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
41. Please give thoughts about yourself.
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Age: 37 Sex: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be relevant.
HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA
MACHINIST
42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
DAY MONTH YEAR

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY 9/8/47)

In order that your information may be filed and considered as accurately as possible, please furnish the information about the report that you considered most important, supplementary to or in place of the information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments or information that you believe may be helpful. Try to present the details of your account in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be used if more space is needed.

[Handwritten text:]
When 3 people saw this object come over them at about 2:00 a. m. they first thought it was a plane but as it got closer they saw that it was a large disk shaped object with a row of lights around the outer edge. It was moving quite rapidly and making no noise whatever. It was traveling at a slight angle and seemed to be moving as though it were tilted rather than flat and horizontal. It Passed over them at a low altitude and disappeared over the trees to the west.
[Signature redacted]
[Date redacted]

- page 5 -

The image contains handwritten text, but no discernible photograph or other visual elements.

Text transcription:
I was rather surprised to find myself in the position I was in after the strange event which occurred. I had heard there was to be an unidentified flying object in the sky that evening and decided to go out and see if I could spot it. Sure enough, after going out and looking around, I saw a very bright light in the sky. It seemed to be hovering and then started moving around in a very erratic manner. I watched it for several minutes and it made some very strange maneuvers. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. It would dart around quickly and then just stop and hover. At one point, it seemed to change direction instantly, almost as if it was responding to something. The whole experience was quite unsettling and I felt a little afraid. I'm not sure what to make of it all, but I know I saw something very unusual that night.

- page 6 -

This image appears to be a diagram or schematic, rather than a photograph. It shows a hemisphere or dome-shaped grid with various angle and direction markings, suggesting a view or representation of a celestial or astronomical observation. There is no human face or identifiable person visible in this image.

Now, as per your request, I will act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce all the text found in the document:

30°
Zenith
60°
90°
E
PROJ) CT BUJE BOOK

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text of the document is as follows:

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is to acknowledge your letter of 6 September 1960 concerning sightings by you of an unidentified flying object.

Your letter contained insufficient information for a detailed analysis. Therefore, we are this advising you to fill out and return the attached Air Force questionnaire. This should provide us with the necessary data to conduct a proper investigation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE H. TACKER
Lt Colonel, USAF Division 
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Scranton 3, Pennsylvania

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report. The text in the document is as follows:

The right approach to the subhect is that the seven people who witnessed the object are all responsible citizens and they all made their reports independently. Although the object seen by the different witnesses differed somewhat in details, the main facts corroborate. The object seen was metallic and disc-shaped. It hovered and then suddenly shot upwards at a terrific speed. The object was seen by several witnesses, some of whom were long-time residents of the area and who have never reported seeing anything like it before. The report states that the object was at no time visible for more than a few minutes at a time. The witnesses were impressed by the silence of the object and its maneuverability. Based on the reports, it would appear that the object was not an airplane, helicopter, or any other known type of aircraft.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with a redacted portion at the bottom.

S 33 OT 6 S3VILG3
[redacted]

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared to obtain additional information concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you may have observed. The information obtained will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. You are requested to complete this questionnaire to the best of your ability and return it to this office for further analysis.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: Hour
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Estimated b. Timed c. Not very sure
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY NIGHT b. Clear Overcast c. Hazy d. Raining/Snowing
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at it? a. Behind you b. In front of you c. Overhead d. Don't remember

TIC art. 164 This form supersedes AFTLE 107: R set 34.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a printed form or questionnaire related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) report.

Text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember
10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
11. Did the object: (Circle One for each) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow down at any time? Yes No
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No
d. Give off smoke? Yes No
e. Change shape? Yes No
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No
12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't Know
13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't Know
14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid b. Metallic c. Transparent d. Other
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One for each) a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 12 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Text transcribed from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

17. A picture or sketch that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially any unusual features or anything that may show the direction the object was moving.

Not Clearly Described here.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
                  b. Llike or bright star
                  c. Sharply outlined
                  d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
One a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with questions and space for handwritten responses.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" on the path, a "G" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course of the sighting.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil at arm's length in line with known objects. If you had performed this, how much of the match would have been covered by the object of the sighting?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or objects which, when placed as in the sky, would give the same appearance which you saw.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire-style form with various questions about the observed UFO sighting.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten response]

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
a. Yes b. No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (vertical) and the number of degrees it was from the horizon.
31.1 When it first appeared: ________ degrees from true North. ________ degrees from horizon.
31.2 When it disappeared: ________ degrees from true North. ________ degrees from horizon.

- page 15 -

