The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

DATE: 29 AUG 60
LOCATION: West Roxbury, Massachusetts
CASE: 0309
SHAPE: Oval
COLOR: White
3. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 SEC
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: One bright oval object with appearance of light yellow color moved in oval pattern. Blurred shape.
12. CONCLUSIONS: It is the opinion of the investigator that the witness probably saw a meteor.
11. COMMENTS: This is the only new a meteor.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

REPORT FORM FOR ATTER OBSERVATION
INFORMATION MARKED * IS VITAL

* Place of Observation: West Roxbury, Mass.
* Date: August 29, 1960
* Time: 11:05 P.M. (2130 Close Standard and Daylight Saving Time)

* Accuracy of time given above: Give and take a few either way. (not sure)
(i.e., "estimate" or "accurate to" within 1 minute if possible)

* Brightness (compared to stars, planets, moon or other familiar standard source such as a street light): A standard source more like a full moon to comparison to a star. Direction in which object was first seen: (E54°, 14°, 33°34´?)
Traveling in a south westerly direction.

* Length or size of object was seen: Approx 30 seconds.
* Apparent direction in which object traveled: (N54°, 14°, 216°42´?)
Traveling north west to south west.

Did it change direction? No.

* General impression of irregular speed: It just looked as if it was traveling in a overall pattern but didn't seem to be pulsing or accelerating or decelerating. Just look as if it was traveling in an overall pattern. It wasn't traveling erratically. That is, a blur look like a normal head of missile or fire.

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph of a piece of paper with the text "Flying Object Checked by Smithsonian" written on it. There is no other photograph or image visible in the document.

Flying Object Checked by Smithsonian
According to the text on the paper, a flying object was checked by the Smithsonian. The text provides some details about the object, but does not include any additional information.

- page 3 -

The image contains no photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Color: Fire color
Did it explode, disintegrate, or suddenly vanish?
More suddenly vanish
Any trail or trail? No.
Did any sound accompany the object? No.
If sound followed later, give time interval: No.
Was it observed with binoculars or telescope or photographed?
Just as visual
Tolerable position of trajectory for at least two violets with regard to distance and general direction. The scene wasn't very visible although they could be seen in some parts of the sky.
Any other remarks:
Name: [REDACTED]
Address: West Roxbury, Mass.
Date: Sept 1, 1960

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

September 13, 1960
Mr. [Redacted]
West Roxbury, Massachusetts
Dear Mr. [Redacted],
We have not been able to determine the nature of your recent observation, and are therefore forwarding your report to:
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Any further correspondence regarding this matter should be sent directly to them.
Thank you for your time and interest.
Respectfully,
[Redacted]
Public Information

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

September 28, 1960

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Ohio

To whom it may concern:

Recently I received a letter from the Smithsonian Institution requesting information regarding a UFO incident which I saw in the West Roxbury, Massachusetts area.

This matter is of great importance to me because it has bothered me since the object was sighted and passed the information on to other people. I would like to see if there is any ordinary explanation to it.

If there is any ordinary objection I have discussed,  I would like to know about it, please address any information to: [redacted]
West Roxbury, Massachusetts

Respectfully,
[redacted]

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, specifically a letter regarding an unidentified flying object observation.

14 October 1960

Dear Mr. [redacted],

The report of an unidentified flying object you gave to the 8th District Air Force Base, McGuire Air Force Base, is scheduled for analysis and/or evaluation. 

It is a matter of the Aero-Space Technical Intelligence Center that you probably observed a meteor. The absence of a trail indicates that this is more likely to have been a meteor or a small satellite, and the multiple illumination spots left are faint and can only be seen with an optical aid. Further, the motion was smooth and did not very possibly and may not denture look.

It is improbable that you saw the flame from a jet aircraft, first because this flame is not produced by blue, and second, it would not be very bright from the 500 vantage point enjoyed by you in viewing this phenomenon.

You also included a newspaper article concerning the objects described in your letter. While this case was open, but in view of the above information, it was considered that the high flying jet aircraft.

Sincerely,
LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

APIN-12-x 

UFO Sighting (Witness) 

APOI-3d (L/Col Tacker)

1. A resident of West Roxbury, Massachusetts reported an UFO sighting to the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, which was referred to ATIC by the agency. 

2. A bright object was sighted at 2355, 29 August 1960, which was described as being round and glowing from the interior to the exterior. The object was further described as appearing like the head of a missile on fire. The observation took place at West Roxbury, Massachusetts. 

3. It is the ATIC conclusion that this was probably observed as a meteor. The sighting is not considered to provide any data which would be of significant technical value.

4. It is improbable that the flame seen was from a jet aircraft because this flame is consistently blue and should not be very bright from the JC vantage point enjoyed by the witness. 

5. The witness was interviewed by newspaper reporters about the sighting. He said the object he saw was just like the ones described in the newspapers as "flying saucers". He is of the opinion that these objects are probably high flying jet aircraft.

6. Suggest you inform Mr Hess of the ADIC conclusions. The address of the witness is:

West Roxbury, Massachusetts

FOR THE COMMANDER: 
HELP G. EVANS
Second Lieutenant, USAF
Student Officer, Crews and Components

- page 8 -

