The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 29 January, 1960
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: 0159Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
[] Ground-Visual
[ ] Ground-Radar
[ ] Air-Visual
[ ] Air-Intercept Radar
5. PHOTOS: [] Yes [] No
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 min.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Una
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Apparent missile or rocket approximately one mile long and 20 feet in diameter passed over Poitiers, France, with a vertical SouthEast to NorthWest tracking, 300 deg. moving 55 to 60' per second, propulsion flame stopped almost overhead.
11. COMMENTS: Had looked to be F-100 or F-101 in climb with after-burner by Major Gossett at Remathelie Camp (Officer who made the report). He was unable to contact either Air Force or Civil Air Patrol.

- page 1 -

This document appears to be a military report and does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will now output the text found in the document:

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

REPLY TO
AFOIN-4X2/Captain McNeil/59117

SUBJECT: Extract from ATIC Duty Officers Report

29 January 1960

TO: AFOIN-42 (Major Friend)

Following is an extract from ATIC Duty Officer, I/Lt. O. E. Hayes,
report dated 22 Jan 60 for your information:

2350 - Received UFO conference telephone call from Major Gypstr of
the Air Force Security Command Post. Received report from Andrews
Airways (operator at Tainey Tower) as Charlie Torre message.
STATED 2107/Z - UFOS WERE OBSERVED DESCENDING WITH APPROXIMATE 1/2 MILE
SPREAD OVER POITERES, FRANCE. CURRENTLY HOVERING AT APPROXIMATELY 1000 FEET.
FAST OF POPPS INDIA BEACON FRANCE AT 03282 HEADING EAST PAST
LOS APPROXIMATELY 3009 MOVING ESE TO ENW APPARENLY ASCENDING.
FORMULATION BEING SCRAPPED AIRCRAFT OVERHEAD.

2407 - Telephoned (Major 330-45). Called Maj. Friend. He requested
him and 4:5 be given a special of message that: this in the
morning.

2435 - Returned with messages - Guard said Poppa India Beacon is in
Poppa Brazil.

0145 - Another conference call with Major Gypstr. He reports that
HATS airlines making UFO report was actually above not-ferlorn.
France and according to MAJOR GYPSTR's guess probably saw
an F100 or F101. Claim to all lights and then affirmative
"They are not ours". Several lights observed and identified
as 3133 aircraft 7453W at 02332E. Our Dispatch says Duty
Officer says ships are our own including VASP Carrier.

JOHN E. McNEILL
Captain, USAF
AFOIN-4X2

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a celestial calendar for the year 1960 and a detailed description of the winter constellations that will be visible during early morning hours.

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER FOR DECEMBER 26, 1959

ASTRONOMY

Winter Constellations Brilliant

Celestial calendar for 1960 holds many interesting events, while Venus and Jupiter shine brightly in early morning.

By JAMES STOKLEY

Dr. JOSEPH ASHBROOK of the Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles tells us that we will have to get up early in the mornings if we want to see some of the celestial events that will take place during 1960. 

The planet Venus, for example, will be exceedingly bright - the second brightest object in the sky after the moon. It will be shining close to Jupiter, and the pair will make a striking sight during the opening of the year. 

On January 9, Venus and Jupiter will appear to be only about one-half degree apart - that is, the apparent diameter of the full moon - and this will be the closest approach of the two planets all year.

Also in the nighttime sky, the brilliant constellations of winter are shining, as depicted in the accompanying diagram. These include such familiar groupings as Orion, Gemini, and Taurus (the Bull). These are among the finest star groups to be seen any time during the year.

Most conspicuous of these star groups is the great Orion, high in the south at nightfall. Orion, with its striking pattern of three stars in a row, called the Belt, Betelgeuse, a red giant at one shoulder, and Rigel, a blue-white star at the opposite shoulder, is one of the best known of all constellations.

Below Orion is the mighty Canis Major, the Greater Dog. Here we see the brightest star of the entire heavens, Sirius, the Dog Star, shining with a brilliant white light.

Off to the left of Orion is Taurus, the Bull. In the forehead of the Bull we see the beautiful Pleiades star cluster - one of the finest and most famous in the whole sky.

Continuing in an arc from Orion toward the east, we come to the twins Castor and Pollux in Gemini, the Twins. And high overhead is another striking winter scene - the brilliant stars of Auriga, the Charioteer, including the brilliant yellowish star Capella.

Coming back to the west, we see perhaps the most beautiful sight of all - the great red giant star Aldebaran, in the eye of the Bull. Aldebaran rides high in the south as evening falls.

Throughout January with its first quarter on the 6th, at 1:54 p.m., E.S.T. (12:54 p.m. for Pacific standard time), full moon coming on Jan. 14, at 10:01 p.m., E.S.T. (7:01 p.m. P.S.T.), last quarter on the 21st, at 1:16 a.m. E.S.T. (10:16 p.m., 20th, P.S.T.), and new moon on Jan. 29, the beautiful star groups depicted in the diagram will be high and glorious in the evening sky. And, in the early morning, brilliant Venus and Jupiter will continue shining, with their closest approach coming on Jan. 9, at 262,000 miles.

OCR Output:

ASTRONOMY

Winter Constellations Brilliant

Celestial calendar for 1960 holds many interesting events, while Venus and Jupiter shine brightly in early morning.

By JAMES STOKLEY

Dr. JOSEPH ASHBROOK of the Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles tells us that we will have to get up early in the mornings if we want to see some of the celestial events that will take place during 1960. 

The planet Venus, for example, will be exceedingly bright - the second brightest object in the sky after the moon. It will be shining close to Jupiter, and the pair will make a striking sight during the opening of the year. 

On January 9, Venus and Jupiter will appear to be only about one-half degree apart - that is, the apparent diameter of the full moon - and this will be the closest approach of the two planets all year.

Also in the nighttime sky, the brilliant constellations of winter are shining, as depicted in the accompanying diagram. These include such familiar groupings as Orion, Gemini, and Taurus (the Bull). These are among the finest star groups to be seen any time during the year.

Most conspicuous of these star groups is the great Orion, high in the south at nightfall. Orion, with its striking pattern of three stars in a row, called the Belt, Betelgeuse, a red giant at one shoulder, and Rigel, a blue-white star at the opposite shoulder, is one of the best known of all constellations.

Below Orion is the mighty Canis Major, the Greater Dog. Here we see the brightest star of the entire heavens, Sirius, the Dog Star, shining with a brilliant white light.

Off to the left of Orion is Taurus, the Bull. In the forehead of the Bull we see the beautiful Pleiades star cluster - one of the finest and most famous in the whole sky.

Continuing in an arc from Orion toward the east, we come to the twins Castor and Pollux in Gemini, the Twins. And high overhead is another striking winter scene - the brilliant stars of Auriga, the Charioteer, including the brilliant yellowish star Capella.

Coming back to the west, we see perhaps the most beautiful sight of all - the great red giant star Aldebaran, in the eye of the Bull. Aldebaran rides high in the south as evening falls.

Throughout January with its first quarter on the 6th, at 1:54 p.m., E.S.T. (12:54 p.m. for Pacific standard time), full moon coming on Jan. 14, at 10:01 p.m., E.S.T. (7:01 p.m. P.S.T.), last quarter on the 21st, at 1:16 a.m. E.S.T. (10:16 p.m., 20th, P.S.T.), and new moon on Jan. 29, the beautiful star groups depicted in the diagram will be high and glorious in the evening sky. And, in the early morning, brilliant Venus and Jupiter will continue shining, with their closest approach coming on Jan. 9, at 262,000 miles.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The image appears to be a page from a scientific publication, featuring text on various topics related to public health, including forecasting isotope problems, relating growth to tumors, and using computers for baseball.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

SCIENCE NEWS LETTER for December 26, 1959

PUBLIC HEALTH

Foretells Isotope Problems
WHEN radioactive isotopes are used for industrial and other purposes, scientists must sharply distinguish between isotopes, or radioactive forms of elements, that are potentially harmful and those that are not, the conference on "The Disposal of Radioactive Waste," organized jointly by the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission and the Medical Radiological Institute, was told. The isotope problem, according to a specialist, Dr. A. W. Klement of the Du Pont Co., is that the disposal problem need arise if the isotopes used is one which was introduced in a routine manner for a specific purpose. For example, I-131, said, can be returned after a few half lives, in order to be stored. But the problem is complicated since the process of re-radiation can be repeated time and time again, radioactive decay continues until practically never continue a waste.

SCIENCE

Relate Growth to Tumors
IT IS NOT how fat the mice are, but how well-developed their bones and muscles are that appears to be related to lung tumors in mice, scientists have found. Evidence is a "significant relationship" between body size, muscle weight and bone length, the researchers at the National Institutes of Health say. This relationship may exist between human body types and certain types of cancer, they suggest. But scientists are generally highly susceptible to pulmonary tumors, while the other mammal has a much lower rate.

W. E. Heston obtained offspring with both characteristics. In his study all of the mice of the non-obese line had almost twice as many spontaneous tumors as the obese mice. The other researchers showed "women must likely to develop breast tumors are those associated with a more rapid development toward obesity rather than the very obese women." Dr. Vita Hatsell and Herman suggest studies already indicate "women most likely to develop breast cancer are those associated with a more rapid development toward obesity, rather than the very obese women."

SCIENCE RESEARCH

Computers for Baseball
AN ELECTRONIC COMPUTER has been used to decide whether, a sacrifice, stolen base or intentional walk is the best baseball strategy, given specific "hitting" and "fielding" conditions. A research report on the use of computers in baseball strategy was presented at the University of California at Los Angeles to the Operation Research Society. America's teams, most of which are using computers to make decisions on player selection, salaries and strategy, have been instructed how to "play" individual innings using a computer program. This represents a major league lineup form the starting pitcher. Fielding conditions are made how a computor can reach a decision on selecting each of 15 possible plays. Individual innings are then "played" by the computor, using random numbers to select the plays.

Science News Letter, December 26, 1959

- page 4 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a typed document with text describing a UFO sighting.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

NEBRASKA AND NEVADA BSL
CAMPS JC BRIGHT SPEEDY LIGHT
3 JANUARY 1960
OMAHA, NEBRASKA
10 p.m.: Clare Fenner of Omaha, Nebraska and his wife observed a brilliant light over their home for several minutes, leaving a very trail behind it. The object, ie estimated to height as 10,000 feet. Its trajectory was fast, he said.

- page 5 -

