The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report. It contains a "PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD" that provides details about a UFO sighting that occurred in Aquadilla, Puerto Rico on 17 Dec 60. The record card includes information such as the location, type of observation, source, length of observation, number of objects, course, and conclusions about the sighting. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 17 Dec 60
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1630L
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
Ground-Radar
D Air Visual
C. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 mins
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: ONE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 
Object appeared to be hovering or moving very slowly and not answering. Characteristic of satellite track and not characteristic of aircraft observation.
11. COMMENTS:
Satellite track was established but not positively identified. Characteristic of satellite track and not characteristic of aircraft phenomenon.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE

TITLE 73 ATIC~LB-X

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: SAFOI-34 (l/Col Tacker)

Reference: Letter from Information furnished relating to observation of unidentified flying objects. This letter is being forwarded for your information and appropriate action. It is believed the information contained herein may be of interest to your office.

FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER
JOHN M. ADARJS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Intelligence and Components

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

APCEN-32x
UFO Sighting

SAPOT-3d (I/Sol Tracker)
Reference letter from Aquadilla, P. R. dated 16 December 1960, forwarded to Space track for correlation with known satellites with negative results. ATIG investigations indicate no know satellites or space vehicles in area at time of sighting. When results are known to ATIC, your office will be notified.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

PHILIP G. EVANS
Deputy for Science and Components
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate UFO sightings.

OCR output:

APRIL 25. 2L 
TPU 8 Light time

CAPT J. 3d Lt/32 Traînor)
Reference letter from Aguadilla, P.B. dated 
2 December 1954, This was information pertaining to a sighting of an unidentified flying object made by personnel serving with the United States A r Force in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico. The results of the investigation of this incident 
are known to me, your official will be notified.

WILLIAM H. EVANS
Consultant for Science and Armaments

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter on what appears to be an old document or report.

U.S.A. AIR FORCE Dept.
Washington D.C.

DEAR SIRS:

As requested, I am submitting the following letter in which I give my personal account of an unidentified object that I observed flying over the Aquadilla Airport area, Puerto Rico, on 17 December 1959. 

With regard to the sighting, I have, showing to the same on the different occasions, several unidentified objects that I observed flying at a relatively low altitude over the area. This object appeared to be very luminous and had a constant speed and direction. At first I observed a single object that later appeared to divide into two and then into three which continued to maintain a position relative to each other. All three objects then appeared to recombine into one and continue on in the same easterly direction. I tried to find a common landmark and locate the objects but was unable to do so as the vicinity of the Aquadilla Airport, where the sighting occurred, is rather small with few prominent landmarks that I could use to more accurately determine the locations and altitudes. 

As my eyes and I agreed that the objects did not appear to be conventional aircraft of any type, the description I have given, I believe, is as accurate as I am able to make it from my observations. I trust the information will be of some value to your office.

Very truly yours,

(signature illegible)
Major, USAF

AQUADILLA, PUERTO RICO.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing a UFO sighting.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Appearing very close in the space and a little bit behind a small, elongated object (but it was not a balloon) which moved very fast at a constant speed. I watched it closely and it appeared to me as a rather large, oval-shaped object, white in color, emitting a pale bluish-green glow, no wings or tail fins, and having no visible means of propulsion. It moved with a slight wobbling motion, ascending very smoothly and disappearing into the sky.

In case you could find a bit of time to make an investigation in this matter, I would like to hear from you as soon as possible and let me know the result of your findings.

Yours truly,
[signature redacted]

- page 6 -

