The image does not contain any photographs, only a Project 10073 Record Card with various information fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: ? Jul 60
2. TIME OF SIGHTING: 0230
3. LOCATION: Kettering, Ohio
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 3D Ground Visual
5. PHOTOS: D Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-5 sec
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Ground, bright ball of fire which was red with blue lighting surrounding area. Object disappeared behind a tree.
11. COMMENTS: Description is characteristic of a meteor.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document describing a UFO sighting or incident. The text from the document is as follows:

The visibility or condition of aircraft was in the object of sighting (seen y-16 & x-17 on special map) at this time. Weather conditions were quite clear with small scattered ground fog. Visibility was good with 6-10 miles visibility and the wind was from the N.W. at 10 knot 500', light and variable at 2000'. Calls at the surface. Temperature was 65 D.P. 63, Calm with wind variable at 2.9.97. The time was 0780 2. at 0115 Eastern at 0000 Constitution. AAOS spotted the object and thought it was only 2 miles away. I would have some of the letters scrambled or partly illegible those would be questioned as a possible sighting. The sighting was called to the Ohio State Highway Patrol of the Ohio State Police. At 13 Williams called and reported what it was a possible satellite orbiting but that it was a position sattellite and they would attempt to photograph at that time. Unable to contact - WADD flight test and U.S. weather had no prior knowledge of the sighting.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document page. The page contains handwritten text that appears to be an eyewitness account or report of some kind, but does not include a visual image.

The text in the document states:

"No military or civilian aircraft were in the alleged area. Weather was quite clear with small patches of ground fog. Visibility was good with 6-10 miles visibility and the wind was from the N.W. at 10 knots at 6000'; lights variable at 2000'... Calms at the surface. Temperature was 63°, D.P. 63, Calms with barometer at 29.97. The time was 0700. A constellation craft was sighted at 0115... AAGS reported that a report by Daniel from of AFOSR of Sanford, Ind. corresponded to a great number of reports around 0238 Eastern including the Smithsonian State Police to the time. While flash of 4 sec. duration. A FG Ellison from house was called and stated it was a weather satellite and advised that Kettering Ohio reported observing the same. Unable to contact WADO Flight Test and U.S. Weather Service."

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that witnesses have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2 JULY 1966
2. Time of day: 6:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Kettering Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? 25 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? (Circle One): a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observer's sighting of an unidentified object.

EXTRACTED TEXT:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? brighter than the brightest

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: cloud

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars No Yes
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting report.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Noise
b. Color: Bluish-white, dazzling bright, or pale white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.
No definite shape other than a vaguely bright trail of light that seemed to cover up the surrounding area.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle One: Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, then how many were there? I can't remember exactly how many.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with questions and spaces for handwritten answers.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
The image contains a hand-drawn diagram showing a straight horizontal line with an "A" at the beginning and a "B" at the end, indicating the motion of the object.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
The handwritten answer indicates the object was about 1/3 the size of the match stick used as a reference.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or known length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The handwritten answer mentions that about 1/3 of the object would have been covered by the match head.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The handwritten answer states "It did not disappear".

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
The handwritten answer describes the object as "a ball of light from 10 to 20 feet in diameter, white in color and traveling at a high rate of speed".

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
1960-07-7814484-Kettering-Ohio.pdf8.txt

Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield? 
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Looked east of a house and noticed a strange object in the sky and called a friend to observe it too.

IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Overhead

What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Overhead

If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North 27c degrees.
b. From horizon 15 degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 27c degrees. 
b. From horizon 15 degrees.

- page 8 -

The image contains two sketches, but no photographs.

Sketch 1: This sketch shows an object in the sky above the horizon, with instructions to imagine that the object was first seen at a certain point, and to draw lines to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it, and how high it was when you last saw it.

Sketch 2: This sketch contains two smaller sketches. The larger one shows a road with buildings and trees on either side, and a person standing in the middle of the road. The smaller one shows a road with hills or mountains in the distance.

OCR text output:
32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" or its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a form that contains questions and blank spaces for responses.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
G.2. Day 5 Month I2c3 Yea r reported to Kettering Police at 1230.

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
It hl y monthly and very clear, night I have seen the same type of object more than one time.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Possibly very intelligent and totally mysterious, definitely an UFO and caused by some natural phenomena in the atmosphere.

- page 10 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN WHAT SPEED WOULD YOU ESTIMATE? 2,500 MPH

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN HOW FAR AWAY WOULD YOU SAY IT WAS? ABOUT 10 MILES AWAY AT ITS CLOSEST POINT

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: REDACTED
ADDRESS: REDACTED
TELEPHONE NUMBER: REDACTED
Age: 31   Sex: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 - 3 - 66

- page 11 -

