The image provided does not contain any photographs, only a form or report from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and transcribe all the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
5 July 1960
3. DATE/TIME GROUP
Local 2016
5. PHOTOS
Yes 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 seconds
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Bright light moved across sky to NW. Size of quarter. Moved through 1/5th of sky in 5-7 seconds.

2. LOCATION
Hawthorne, New Jersey
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
6. SOURCE
Civilian
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
11. COMMENTS:
Location, time and description indicate meteor observation.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Possibly Balloon
Possibly Aircraft
Possibly Astronomical - Meteor
Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Dear Sir:

The document appears to be a letter describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The letter mentions that the object was visible for approximately 25-30 seconds and was at an approximate altitude of 25,000 feet. The letter states that the object appeared to be moving at a very high speed and that it was witnessed by a number of people. The letter also mentions that the object was observed to suddenly increase in speed and disappear from view.

The letter is signed by an individual from Hawthorne, New Jersey.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

26 July 1960

Dear [redacted],

This is to acknowledge your letter of 3 July regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object by you and your friends. Your letter contains insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, I request that you and your friends complete the enclosed Air Force Questionnaires in regard to the sighting and forward the completed papers to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

[Redacted]
Hawthorne, New Jersey

Comeback GI-34
Header GI-1

- page 3 -

