The provided image does not contain any photographs or visual content. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card, which is a document used to record details about a UFO sighting observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 2-5-60, 6:55 P.M. 
2. LOCATION: Paulding, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2-5-60, 6:55 P.M.
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: a. Ground-Visual, b. Air-Visual
5. PHOTOS: 3-56-102
6. WITNESS(ES): Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-5 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: Observed in Eastern sky.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: One bright light observed in Eastern sky. Brilliant as magnesium. Changed color from white to orange, then to red. Object descended and ascended in erratic paths. Observed by two witnesses. Observed in low sky on last observation.
11. COMMENTS: Request for questionnaire to be filled out, however they were not returned. The object in the sky is concluded to be one of the following: 1) Star, 2) Planet, 3) Satellite. The planet was in the general location indicated, and the color changes were probably due to the atmosphere. The unusual motion was probably due to the witness' angle of observation.

This text appears to be a transcription of the information contained in the Project 10073 Record Card shown in the image.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcription of the text:

October 3, 1960
Paulding, Ohio

To whom it may concern:

This sighting was reported
this phenomena as one of the most
vivid that I have ever seen.

Sunday evening, October 2
Quite by chance, I arrived at a
many brilliant stars in the
Eastern sky. As I walked out
to look at it as per usual
This was quite spectacular, it
was over soon. The distance
and it as a pale cream color.
Thursday evening, October 3, yet
by circuitbut I could not
see it.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text.

Angelis, when leaving about 1030 pm. Oct. 15, observed a bright light in the north moving east and west. It would stop and move again. About 9:30 pm. It seemed directly overhead and very bright. Could not distinguish any shape. It disappeared in the eastern sky in just a few seconds. Weather was clear.
Dexter Jr. attending any from
26 Maskelyne Road
Carrerean, England
An inquiry is reguested - Air Force Sargent. He confirmed that this incident was strange is strange in -

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Electronic Forces Tactical Control
miles from Montpelier We call
at the attention of Sheriff
Paulding County, (address deleted)
Can we deliver report
Do there any apparent anomalies?
It would appreciate your
filling any out we send Don't this
Thank you for your time.

Paulding, Ohio
P.A.??

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed letter from the Office of Information regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) report from Paulding, Ohio.

Dear Mr. ***,

This letter acknowledges your letter of 8 October 1960 concerning certain information of 7 October relating to an unidentified flying object. Your letter contained insufficient information for a valid conclusion. However, we are aware that you and others saw the object of which you complained. A physical examination of the immediate area by the United States Air Force on 8 October revealed nothing to substantiate the report.

From the limited information contained in your letter, it is not possible to determine with any certainty whether the object you observed was of an extraterrestrial origin. The subject has been studied and given appropriate consideration by the General Condition of the United States Air Force, and the matter is now closed as far as you are concerned. In the absence of more tangible evidence, there is little further that can be done.

Would you please make an additional attempt to view the object and to obtain photographs to be forwarded with the questionnaire?

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER 
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting (Fire Station)

1. Appears copy of attached letter to the Air Force from a witness dated 6 October 1960.

2. The letter does not contain sufficient information to allow a valid conclusion. It is suggested that the witness be recontacted, and if possible, direct questioning be accomplished to determine the exact details of her observation.

3. The limited information contained in this letter indicates that the witness observation was possibly made on 2 to 5 October 1960, and the object was at an estimated altitude of approximately four to five thousand feet. The object appeared to be round and emitting a white light, and was observed for about 2 to 5 minutes.

4. Request the witness make an additional attempt to view the object and to obtain photographs to be forwarded with the investigation.

5. The address of the witness is as follows:

[ADDRESS REDACTED]
Paulding, Ohio

1 Atch
By Lt. 9 Oct 60 fr [REDACTED]

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Producing text output from the document:

To whom it may concern-

Not knowing who to report this sighting to, we are writing to you.

Sunday evening, October 9 while by chance, we noticed a very brilliant light in the sky like a ball that was more stationary than moving. Just looked at it a while - "It is the words - more stationary than moving. I have never seen." We called others to look and they saw the same thing. Several of the neighbors were out looking at it too. At times turning it shown brighter and at times dimmer. It was brilliantly bright at times.

Tuesday October 4 - again between 9:30 and 10:00 it appeared low in the sky of a bluish green color. Seemed quite stationary and was seen by my husband, daughter, and in-laws. It was quite clearly away from us and steadily on bright.
My husband again saw the same thing in the west some time later. It was high.  It is cloudy tonight no other stars in the sky!

What is it?  Is it something new in the sky? At 10:30 p.m. and 11:30 p.m. we noticed it coming home from Paulding. Our daughter and son-in-law and husband saw it. It seems to be the attraction of many.

Is there an explanation? Or is it too early?

Would appreciate your telling us in if you have heard anything about this.

Thank you for your time.

Most sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 7 -

