The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10/73 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 15 February, 1950
2. LOCATION: Rockledge, Florida
3. DATING GROUP: Local 4000
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 4-13
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 35 sec
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Slow moving objects, thought to be birds, but the erratically divergent appearing movement was quite different from birds.
9. COURSE: SCRATCH
10. CONCLUSIONS: Probably Balloon
11. COMMENTS: Probably birds.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document or page from a report related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text transcription:

In The Sky: What Was It - Who Saw It?

Up in the sky! It's a . . . . .
What was it? Who saw it? This is the report, sent to us by a half-dozen or so brilliantly-lighted objects that were seen near Rockledge, Florida, last January 13th. The objects appeared south Wednesday morning about 4:30. 

The article says that the writer of the report asked that her name not be used, and that she saw while driving south on U.S. 1 at about 4:30 a.m. were something that she wanted to know "what they were" -

She wanted to know "The Tribune could not tell her, so this announcement is by way of it," 

Did anyone else see the long, slender, northmoving objects yesterday morning?

If so, give the paper a call. Our doing this gives the public an indication of quite a white. . .

Whatzits Seen In Sky It's Still Mystery

Two additional reports have been received concerning those "whatzits" moving through the sky, apparently searching for an unstated object, said Cocoa Tribune. 

The other reports, also from the same general area, were that the first sightings were of brilliantly white, moving objects, numbering about six.

One saw the objects from a hiding place on the south River Drive, near where the fleeding woman had said she had seen the white "things" moving southward. 

Whoever has done a bit of poking, but still can offer no definite answer as to what the "unidentified flying objects" were.

Some learned that balloons had been released somewhere in the vicinity, but whatever has been flying, no one says he's heard any reports of any such "things" being seen any other time.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Dear Sir,

Because of the incident which occurred on February 15, 1960, I am enclosing a copy of a letter which I have written to the Officer in Charge, and a copy of a signed statement which I have made. I am the Rockledge resident whose car was affected by the brilliance of the light that shone on and around the car.

I can verify that what was seen and the behavior of the objects encountered were unusual to say the least. When they were in motion and sharply emerged from behind the trees, they could maintain that position for some time, as though suspended, and then rapidly dart away in a zig-zag manner, and then they could hold that position again as though in defiance of gravity. The brilliance of the light was so intense that it literally illuminated the entire countryside at a distance of approximately 1/2 a mile.

I am a rather stable person and trust my observations are as accurate and factual as can be determined at this time. I do not know of any more and no noticeable conclusions except that the altitude, speed and maneuvers of this object were unexplainable to me and, for that matter, to the four witnesses who were with me in the car at the time.

Feb. 18, 1960

- page 3 -

