This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE:   2 May 60
3. DATE-TIME GROUP:  0621/04102
5. TYPE: Civilian 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 1/2 hrs
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING:
Two objects - one round and one shaped like a boomerang. The round one was silhouetted against the sky, white. Remained in the west maneuvering for 4 1/2 hours. Objects appeared as lights, they followed a steady pattern for four and 1/2 hours, viewed from metal witness.
12. CONCLUSIONS: 
Since this is a one witness case it is classified as insufficient data. However, it is quite probable that the witness observed a light reflection from some stationary source.

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 12 AUG 55)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a questionnaire form.

Transcription of the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. (No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. (Yes)   b. No   c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?   b. Several blocks away?   c. A block away?   d. Several yards away?   e. Other ________

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?   b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   c. Break up into parts or explode?   d. Grow in brightness?   e. Change brightness?   f. Change shape?   g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
(Circle One for each question)

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what ____________

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what ____________

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   b. Sun glasses   c. Windshield   d. Window glass   e. Binoculars   f. Telescope   g. Theodolite   h. Other

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

Text output from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other _____

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying over countryside?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? 
I was driving home at night from work and saw the object while driving on the highway. It appeared to be a bright, fast moving light that seemed to ascend and descend rapidly.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees if was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North _________ degrees. b. From horizon __________ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North __________ degrees. b. From horizon ___________ degrees.

- page 3 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line and an object above the horizon. The instructions ask the viewer to place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was when it was first seen, and a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when it was last seen.

The second sketch contains two separate images. The larger image shows a road with buildings and hills in the background, and an individual standing on the road. The smaller image shows a more distant landscape with a silhouetted hill in the background.

Transcription of the text in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains a questionnaire filled out by an individual. The text from the document is as follows:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___ m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ___ feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME ____ Last Name ______ First Name ______ Middle Name
ADDRESS _____ Street ______ City ______ Zone ______ State
TELEPHONE NUMBER ______
What is your present job? Correspondent, tech. trade journal
Age 52
Sex M
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school G
b. High school 4
c. College 2
d. Post graduate 

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 Day June 1960 Year

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember
34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Raining or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Mild
d. Hot
e. Don't remember
35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
May 1960
36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 If you answered YES, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Not till March 5, 1960 about 6:50 P.M. Sky was clear, saw faintly lighted object shoot up toward zenith, then light went out. Witnessed by 6 other people. Weather's warm - clear.
38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and who might have caused it?

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
See enclosed sketch

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand (Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Dime
c. Nickel - 1/2
d. Other

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Descended and seemed to fade or diminish toward the horizon

24. In order that we may get a more complete picture of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would you give it? We are particularly interested in matters of construction, such as might be revealed by a close inspection if the object were to hover near you, or by a reflection which revealed some component or feature detail not easily seen at a distance.
Possible construction of a man-made reflector or mirror for gathering solar energy. Since it is fairly known that an identity as a power source for either satellite, sounding rockets or military hardware, this would account for its strange motionless hovering, then descending towards the horizon. Possibly laminated; sealed in much the same manner as air-bombs which was constructed removing some component so that balance could be regained or near-shaped traveling on some known metallic band either boosted by solar station already in space (mother ship) or booster through full knowledge of scientific band from sun.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form, with spaces for the observer's name, signature, and date of the observation. The form is blank, indicating that no specific details about an observation have been provided.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may include any statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME
SIGNATURE
DATE 15 june 1960

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the "Summary" section.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

This one hung suspended east of my window for at least 30 to 45 minutes. After a period of time, it slowly began to recede back and to my left, where it was still doing various circles and dives in the west. It did not or seemed not to diminish in size. I stop or in any manner attract itself to the blue-white one. It continued, if diminishing, at its own rate until it became impossible for me to observe further on account of the waning of the lights, though I could not possibly say it became part of the stars.

The blue-white one continued various passes until I lost it in the coming light of dawn.

While the details were fresh in my mind, I measured the distance - on that slant - from the base of my window, representing horizon, to the top of that high tension wire. It measured eleven inches.

Still later, I met an ex-Commander (USN) who lives in this area, and asked him, after fullest description, if in his opinion I might give their approximate height. Mr. said that one inch of space would roughly equal 10 miles. If this is so, then the objects were 110 miles high.

Upon my description of time it took the second one to recede, Mr. verified the speed of 8 to 10 miles per second.

(My letter to Mr. Maurice Rice, Department of State, Washington, D.C., together with this summary is the gist of the matter.)

Pittsburgh 16, Pa.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with a description of an observed unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

I was first attracted to the flickering light because I realized it was a shooting star. But when it leveled off (see profile), I then figured it must be toward the items of the loop. I opened my windows to try to gauge by noise how far away the plane might be.

Whatever it was, it was extremely high. Behind my room I had turned off the lights a long time ago and my eyes were adjusted to the dark. I was ready for bed - crossing at open window and watching a high-powered windshield wiper wire across my window. It was about then my window went up and I noticed the wire only when the flickering light seemed to "ride" along the top of it.

The light continued its maneuvers, at times surging with blinding flashes, at times plunging back down again. There was no "shooting down" action. This object had been part of the bulk of the plane often blotting out exhaust flame as it turned. There was a definite the light was turning, but there was no blotting out of the light itself.

How long it continued its maneuvers, I cannot say. But sometime later, a second joined it in its runs. This one appeared at the side, became more a "sizzling" base with a very thin cherry tinted veil over its face. (The nearest I can describe this second light to - a steel-making furnace.) The steel in its molten form is nearly blinding white, but it holds that pebbly "cherry veil" over its surface.

This second one, after a few passes with the flickering one, suddenly began to expand. It grew from pea size, held at arm's length, to the size of a tennis ball; built more like an apple, firm and hard. It seemed to have - if I looked so to me - two holes, one on each side of its front; but more to the side. I cannot refer you to the muzzle of a cow, the holes placed just about like the nostrils on the nose of a cow. As it expanded, it lost its cherry veil; the white growing to an almost "eye-hazarding" dazzle. It traveled, somehow was released from the east, across the face of the heavens, fading south, to due east. As it traveled, somehow was released from that east direction, to due west across the face of the heavens.

It was not smoke or did it resemble contrails. As near as I can judge, the stuff released floated in a rather "50" fashion, glittering like it might contain phosphorus or otherwise - stayed visible no more than two seconds at the most.

- page 10 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn diagram and text describing a UFO sighting. The diagram illustrates the motion of the observed object, showing it moving at "Great speed" for about 15 seconds, then slowing down to a "Slowed" speed for about 1 minute. The text also describes the object as having a "Flickering Blue-white" color and producing no sound.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

Bi, a great speed 15 seconds
Great Speed 
Slowed 1 MIN
West string of lights almost a dead stop
HORIZON
MY VISION
EST: 12:01 AM
Color: Flickering Blue-white 
Sound: None

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TROUT RUN, PENNSYLVANIA
May 4, 1960

Mr. Maurice Rice,
Department of State,
Washington, D.C.

Dear Mr. Rice:
Since I can not get any direct information to who should receive the following information, I must send it to you in the hope you will direct it to the proper channels.

Last Monday night, approximately midnight, I noticed what I thought was a plane in distress in a general direction from my bedroom, north by northwest. The light which first attracted my attention was of a flickering blue-white intensity. The craft - if it was a craft - maneuvered rapidly and at times grew to mountainous, the flickering inandescence becoming intense and steady. At first, I decided it might be a jet since they do make lights of varying colors. The light - the first one I noticed and at the time the only one, I believed - did what is commonly known as a figure "8". It was this maneuver which made me think the light might be coming from an ordinary craft. Later, approximately one a.m., this one blue-white light was joined by another of an orange-yellowish-white intensity.
The two maneuvered together, first up into the heavens at tremendous bursts of speed, far greater than any jet I had ever seen.

TURKEYS GROWN ON OUR RANCH

- page 12 -

The image appears to be a diagram or illustration showing a spherical representation of the horizon, with grid lines and coordinate markings. There is a small figure at the center, presumably representing an observer or witness. The diagram does not contain any photographic elements.

The text output based on the OCR of the document is as follows:

90°
Zenith

0°
0°

180

225 
SW

270
NW

135
SE

90
E

45
NE

0
N

- page 13 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch rather than a photograph. The sketch depicts a "Second one: Pull white with cherry 'veil'" that is described as moving "Very slow". Additionally, there is a diagram showing the "VISION to West PM" and the "Horizon" with the time noted as "11 AM".

Text from the document:

Second one:
Pull white with cherry 'veil'
very
slow
Slow
VISION to West PM
Horizon
11 AM

- page 14 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch that does not appear to include any photographs. The sketch depicts a landscape with a mountain range in the background and what appears to be a "Cherry-colored dazzling white" object in the sky, described as a "Puff released about here".

Transcription of text from the image:
"Cherry to dazzling white"
"Room facing South"
"EST. 3-4 am"
"Puff released about here"

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document containing text only.

Transcribing the text:

She also said nobody, to her knowledge, has tried to study them through high powered glasses or has tried to get a fix on their possible position. She also said at times in the past five years, a single light of a whitish cast has appeared over the eastern ridge behind her home. This has remained stationary for hours before it slowly moved off in an easterly direction. At the time, she was connected with Civil Defense and made inquiry through that channel. She said so far as she knows, nothing was ever done about it.

I got your name through an answer to a letter I had directed to President Eisenhower in 1957, congratulating him. My background includes correspondents for Marine Magazine. Home address, Pittsburgh 16, Pa.

I would be very happy to discuss these peculiar lights to whoever you refer to me. Thank you very much.

Sincerely,

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed written document. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

seen in flight, coming to an almost dead halt, then ranging
down the heavens in equally great bursts, not - or so it
seemed to me - slowing but continuing to "shower"speed imediately.
still later, I noticed a group of these lights behind these two. 
They also were of the same coloring as the other two with the
exception of the one - which told me they were not stars -
moving off by itself in spurts. Its movement reminded me of
some object magnetized, being jerked across the heavens. This
one swung around until it faced approximately due west from where
I stood. It grew from a lack-lustre orange-white to a brilliant
blue-white.
In all this maneuvering, there was absolutely no sound.
The other peculiar thing was these two foremost ones which
gave off an incandescent powderish something that floated loose
and for not as controlable. Whatever the stuff was, it vanished
within seconds of release.
At dawn - I watched this display until then and lost them -
I made a mental check of approximately how high they might have
been. Behind my bedroom are three telephone wires. At an angle
from my bed, where I first spotted them after the electric lights
were out, at approximately a 40 degree slant upward and gauged
from the ridge over which they seemed to be, I'd say they were
approximately 60 to 70 miles high, maybe higher.
When I first noticed them, they were in a string, like beads.
Later, the blue-white one began to do figure '8's. I have made
diligent inquiry upon possible explanations in or near this section.
There aren't any. I'm told.
I have been informed by [REDACTED] cry that these lights
have been seen over a course of three to five years back.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, showing an envelope addressed to "Mr. Maurice Rice, Department of State, Washington, D.C." The envelope has a postmark from "WILLIAMSTON, PA 3-PM 1960" and the location of the report appears to be "TROUT RUN, PENNSYLVANIA".

TROUT RUN, PENNSYLVANIA
Mr. Maurice Rice
Department of State
Washington, D.C.

- page 18 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Text from the document:

June 8, 1960

Lawrence J. Tacker,
Major, USAF,
Public Information Division
Office of Information, 
Washington 25, D.C.

Dear Sir:

Your current letter pertaining to the signing of an unidentified flying object witness is in letterform your request to forward to you on this subject: i run, pa. - in a box containing personables. The questionaires is so spotted it cannot be used.

Will you be so kind as to forward me another set.

Thank you.

Sincerely,

- page 19 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena (UFOs) that were observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET 
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will be used in connection with any statement, conclusions, or publications without your permission, unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? May 7, 1960
2. Time of day: 12:10 hours (Circle One): a. A.M. b. P.M.
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Trout Run, Pennsylvania
Nearest Postal Address: R.D. 2 Trout Run, Pennsylvania
Additional remarks: The object was low to the horizon and moved quickly to the south.
5. Estimate how long you saw the object: 2 minutes Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright daylight b. Dull daylight c. Bright twilight d. Just a trace of daylight e. No trace of daylight f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 20 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document dated June 1, 1960, containing a letter from the Office of Information.

The text of the document is as follows:

Dear Sir,

This is to acknowledge your letter of 4 May to Mr. Maurice Rice, Department of State, regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object. 

Your letter contains insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, I request you complete the attached Air Force Questionnaire in regard to the sighting and forward the completed report to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Trout Run, Pennsylvania

- page 21 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting an observation of an unidentified flying object.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color: Diffused-glowing blue-white; 6-8 inches across, translucent white in the center.

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and any other observations.
The sketch provided depicts two items:
#1 - Shaped like a "Jonathan apple", stem down
#2 - Shaped like a lens-thin saucer, seemed to be holes or intakes; this object was dazzling in appearance

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Distinct
d. Don't remember
e. Other: distinct

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
See enclosed sketch

- page 22 -

