The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card from 1961 that documents an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation in Troy, Ohio. The record card details the date, time, location, type of observation, number of objects, course, and a summary of the sighting. The summary describes a bright, shiny white object that was seen flying fast and straight, then disappeared into the distance.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 3 Jan 61
2. LOCATION: Troy, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0330-35Z, Jan 61 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: None
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 min
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Bright, shiny, white object, flying fast and straight. Disappeared into the distance.
9. COURSE: EAST-WEST
10. CONCLUSIONS: Witnesses possibly saw a high flying aircraft, although too far away to determine what it was.

- page 1 -

The image contains several sketches and illustrations, but no photographs. The first sketch depicts an object in the sky with rays or beams of light emanating from it. The second and third sketches show landscape scenes, one with a person standing in the distance and the other with a distant horizon.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Those a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 2 -

This page from the old UFO report document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or form with various questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy clouds
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry, mist, or light rain
b. Moderate or heavy rain
c. Windy
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Day Month Year

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

Please list their names and addresses:

Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones? 

In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

The text from the document is as follows:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky 
b. Hazy clouds
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry, mist, or light rain
b. Moderate or heavy rain
c. Windy
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Day Month Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

35.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? (Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 3 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and spaces for respondents to provide information.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
41. Please give the following information about yourself: NAME: Last Name First Name Middle Name ADDRESS: Street City State Zip TELEPHONE NUMBER: Age 18 Sex MALE Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 25 Day Month 1957 Year

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a handwritten message.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write our a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
port information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, observations, or theories that you believe are important. Do not repeat the details of the observa-
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are needed.

NAME
SIGNATURE
DATE 1-25-61

The handwritten text on the form describes an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) that occurred on the night of January 24, 1961 in Troy, Ohio. The observer provides details about the object's appearance, movements, and their personal observations and reactions to the sighting.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a typed document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Page 10

Finally, it is conceivable that the being and the craft were deliberately trying to conceal themselves from observation. The craft seemed to vanish into a zone of foliage and darkness. Because of the time of night and the remote location, there were no others who could confirm the sighting. The matter could not be investigated further. This is unfortunately the nature of many UFO incidents, where evidence is fleeting and eyewitness accounts are the only record of the event. Reliable data is difficult to obtain. And so the occurrence stands as another unexplained phenomenon, leaving more questions than answers.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

OCR output:

Dear Sirs:
I can't quite know how to begin on this, but I feel I should write to you. That I don't know how to put it, but I feel I should.
I have taken sightings of unidentified flying objects twice in the past eight months and I have been very much puzzled and disturbed by them. The first time was around August last year when I saw an object hovering over the house for a short time.
It was of an elongated shape, a greyish silver color, and made no sound at all. It seemed to be suspended in the air. I watched it for perhaps two or three minutes and then it slowly moved off in a straight line and disappeared. I was quite close to it, not more than 250 yards away, and I could see it quite clearly.
The second time was around Christmas time, December 26. This time there were two, quite close together, moving rapidly in a straight line across the sky. They were globular in shape, greyish white in color, and again there was no sound at all, just a steady rapid motion across the sky until they disappeared. This was a distance of perhaps half a mile.
The first thing I noticed about it was that there was no sound whatsoever, and that it was hovering or floating in the air. There was no propeller or jet sound and it seemed to be suspended without any visible means of propulsion.
This is so against all our normal concepts of flight that I am quite puzzled and disturbed by it. I should add that I am a practical engineer with a mechanical and scientific background, and I try to be objective in my outlook on life.
I wonder if you could enlighten me on this matter at all. I have read a little about the whole subject of unidentified flying objects, but I must admit I am quite puzzled and disturbed by my own experiences.
Yours sincerely,

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
FOR THE COMMANDING OFFICER:
PHILIP G. HYATT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science and Components

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

16 January 1961

Dear Mr. XXXX,

Your letter reporting the sighting of an unidentified flying object on January 3, 1961, has been referred to this office for investigation.

Enclosed is an Air Force Questionnaire which we ask you to complete and return. The completed document to the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. Analysis and/or evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Comeback 01-24
Janue 01-1

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object you observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. Further details may be requested, so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for additional information.
1. When did you see the object? 4-7-61 Day Month Year
2. Time of day: 10:30 Hours Minutes A.M. or (P.M.)
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Central b. Eastern c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? TROY OHIO City or Town State or Country
5. How long was object in sight? 30 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy d. Night: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN in relation to the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, consisting of a questionnaire or form with various questions about the sighting of a UFO or unidentified object.

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One)
a. As a light
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? 

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (13) No (19) Don't Know
b. Moves slowly? Yes (17) No (15) Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes (19) No (13) Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes (17) No (15) Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes (19) No (13) Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes (17) No (15) Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes (15) No (17) Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes (12) No (20) Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)
Yes (15) No (17) Don't Know

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
Yes (15) No (17) Don't Know

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses 
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield 
d. Window glass

Yes (13) No (19)
Yes (17) No (15)
Yes (19) No (13)
Yes (17) No (15)

- page 11 -

The image appears to contain a sketch or drawing of a UFO object. The sketch shows a long, narrow object with a tapered shape. There are no other photographs or images present in this document.

16. Sound ____a humming or whirring sound__________
b. Color _____bright, shining white_______________
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapour trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
18. The edge of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Don't remember
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from a document or report, containing only handwritten text.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. Was this the first time you had ever seen this object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words, the common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. This would be helpful in visualizing the size and general appearance of the object.

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this page. The text appears to be a form with questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Output:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was reading a book when I noticed something in the sky that did not look like any aircraft I had seen before. It was moving at a high rate of speed and changing directions erratically.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. East
c. South
d. West
e. Northeast
f. Southeast
g. Southwest
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes / No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. West
b. North
c. East
d. South
e. Northeast
f. Southeast
g. Southwest
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. West
b. North
c. East
d. South
e. Northeast
f. Southeast
g. Southwest
h. Northwest

31. If you can estimate the angular elevation of the object (the number of degrees the object was above the horizon [from true North (true east) and also the number of degrees it was above the horizon from the horizon (elevation)].
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North____ degrees.
b. From horizon____ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North____ degrees. 
b. From horizon____ degrees.

- page 14 -

