This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a "PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD" with details about a UFO sighting that occurred on August 8, 1961 in Santa Fe, Argentina.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: AUGUST 8, 1961
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1900/2000Z
3. LOCATION: SANTA FE, ARGENTINA
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar and Air Visual
5. COURSE: 360 
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 MINUTES
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Since 1900 Z a high speed, 90 ft. long object with sharp edges was picked up on radar and captured on film. The object moved and maneuvered at high speed and flew without sound. After approximately 10 minutes the object descended and hovered and then ascended again. Men from outer space had on holster and appeared to be observing the ship. After man was captured the ship took off/left track at high speed. The ship took off/left track at high speed.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, containing handwritten and typed text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

[Translator's note: This letter is written in poor Spanish, a fact necessarily reflected, to some extent, in the translation.]

AFCAS-12/635

Argentina
2 June 62

Director
Unidentified Flying Objects Office
Office of the Air Force
Washington

I would like to pay my respects to the Director of A.M.C. [sic] and establish friendly ties with him.

I would appreciate your opinion of the account I am giving you below.

There is a growing unrest in my city as the result of a radio program broadcast by the privately owned station LR-9, Radio Santa Fe, which is based somewhat erroneously in neighboring countries.

The program, entitled "A traves del cable" [by cable], is directed by a group of individuals whose radio management has been observed by several people who are familiar with the subject as sending messages under the excuse of being "flying saucers". A letter was received from a prominent citizen who did not share his name.

Here is this man's account:

First, he explained that he is a quiet person and in good health. He says that on the 16th of August, 1961, he was driving his car slowly along the road to the coast, nearby San Pedro de Macati. Suddenly, when next to a brush on one side and water on the other, his car stopped. Therefore, he went to seek help and walked towards a light before him. On one side of the road was a metallic car-like object. As it came near, the bushes and shrubs approached gradually. When he got near to the source of the light, he saw a space ship approximately 6 to 7 meters long, just as those shown in the magazines and movies. He said that there were some 15 beings surrounding the object, which at that moment, seemed to push someone up to the machine, a person who, judging by

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text.

the clothes he wore, was a laborer or tramp. According to this man's account, his clothing included a yellow or cream-colored suit, completely sealed, a helmet from which rose two antennas inclined sideways and under the antennas were substances that looked like nuts. shining like glass.

Around the saucer were about twelve openings, presumably exhausts for the engines.

The crew of the ship looked like airmen, very white skin, blonde. The being in the interior of the craft uttered a kind of shrill sound - presumably they were talking among themselves. One described the creature's eyes as large and round; all these beings entered, the door was sealed, took off and ran immediately away as if the aircraft were directed by remote control. After this, the car worked, as did the radio and the flashlight.

This man says that he went through this experience he had heard examined by a specialist who told him that he is in perfect health and found him worthy of credit but undergoing any change.

This is all he said about what he saw. I would appreciate your opinion to decide to a similar story. Perhaps you would be interested in collaborating with the radio station and with you, since many stories are being received by mail. There are frequent contacts could be investigated with the utmost discretion and this group of newsmen I mentioned before.

I await your reply and remain,

respectfully yours,
[signature]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. I will proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document.

Santa Fe, 2 de Junio de 1962.
Señor Director de: Unidentified Flying Objects Office
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

El que suscribe, se compace en saludar a usted y, a la vez, comunicar a V.M.C., como Director de D.M.C., cosa siguiente:

Es motivo de la presente es contrario a su criterio bienestar de todos y esto ultimo aqui referido como señor Director, y al mismo tiempo solicitar y gestar a usted tienda a bien de cambiarme su opinion del relato que a continuacion detallo.

El motivo como usted se puede ver es caso apropiado sobre material desconocida del área de Santa Fe, que por la provincia que lleva su nombre en la Republica Argentina.

Carola, una ciudad, ha surgido una inquietud que se acerca cada dia mas, dicha inquietud proviene de un programa de radio que se difunde por la emisora privada del L.T. Radio Santa Fe, esta que algunos oyentes vecinos, reciben y escuchan tal programa.

Dicho programa, denominado a traves del cable, es algo que molesta al vecindario.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page of text from a UFO report document.

de cuya direccion se encuentran un orostigio so grupo de periodistas 
En dicha audicion se solicito la poblacion que colaboraran
era enviado por correo, o personalmente, el relato de algu-
persona que hubiera vivido la presencia de este fenomeno de
todo cuerpo celeste. Denominado sonus'nente y Tistto Vola
deros,..,y en cuya duracion se cree por contacto un prestigio se vecinsin
olar a conocer a su nombre, da direccion.

5) Continuacion de sustito al reporte el testigo de este nombre: 
Coinenzando de relato, afirma, que era una persona tranquila
y completamente se, Dice que el mes de agosto de 1354, como
ser una persona que vivio el ocurriraiento al extranjero,
por la carretera que conduce a Santafe, denominada, camino de
la costa, a las horas 23, poco velocidad cuando al llegar a
tramo de la ruta del camino, o una de los metros de Santa Fe, exen
un sorprendente o exepeionado. Vieron un cuerpo iluminado que 
poco después aguo, asi llegaron dicho lugar con automovil se 
totals directamente parado los luces y el radio portatio,
lo bajo del coche onstatando la falla, vision que de una
una limitar ra, que tratar de prudencia no funcionai, siencar.

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not contain any photographs. The page is filled with handwritten text in Spanish.

Transcribed text from the document:

Testigos con todo estos Raven de duro en eucadando afilito para lo cual Recorrio.suna vez que habia de lante,un csta de del carino negado que habia una casa quinta de la zona,distinguiendose al gran,pendiente de la su.es ocurio a la idea de que su le corria muy infermidad que ue maba y que oyio el testimnon Ese eran, de los rbotos y que os de lugar, de este manera se segaron a las antena se proveino que la Ia Asombro al ver en el lugar Nunca avia espiacio segun el temia una direccion de unos go caratulos grande peropor.aun una distancia, como los de es revistas.y formas delicine.(Dice que so encontraban unos derce que en ese momento penso que ebrian ser obgervacion a unos 300 netros en una zoana cubierta de algazarabundante,estosseres segul retrato este seno,vistian uniforme ecoalgun casco e la cabeza acarreo del cual Surnin dos antenas in clinavadas hacia los costados afirmo de varias antenas trataban mas Just que do agraciado que un trillo para este servir).

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Using optical character recognition (OCR), the text found in the document is as follows:

"Para poder presumir de los fenomenos de esta clase, quienes no hayan sido testigos oculares de los mismos, tienen que apoyarse en declaraciones, como la de los seres que los presenciaron, cuyo testimonio, aunque que, y muy breve, de suficiente, que para acreditar la realidad del suceso. Como por una burbuja, que estos seres hablaban entre ellos y miraban a diferentes direcciones.

Una vez de introducida el limjero, subieron todo esto seres se acercaban a examinar, a mirar, como admirados, aquel vehiculo milaroso, hasta que a medida que se acercaban, cambiaban de color.

Despues de todo esto, si hubiera funcionado, como hizo la radio, que en seguida se puso en marcha, despues de haber vivido estos fenomenos, no tendriainos motivos para hacer una revision de lo mismo, por un experto en la materia, pues no esta comprobado de como, aunque no sufra de ninguna otra novedad.

Esta por aqui, el relato de la vista por este persona, que me envio su opinion, tambien le pido aios posible me envien tambien revlsiones investigativas, y asi de casos semejantes, para aunar fuerzas y podet aclarar esta manora de poder con reciente."

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph, but rather shows a handwritten document. The text in the document is in Spanish and appears to be a report or communication related to a UFO sighting in Santa Fe, Argentina.

Conozcer por carta, de esta manera se podria hacer 
un caso de sumidad g colaboración entre el departamento
de investigación que no se 

cual sea el grupo de perso-
desta , que se cometerse este fechado.
Con mi mas atento respeto y despido de 
do su atencion repusto con, mi pedido.

Santa Fe, Revshlica argentina

- page 8 -

