The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from the Project Blue Book archives, dated 29 Sep 61, regarding an unidentified flying object sighting in Watertown, Connecticut.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 29 Sep 61
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 3:15 pm 
3. LOCATION: Watertown, Conn.
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: D Yes / D No  
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 min.
7. COURSE: 
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. DETAILS OF OBSERVATION: Small round obj passed overhead from west to east at high speed and very high altitude.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

10 October 1961

Dear [Redacted],

Your letter of September 30 addressed to the Department of Defense has been forwarded to this office.

It is not possible to tell you what the objects were which you say were observing the stars nor is it possible to determine the combination of factors involved since we have no other observational data. Harvard observatory further compounded the eye-strain due to the intensity of the lights (which is long since discounted).

I know that this is not too helpful. We are limited in the information we can give you and the actual observations by you would be the only ones of value. I would like to recommend that you continue to observe and report any UFO sightings as many observations are still providing a great deal of information.

Your interest is appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
UFO Project Officer
Office of Information
Office of Information

Mr. School
Watertown, Connecticut

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter.

On Friday, Sept 29, over Watertown, Conn, at about 3:00 o'clock, I sighted a spaceman or U.F.O., maneuvering over the scene field under the glare of the approaching evening. This may seem like a crazy and fantastic story to many, but it is the absolute truth. My name is deleted and I am an employee on the scene field under the U.S. Government. Only a few of the men were observing the scene, (they got a good look) and I received many a strange and queer look. At first one wondered at a very fast object, approximately over an acre in area, which was steady or even slightly moving from east to west (rising and then slowly taking a course to the north), then it seemed to increase speed and move to the east. I would appreciate your views on my strange sighting. I was greatly impressed by the performance. Thank you very much.

- page 3 -

