The image does not contain any photographs, it shows a project record card from Project Blue Book. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 7 JUL 61
2. DATE-TIME-GROUP: Local: 2245 GMT.
3. PHOTO: DVis
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D Ground-Visual
5. LOCATION: Humboldt, Sask., Canada
6. SHAPE: D Circular
7. NO. OF OBJECTS: 1
8. COURSE: 155° of travel
11. COMMENTS: Man who saw a flash like a welding torch in the sky not believed to be qualified observer. Investigated by C. F. Saunders, Canadian Commercial Corp.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S)

Size of object(s): Disc shaped.
Color of object(s): Metallic silver.
Number of objects: One.
Approximate size in relation to familiar object(s): Slightly larger than one of the following: No car, house, building, etc.
Any distinguishing features or details of object(s): Trail or exhaust, including size of same.
Sound, if heard: A sputtering sound.
Other pertinent or unusual features: None reported.

DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF THE OBJECT(S)

What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): The metallic silver appearance and size.
Approximate angle of elevation of object(s) when first observed: 40 degrees.
Approximate angle of elevation of object(s) upon disappearance: 20 degrees.
Description of flight path and maneuvers of the object(s): The object moved horizontally, then disappeared to the north east.
How did the object(s) disappear? (instantaneously to the north east.)
How long was the object(s) visible? (the specific, 5 minutes, 30 hour etc.): 5 minutes.

INVESTIGATION:
Investigation made on: 3 August at 12:30pm. Persons interviewed: Not specified.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

LOCATION OF OBSERVATION:
Use one or more to indicate the location of the following: Ground observer, Ground electronic, or
air electronic (if electronic, specify type of radar)

DETAILS OF OBSERVATION:
Exact location of each observer, and/or geographical position. A position
which reference to a known landmark should also be given, such as "5 miles N of Baseville"

DATE AND TIME OF SIGHTING:
Time and date of sighting 11-20-61 July 8, 1961
Light conditions at time of sighting (time, one of the following: day, dawn, dusk

INTERVIEW (OR REPORT ON FORM 3)
Mailing address(es)

Occupation  
Other details pertinent to case:
Observer(s) account of weather conditions
Ceiling Visibility
Amount of cloud cover 
Other unusual activity or conditions: none, no other observations

- page 3 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

the report will all at s.--tose and will--two is or the all--case
 has not been a granting
 that there is no further information or evi
 have been passed to the local ground sighting by local
 made a visual observation of the phenom
 date of this report is later than the date this report wa
 This report is still unexo
 I regret that I am not in a position to furnish any additional i
 cerning this report.

- page 4 -

