The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card with various details about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD  
1. DATE: 15 JAN 61
2. DATE/TIME GROUP: 7:30 PM CST  
3. LOCATION: 60 mi NNE of Duluth, Minnesota
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual  
5. SOURCE: Civilian & Military  
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1  
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2.5 mins  
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Dull-white; "shooting star" sighted 20,000-25,000 ft., 105°. Sighted 10,000' GCA, burned out with trail.  
9. COMMENTS: Object in question was probably an aircraft, rocket or satellite being observed at this time. No U.F.O. report required.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this page. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and transcribe the text found in the document:

18 miles north of Minocqua, she was outdoors watching a snowplow clear-
ing the driveway. The fireball was observed from this location to north.

Mr. Walkers, which is about 21 miles southwest of Minocqua, he thought 
it landed within a thousand feet to the east of him. Although he heard
no sound, he noticed a strong odor of burning sulfur in the area.

Mrs. was in a car about two miles southeast of 
Minocqua. The fireball seemed to pass almost directly overhead. As 
it did so, the car radio faded out and she heard a distinct humming"
sound. The fireball disintegrated after passing over the car and ex-
plodes in a burst of greenish light and shoot fragments in all directions.

The fragments of the fireball as inferred from observations in the Houston and Ft. William
areas, some others, suggest were traveling at a velocity of about 500 miles per hour. This 
compares to the velocity of normal meteorites or because one or more other fireballs (possible fragments of the main one) were observed simultaneously in various parts of the area.

For example, Miss was driving south on Highway 77 and
saw a fireball which was about 160 yards southeast of Minocqua. Accord-
ing to Miss Wainick, the fireball seemed to come from overhead and fell
in front of her car-to the southeast.

Mrs. saw the fireball through the open door of the Enchanted
Forestry establishment, at a distance of about 2 miles (in testimony). Ap-
parently it was visible to her and they also witnessed the fireball. According
to her statement to troopers, the fireball was from west to east, and the
cloud remained for sometime.

Another observer who saw a fireball apparently falling toward the
southeast was Mrs. She was driving north
on Highway 51 and was about 14 miles north of Tomahawk - roughly 35 miles
south of Minocqua. The fireball seemed to come from almost directly overhead
and illuminated the surrounding countryside for miles. She described it as 
"like lightning".

Mr. saw no fireball, but as he was walking along a
road 4 miles south of Three Lakes, noticed a peculiar blue-green illumina-
tion of the sky 4 which lasted for several seconds. One or two seconds
after this the illumination ceased and he simultaneously felt a distinct
ground tremor. Three Lakes is about 27 miles

Another report, although it introduces an additional complication in
the matter of direction, is interesting in that it lends support for the
theory that the main fireball may have been accompanied by one or more
smaller fireballs or fragments.

- page 2 -

The image provided appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image.

Text extracted from the document:

Idea that two distinct fireballs of high school student, was driving south of Highway 21 about 20 miles south of Hibbing when he noticed a bright flash of white plane appear to make a sudden turn onto a side road, he saw a fireball, which resembled "a burning plane", apparently falling straight down to the southwest.

No effort was made to obtain reports from the area between Hibbing and Mineoquia. However, newspapers in Hibbing and Mineoquia reported that the fireball was seen from a North Central Airlines plane in the vicinity of Wisconsin Rapids. The newspaper and Chamber of Commerce, Washburn, Michigan, indicated that the sky to the north was overcast.

Mrs. ____ mentioned above, happened to be a former resident of the Ft. William Times-Journal for January 16th indicating that the Hibbing-Mineoquia fireball had been seen from the north shore of Lake Superior.

Two of the reports from the Ft. William-Port Arthur area are particular as they provide "an approximate "fix" on the point of origin of the fireball. One observer about 3 miles northeast of the Port Arthur city limits saw the fireball reach high speeds on a line just to the west of Pie Island near the intersection of Isabella and Ford Streets in Ft. William. He says the size of the fireball was diminished as though consumed in an explosion. Another observer in Ft. William, a Mr. _____ apparently sighted the location of the fireball from a different angle at about the base of the mountain. The intersection of these lines points to the west end of Pie Island and Thompson Island.

There were other reports received from within the city limits of Ft. William. A 19-year-old boy, who was skating in Mineoquia, saw the "flash from the north city limits and followed by the trail which he described as trailing a fading red glare".

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the image:

"parked) near McKellar General Hospital. As soon as she saw the fireball, Mrs. Karalsk descend to the site of the car for a better view. She was some 5 or 6 miles C.S.T. from persons located a considerable distance west of Ft. William. Mr. and Mrs. southward to Lorne Avenue. and we looking near the west end of the lakeshore highway. His description of the fireball he described it as parallel to the southeastern horizon. The point of impact he estimated to be on a line running toward the northeast end of Fish records that about 25 miles northwest of Ft. William. To her it looked like a large star with a trail like vacuum behind a plane yet it was completely silent. Most Canadian observers (excepting Dr. a large meteor) described the apparent size of the fireball as between that of "a large star" and "as large as a car". were aware of any sounds connected with the flight or impact of the bolide. It may be mentioned that, as in the instances wrest, several reports indicated the earlier presence of other fireballs or large meteors visible the same evening. Since the northern portions of the described it as between the previous siting, and thick ice is not easily penetrated until well along in the spring, and it seemed desirable to try to initiate an extended search. It seemed desirable to try to initiate an extended search. William Times Journal and also the Ft. William Commerce were notified that, if any small plane owners cared to look for it. A reward that the search be concentrated between the west ends of Pie Island and this Royale. Neither any search was made is not known. So far, no one has applied for the reward."

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

RECEIVED
17 JAN 61 20 54z
ATIC

TO: HJEDAH/ASST AFB CC LO
MEDAH/3STH ADVTRUAX FLD USC
MEDSO/AIR TECH INTEL CENTER USAFE CHIC
HJEZHQ/AST CHIEF OF STAFF INTELL HO USAF WASH DC
HJEZHQ/SECRETARY OF THE AF WASHDC

UNCLAS DUC IN 2.
REF AFR 200-2, PARA 13, THE FOLLOWING REPORT IS SUBMITTED:

6:00 P.M. - Sighting was visible for 30-35 minutes. Object was described as bright, intense, reddish, orange-color, round ball of light sillilar to a "comet." It was noted at very high altitude, moving from south to north at a high rate of speed. No trail appeared to be attached to the object and it gave no evidence of exhaust or flame. The object disappeared from sight gradually to the north.

PAGE TIC HJEDAH 24
ROL NO.
- KRL EIGHT LIGHT

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, containing detailed information about a UFO sighting.

KGL 33,333 OR 25,000 FEET - 13.5 DEC
KGL 13,333 FEET - 25.2 DEC 
KGL ----
KGL CIRCLED OUT, RED-PARK
KGL 3 SECONDS
C. KGL VISUAL
KGL NO
KGL LT. CHAPMAN, PILOT MADE OBSERVATION WHILE AIR BORNE
D. KGL 2433Z 13 JAN 1961
KGL NIGHT
E. KGL ----
KGL 52 MILES NNE DULUTH, NORTH OF LAKE SUPERIOR
KGL LT JAMES CHAPMAN, PILOT, 17TH 157TH AVS, 27 YEAR, 2712 HRS ORD DULUTH, ANG PILOT, KEANIK TELLER)
G. KGL LIGHT CIRCLIES, 25,000
KGL 233 DEC 5 KNOTS
213 DEC 13 KNOTS 
253 DEC 13 KNOTS

PAGE THREE HEADED 24
273 DEC 13 KNOT
343 DEC 13 KNOT
253 DEC 13 KNOTS
13 DEC 15 KNOT
273 DEC 13 KNOTS

KGL CLEAR

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

KTL NONE
KEY NO
NONE
I. PILOT MADE TWO RUNS ALONG NORTH SHORE OF LAKE SUPERIOR WITH NEGATIVE RESULTS.
J. NONE
K. HORAD INTELLIGENCE OFFICER. BELIEVE THIS TO BE A SHOOTING STAR.
L. NONE
M. BELIEVED SIGHTING TO BE A SHOOTING STAR.
ET
15/1957Z JAN RJEDDU

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it is a scanned document that appears to be a letter.

LAWRENCE COLLEGE
APPLETON, WISCONSIN

Maj. William T. Coleman, Jr.
UFO Project Officer, Division
Office of Information
Office of the Secretary
USAF
Washington, D.C. 

Dear Major Coleman:

I appreciate very much your sending me a list of your sightings in Wisconsin, Minnesota, Michigan.

You will note from the enclosed mimeographed report that I did consider this work as one of these sightings.

I shall perhaps take the liberty of bothering you again a year or so from now for any additional material reports that may have come your way.

Would it be a lot of trouble for you to give me the name and address of the individual with whom I should get further information on this one if possible.

Very sincerely yours,

[Redacted]

Copy to Col. Macomber
Group FOIA
Madison, Wis.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter from WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR. of the U.S. Air Force to a Professor at Augburo College.

The text of the letter is as follows:

26 September 1961

Dear Professor:

Thank you for yours of September 15th enclosing a copy of the material which you transmitted to me.

There are two gentlemen in Madison, Wisconsin who should be able to assist you on the matter of the Twelfth Air Force project. Please contact them:

[Redacted], 10 University Avenue, Madison 6, Wisconsin.
[Redacted], 405 West Gilman Street, Madison 6, Wisconsin.

We will be happy to assist you anyway we can. Feel free to call on us at any time.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Professor [Redacted]
Augburo College
[Redacted]

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text visible in the image is:

The -Port Arthur Fireball of January 15, 1961

Lawrence College, Appleton, Wis.

April 8, 1961

- page 10 -

The image appears to be a map that shows the location of various places, including Port Arthur, Ft. William, Isle Royale, Ontonagon, Hainoogie, and Nauston. There is no photograph present in this image, only a hand-drawn map.

Text extracted from the document:

Port Arthur 
Ft. William
Isle Royale
Ontonagon
Hainoogie
Nauston

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

On the evening of January 15, 1961, a large fireball was seen traveling from north to south according to reports from people in the vicinity. An effort was made to secure accurate, detailed reports from the Manston area. The Jamestown Observatory offered assistance, and the Ohio State University Observatory rendered active assistance. Subsequently, Mrs. Manston, personally interviewed nearby observers.

Mrs. [redacted], who lives on a farm near Camp Douglas, 12.3 miles northwest of Manston, reported the course of the fireball as "straight down" to the north. This suggests that the object passed directly over Camp Douglas, although it did not become visible until it had traveled some distance.

Mrs. [redacted], about 3 miles southeast of Luverne, says the fireball from an automobile about half a mile southeastward appeared to be "as large, if not twice as large, as the moon." She contended her estimates put the object's center at 650 F.M. (Central Standard Time).

Mr. [redacted] was in the living room of his home at the Castle and described the fireball as "larger than the full moon" and resembling an airplane coming down in flames.

None of these observers heard any sound which they connected with the passage of the fireball.

About a week later, a letter was received from Mrs. [redacted] that the fireball had been seen in that area. The object was estimated to have been approximately 100 feet in diameter and exhibiting a "blue flash" as it passed over Manston. The letter reports additional details, including several ground observations with witnesses corroborating the Manston Times and International Falls radio station KGHS reports.

Two Minooque, Minnesota residents were in a car about 8 miles west of Minooque. They reported the fireball to be about half the size of the full moon and "flaming out" as it passed over. Twenty seconds later, they heard "rumbling or cracking" sounds.

- page 12 -

