This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card, which is a form used to record details of UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: JANUARY 16, 1961
2. LOCATION: SMYRNA, DELAWARE
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0508
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D GROUND-VISUAL
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 MINUTES
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
7. COURSE: ONE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: THE OBJECT FLASHING OR BLINKING, LOW ON THE HORIZON, OBSERVED THROUGH FRONT WINDOW OF CAR.
11. COMMENTS: THE SIGHTING APPEARS TO BE THAT OF A STAR.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

23. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
Circle One:
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Sighted object while driving home from work. Object flying slowly through the air.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest 
28.2 How fast were you moving? _____55______ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you see any time delay while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest 

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest

31. If you were looking in any other direction (than your initial direction), try to estimate the number of degrees you turned from your original position (from true North [thru east]) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon.
a. From true North ____15____ degrees.
b. From horizon ___10____ degrees.

31.1 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _____ degrees.
b. From horizon _____ degrees.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather two sketches or illustrations. The first sketch shows a curved object above the horizon, and the second sketch shows a landscape with a person in the foreground.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the survey line to show the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the skyline to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.  

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch on how to complete a similar sketch of how to complete this sketch of how to complete this sketch.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

24. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One) a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One) a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? MONTH: V. YEAR:

35. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

35.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No  

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Roger Case, 
1012 Lawson Blvd, 
Smyrna, Delaware

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? (Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, when, where, and under what circumstances did you see others? 
APPROXIMATELY 4:00 P.M.

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
it appeared to be spinning and reflecting the sun's rays in a random manner. I believe it was most likely some sort of natural phenomenon or manmade object.

- page 4 -

The given image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions and fields to be filled out.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Yes

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME LAST NAME
ADDRESS STREET, CITY, STATE, ZIP
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE: 31
SEX: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be relevant.
GRADUATE OF ANNAPOLIS - VETERAN RETIRED FROM NAVY CAREER

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
5-8-61 

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to collect information about an observed event.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled out and added as accurately as possible, the following space is writ down a short description of the event that you observed. The events in the questionnaire, and add any further information that you think will help explain the situation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be added if they are required.

NAME
SIGNATURE
DATE January 28, 1961

- page 6 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or diagram rather than a photograph. The sketch depicts a circular object labeled "CLEARING" with an arrow pointing to a "DIRT ROAD" below it. The text describes the object as a "UFO OBJECT FLASHING".

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

CLEARING in wood stand
UFO OBJECT FLASHING
DIRT ROAD
THE woman said this a (recess
the cleaning just a light
about 6-8 minutes

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a scanned document with handwritten text.

Dear Sir:

This is your letter of May 23rd addressed to the President of the United States has been referred to me for reply. The information which you have presented has been carefully considered for the investigation.

The date of your sighting along with the time and description of the object observed as a brilliant object similar in appearance to a disc (?EESC) launched from a coastal Virginia launching site into an extremely high altitude, will, I assure you, be made a matter of record.

A comparison of your information with that obtained from other sources indicates that the object you observed was probably a small satellite or space vehicle launched on or about that date, and your description and sighting time are consistent with the known performance capabilities of small satellites at that time. I realize that this may be disappointing to you since many persons are hoping for definite evidence of extraterrestrial activity, but the objective analysis indicates this object was of terrestrial origin. 

I hope this information is useful to you. Please let me know if you have any further questions about this matter.

- page 8 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with redacted text.

This is the text found in the document:

THIS INTEREST IS APPRECIATED SINCERELY.

WILLIAM H. COLEMAN
1st LT, USAF
PUBLIC INFORMATION DIVISION
OFFICE OF INFORMATION SERVICES

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in the document provided. 

MEMORANDUM FOR: Major William Coleman, SAPOI Headquarters USAF Washington, D.C.

SUBJECT: Referral of Correspondence

The enclosed correspondence is forwarded for consideration and appropriate action to include direct reply to the writer who has been notified of this referral. Information copy of your reply is not requested.

Encl: Recent letter from [REDACTED], Smyrna, Delaware

Chief, Research Section
Office of Technical Information
and Educational Programs

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter or document.

Friday 26, 1961 8:30 o'clock
Dear Mrs. Kennedy:
Just a note to tell you that we saw an orange object, kite shaped, fly southeast over our house at 8:00 pm last night.
It hovered for a few minutes and then sped away at tremendous speed completely out of sight in a matter of seconds. It was an amazing sight, and my husband and I were both amazed at this unusual occurrence.
I hope this information will be of some value to you.
Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 11 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It shows a handwritten note that says "3 not exhibited". The rest of the text appears to be "Smyrna Delaware".

Based on the OCR analysis, the text in the document is:

3 not exhibited
Smyrna Delaware

- page 12 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet with a questionnaire to be filled out regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information must be as accurate as possible. The information must be given in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
1. When did you see the object? SUNDAY MORNING 9:57 AM
2. Time of day: (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? SMYRNA, DELAWARE
5. How long was object in sight? 15 MINUTES
6.1 How was time in sight determined? CERTAIN
6.2 If not very sure, how certain? a. Very certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to you and the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right

AFTO FORM 164 THIS FORM SUPERSEDES AFTO I64, 19 OCT 54.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with questions and checkboxes related to observations of objects in the sky.

3. If you saw the object or NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember 

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star?
Yes No

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Speed up and then parts suddenly disappear? Yes No Don't Know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
f. Flicker or flutter? Yes No Don't Know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
(Circle all that apply)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Binoculars Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Side window Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other Yes No

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with various questions and instructions for the witness to fill out.

16. In a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape - round
b. Color - Orange

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any wings, propulsions, etc., and indicate the size in proportion to your drawing. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The drawing shows what appears to be a round, orange object.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Check One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

16. In a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape - round
b. Color - orange

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any wings, propulsions, etc., and indicate the size in proportion to your drawing. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Check One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember 

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 15 -

