The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a project record card from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The card documents an observation of some type of object on January 17, 1961 near Troy, Ohio. The "Type of Observation" indicates it was observed visually and by radar. The "Brief Summary of Sighting" describes a light that crossed the sky and "exploded" without any sound. The "Conclusions" section provides more details about the observation, noting that the object was reported to have returned and exploded and that attempts were made to contact witnesses, though the report is categorized as "Insufficient Data".

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
17 Jan 61
2. LOCATION
2 1/2 MI. N. of Troy, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
L-30 1901 02
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
G Ground-Radar
5. COURSE
NE
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8 min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Light traveled across sky, disappeared (?) to reappeared and exploded. No sound. Gave appearance of jet except much faster.
13. CONCLUSIONS
P Was a Satellite
P Was Aircraft
P Was Balloon
P Insufficient Data for Evaluation
Other: Comments witness reported shape of object as circular with no colors seen. Object was reported to have returned and exploded. Attempts to contact witnesses for analyze were not successful. Information is insufficient for a complete analysis.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that have been observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for statistical purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in any publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 7 JAN 63
2. Time of day: 7:00 Hour 20 Minutes A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? ABOUT 2 MILES NM OF TROY, OHIO
5. How long did you observe the object? Hours 5 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Bright, Cloudy b. NIGHT: Bright, Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your left overhead e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images, it appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document with a questionnaire. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and transcribe all the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright moonlight
d. Dull moonlight
e. No moonlight - pitch dark 
f. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Little less brighter

11. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No  Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Change in size? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No  Don't Know 
If it moved behind: 

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: 
(Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
(Circle One for each) 
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No  
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions and fields for the observer to fill out.

Text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Light

17. Describe the object with show the details of the object such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially the exhaust trails or vapor trails, if any, and also place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving:
Like a craft, internal + external

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2 or 3 objects were traveling.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire with handwritten responses.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the reported UFO sighting.

OCR Text Output:
25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you can be familiar with bearing sense (compass direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North_________degrees.
b. From horizon___________degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North_________degrees.
b. From horizon___________degrees.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It consists of two sketches or drawings:

1. The first sketch shows a curved line with an object rising above it, resembling an explosion or burst of energy.

2. The second sketch shows two larger sketches - one of a landscape with buildings and trees, and a smaller sketch of a person standing on a road with hills in the background.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (k) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to
indicate how high the object was when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 7 -

This image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text on the page is as follows:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)	WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky	a. Dry
b. Hazy	b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds	c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Thick or heavy clouds	d. Snow
e. Overcast

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Date - Month - Year - W-2 AFB

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)	Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)	Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
This info is on the 'Redacted' portion of the image.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? 
(Circle One)	Yes No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[No response provided]

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

OCR Text Output:
39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No [Redacted]
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No [Redacted] 
41. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: 55 Sex: [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Redacted]

- page 9 -

