The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, containing various fields to be filled out such as location, date, type of sighting, and a brief summary of the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 20 APR 61
2. LOCATION: Sheridan, Wyoming
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
4. TYPE OF SIGHTING: Ground-Air
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: One
6. PHOTOS: 9 Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: One
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: According to the report, the sighting lasted about 10-15 seconds. The witness stated that he observed a brilliant light which seemed to be about twice the size of a star. The light moved rapidly and changed direction several times in an erratic manner. No sound was heard. The report states that the witness "was quite certain that this was not a conventional aircraft".

- page 1 -

Unfortunately, there does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text only.

Text in the document:

Several, the end a

I nt. 636L
was a

it I could be

of the e t

for

the

I gave I
minutes

o' clock, and wa that was I was stair and me by an

had been I did not go around look at all that way, the I can be see, I'm I, that was I

was the It wa I was in the house In the way. It was

just befor re up and down. I did not seen

I saw was in the ing look. It I was in the

That what I can

were seen was of did not see anything, I did not wt
of looked like we could not say. As nor were seen to be thi

nor what,
thing th ne were thing and as far a
t not seen, I can say and can then

I had not been an d in the

name before me. I had been there d
It is just a ything that I can abo

I was in the house in I have not be
I do believe I wan tho s, I

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document, presumably a report from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR system output:

The sighted at about 6:15 p.m. on April 4, 1961 while driving west on U.S. Highway 14 near Sheridan, Wyoming. The object was first observed approximately 9 miles west of Sheridan, Wyoming and was seen for about 3 minutes.

The object was described as round and silver in color. It appeared to be rotating clockwise and at times would appear to vibrate or oscillate. The object was estimated to be about 80-100 feet in diameter and was flying at an estimated altitude of 4,000 to 5,000 feet above the ground. The object was observed to be flying in a straight and level course at a speed estimated to be 500-700 mph. 

The weather at the time was clear with unlimited visibility. The object was observed by two military personnel, one an officer and one an enlisted man. Both stated that the object was unlike any aircraft they had ever seen before. After about 3 minutes, the object suddenly accelerated and rapidly disappeared from sight to the west.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text that has been redacted or obscured.

Text from the document:

Some of what was at first of little consequence now appears to be very significant, when seen in the light of other data which has come to light. It is significant that the report states that the object passed close over the car in which the observers were travelling, and that it appeared to be following or pursuing the car. This suggests the possibility that the object may have been deliberately tracking or observing the car and its occupants. The fact that the object executed a "sweeping arc" and then returned to the point where it had first been observed also suggests that it may have been intentionally manoeuvring in order to observe or monitor the car and its occupants. The report also notes that the object was seen on two separate occasions, with the second observation occurring some time after the first. This raises the possibility that the object may have been conducting some form of extended surveillance or monitoring of the area or the car and its occupants over a period of time.

- page 4 -

