There is no photograph present in the image provided. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card documenting a UFO sighting.

Project 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 2. LOCATION 3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Jan 6, 1961         Near Dayton, Ohio     Ground-Visual
4. DATE TIME GROUP
6:55 PM Jan 61
5. PHOTOS O Yes
6. DURATION OF OBSERVATION
1.0 min
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 sec
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 
1
9. MEANS OF OBSERVATION
Ground-visual
10. WEATHER CONDITIONS
Overcast
11. COURSE
Appeared to go out. Size of quarter. Very fast. 
12. CONCLUSIONS
Was Balloon identified as Weather Balloon? Yes
Was object definitely aircraft? No
Was object definitely astronomical? No
Was object explainable? Yes
Was object probably explainable? Yes
Insufficient Data for Evaluation? No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned document with a UFO analysis sheet.

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
Location: East of Dayton, Ohio
Date (Local): 8 Jan 61
Hour (Local): 17:22
Hour (GMT Time Gr): 22:22
Satellites: (Det 5 ATIC, Ext 3879)
Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc): Rm 5 tral
Radar Analysis (ACPIC-Hq): 
Natural Phenomena (Bell lightning, etc):
Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc:
Other:
Evaluation of Source Reliability: Unknown
Analysis and Conclusions: The white points seen in the sky were identified as a military jet and the moon and stars. The witness saw the lights for about 5 minutes and reported good reliability. This seems to be a natural phenomena.

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified flying object sightings.

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with the information you give. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? - May 29
2. Time of day: (Circle One): 1.A.M. or P.M. 
3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
   b. Central
   c. Mountain
   d. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? - Xenia, Ohio, State of County
5. Estimate how long you saw the object. 1 Minutes Seconds 30
6. Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5: a. Certain - b. Fairly certain - c. Not very sure - d. Just a guess
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. Ahead of you - b. Behind you - c. To your right - d. Overhead - f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it shows a page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book document or UFO report. 

Output of the text found in the document:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):  
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight 
c. Dull moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? 
(Circle One): a. Yes    b. No    c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle One): a. A little or more away (o distant car)?    b. Several blocks away?    c. A block away?    d. Several yards away?    e. Other:

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
b. Break up into parts or explode? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
c. Give off smoke or exhaust? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know 
d. Change brightness? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
e. Change shape? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
f. Flutter, soar, or dive? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
g. Jiggle, wobble, or oscillate? (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid?   b. Transparent?   c. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses: (Circle One) Yes   No
b. Binoculars: (Circle One) Yes   No
c. Telescope: (Circle One) Yes   No
d. Windshield: (Circle One) Yes   No
e. Window glass: (Circle One) Yes   No
f. Theodolite: (Circle One) Yes   No
g. Other:

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a form or report related to a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

15. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound NO
b. Color GRAY (DULL)

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, propellers, etc. This drawing should show the object as you actually saw it. Place a ( ) around the drawing to show that it is a drawing.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Clearly outlined or defined
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Shiny or bright
d. Sharply outlined
e. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old document or report. The page is filled with text and questions about an unidentified flying object or phenomenon.

OCR output:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction along the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand at arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
f. Half dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very certain
d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? Appeared to distance slowly

24. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you were trying to describe the object to an artist who would make a sketch of it. How large would you say the object was in comparison with the common objects listed in Question 22? What color or colors would you say it was? What shape would you say it was? What other features or details would you say it had, such as wings, lights, or other unusual details?

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

Text extracted from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. On an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes / No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. East b. South c. West d. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees. 
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 7 -

The image contains three sketches. The first sketch is a curved line with a point marked "A" on it, representing an object seen above the horizon. The second sketch shows a larger view of the scene, with the object's position marked as "A" and "B" to indicate its movement. The third sketch depicts a landscape with a person on a road.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
1. Clear Sky
2. Few
3. Scattered clouds
4. Thick or heavy clouds
5. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
1. Dry
2. Rain
3. Moderate or heavy rain
4. Snow
5. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
1. Cold
2. Cool
3. Warm
4. Hot
5. Don't remember

33. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day ___-____ Month ___

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
35.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? 
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire with handwritten responses.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes. No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Very fast m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes. No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Street, [Redacted] City, [Redacted] Zone [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
What is your present job? 
Age: - Sex: -
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had:
a. Grade school b. High school c. College (Type) d. Post graduate

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1 - 8 - 61 Day Month Year

- page 10 -

