This page from the Project Blue Book report does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a record card with various fields filled out, likely detailing a UFO sighting report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 9 MAY 51
2. LOCATION Astoria, New York
3. DATE-TIME GROUP 2100
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS No
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 15 MIN
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Radar operator at an Air Force radar station detected an unidentified target which moved rapidly in an erratic pattern. The object was visually observed by the radar operator and other personnel, who described it as reddish-orange in color and shaped like a flattened sphere. The object moved at a high rate of speed and changed directions abruptly. It was tracked on radar and visually observed until it disappeared from view.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
9. COURSE Erratic
10. COMMENTS: The radar operator and other personnel made a detailed report of this sighting. The object was tracked on radar and visually observed for approximately 15 minutes before disappearing. The nature and characteristics of the object suggest it was not a conventional aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image contains two sketches or illustrations. The top sketch shows a bright, glowing object in the sky against the horizon. Below it, the second sketch shows a panoramic view of a landscape with a person standing in the foreground.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve high on the object you see. Then, draw a line from the point "A" to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position where the object was when you first saw it. For a smaller sketch as an example, if the object is smaller than the example, draw it in approximately the same relative size.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, containing a series of questions and answers about the reported sighting.

CLOUDS (Circle One)
1. Clear sky
2. Hazy
3. Scattered clouds
4. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
1. Dry
2. Fog, mist, or light rain
3. Moderate or heavy rain
4. Snow
5. Don't remember

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

Please list their names and addresses:

Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other objects?

In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
(Answer given is text in handwriting)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and fields for responses.

The text in the document is as follows:

29. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No)

41. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

NAME:
ADDRESS:
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
Age:
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be relevant.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a section for handwritten information.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
SUMMARY DATA
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, the following instructions should be carefully observed. This is the only information that we have on the details of this report, so please give us all the information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further pertinent data. Try to present the details in a logical order in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be used if necessary.

NAME :
SIGNATURE :
DATE :

[The rest of the handwritten text has been redacted to protect privacy]

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

As per your request, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

Vn June 7, 1961 a frail 64 year old woman, Mrs. Ethel Hass, living at 11-44 31st Avenue, Astoria, New York, reported seeingwhat she believed to be a UFO during the afternoon at approximately 2:15 PM. 

Mrs. Hass stated that she was standing on the front lawn of her home when she noticed a strange object in the sky to the west of her location. The object appeared to be cigar-shaped and was hovering approximately 2,000 feet in the air. Mrs. Hass estimated the object to be about 50 feet in length.

According to Mrs. Hass, the object remained stationary for several minutes before suddenly accelerating and disappearing from sight at a high rate of speed. Mrs. Hass stated that the object made no sound and did not leave any visible trails or markings in the sky.

Mrs. Hass immediately contacted the local police department to report the sighting. The police in turn notified the Air Force authorities at Mitchell Air Force Base, who then dispatched investigators to interview Mrs. Hass and inspect the area.

The investigators reported that Mrs. Hass appeared to be a credible witness and that her description of the object was consistent with other UFO sightings logged by Project Blue Book. However, no physical evidence or corroborating witnesses were found to substantiate Mrs. Hass' account.

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Public Information Office
Special Report No. 14
Washington 25, D.C.

Date: 86251

This letter is being written at the suggestion, and request of, an informed citizen of Astoria, New York. Mr. 25251 contacted this office May 23, 1961, and provided data related to an alleged sighting of an unidentified flying object at Astoria, New York, on May 23, 1961.

Major William T. Coleman
Base Intelligence Officer
Mitchel Air Force Base
Hempstead, New York
Pantagon Building
Washington 25, D. C.

Reference searching observed object was to point out that writer and informants were able to obtain extensive information from various sources in an area of sufficient interest to justify further consideration.

Tuesday, May 23, 1961, observed from windows of Astoria, New York, dwelling between 2213 and 2300 hours approx. an orange-red object, apparently disc-shaped, hovering in east-northeast area of sky. Estimated size 30-35 feet diameter, estimated altitude 2,500 to 3,000 feet. Subject remained stationary for approximately 10 minutes, then moved at high rate of speed in southerly direction and disappeared from view.

The sky and light condition was clear, visibility excellent. This visual sighting corroborated by several witnesses. A very interesting and unusual sighting.

Data is submitted for your evaluation and information.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribed text from the document:

Public Information Office
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.
Dear Sir:
This letter is being written at the suggestion, and with the approval, of Major William H. Gammon, 0-345, for information concerned with an incident which occurred on May 23, 1961.

Major William T. Coleman
0-246, Project Information
Pentagon Building
Washington 25, D.C.

Before reporting observed object wish to point out that writer did not see object but received information from witnesses.

Tuesday, May 23, 1961, observed a fast moving object, brilliantly lighted, approaching from a southwesterly direction and disappearing in an area of Plover Watch Company, 75-20 Astoria Boulevard, Jackson Heights, who may have had better observation.

The sighting was brief, clearly visible, definitely not an aircraft. It seemed to be an elongated object, rapidly moving, luminous in color, approximately 1/2 the size of a full moon.

Felt it was an optical illusion to verify assumption based on present knowledge.

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The image shows only text and a redacted signature at the bottom.

Turning to the OCR output of the text in the document:

Considering with subject release of some fragments of platform or object (approximately 4'x3') which was thought to be connected with some classified planes. Examination of parts revealed some information on physical characteristics, type of construction, materials used, manufacturing methods, etc. But no positive identification could be made as to the identity of the object. Possibility of its being remainsof unidentified flying object cannot be ruled out.

In viewing the attached photos between 1200 a.m. and approximately 0300 a.m. object was estimated to be 1 mile or less in size and was estimated to be about 500 feet off the ground. No sound or trail of passage was observed by the watcher. Apparently the object made no landing or take-off run and just disappeared from sight.

Not being mechanically or scientifically trained, hope this data will prove of interest and enable you to evaluate further if required.

Yours very truly,
[Redacted]

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information you provide will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name and address will not be used in any statements, conclusions, or publications without your consent. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you further details.
1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? 
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
ATIC 69/404 This form supersedes ATIC 165. Mar 53.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to observing and describing a UFO sighting.

TRANSCRIPT OF TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. STARS (Circle One)
1. A few
2. Many
3. Can't remember

b. MOON (Circle One)
1. Bright moonlight
2. Dull moonlight
3. No moonlight — pitch dark
4. Can't remember

9. The object appeared: 
(Circle One) a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?  
No

11. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Can't remember
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Can't remember  
c. Seem to jerk or dart here and there? Yes No Can't remember
d. Change brightness? Yes No Can't remember
e. Change shape? Yes No Can't remember
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Can't remember
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Can't remember

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One) Yes No IF you know, answered Yes.

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No IF you know, answered Yes.

14. Did the object appear: 
(Circle One) a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
(Circle One for each)
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Wind shield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Other Yes No

- page 11 -

The image contains a sketch or drawing of an unidentified flying object (UFO). It appears to be an oval-shaped object with some additional details inside the oval shape.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color: No color specified

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in the picture any details of the object such as its size, shape, color, and any unusual features.

The sketch provided shows an oval-shaped object with some internal details.

18. The size of the object was:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined 
c. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

The sketch only shows a single unidentified object, and no additional objects are mentioned.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Please show the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match or arm's length in line with a known object. If you had any informed this angular size of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance which you saw.

- page 13 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

26. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building -
b. In a car
c. On the ground
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete these:
29.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast
e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast
e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast
e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees between true north and the object's position when you first saw it.
31.1 Where it first appeared: a. Degrees: b. From horizon: b. degrees. c. degrees
31.2 Where it disappeared: a. Degrees: b. From horizon: b. degrees. c. degrees

- page 14 -

