There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

OCR Text Output:

1. DATE
2. DATE-TIME GROUP  6 Oct 61
3. TYPE OF SIGHTING  Ground-Visual 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION  Drawn-Visual
5. PHOTOS  None
6. DURATION  2-3 minutes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION  2-3 minutes
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS  1
9. COURSE OF OBJECTS  Stationary
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING  Small gray, green, and yellow, spinning object low on horizon for 2-3 minutes. Abrupt end, object disappearance.
11. COMMENTS  Unidentified, attitude, position, and direction difficult to determine. Sound called in with no verification. Case closed.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a form for the observer to fill out their information and observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and used as accurately as possible, please follow the instructions below in completing this form. Your answers to the questions that you have already given on the questionnaire, and add any further information or details that you believe are important. Try to present the details of your observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be used if necessary.

NAME: [REDACTED] 
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED]
DATE: 10-8-[REDACTED]

The handwritten text in the form states: "It was winter, white, 10' high, with a white light near the top, made a high pitched whirring noise went north for a while then went down very fast."

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet that contains a questionnaire about sighting an object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information they will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your cooperation will be greatly appreciated.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 2:4 Hour A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: City or Town
Additional remarks:
5. How long was object in sight?
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day: Clear, Bright, Overcast, Stormy, Other
b. NIGHT: Clear, Cloudy, Bright, Dark
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD JUL 6 1 164 This form supersedes ATIC 14, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document with a questionnaire form containing questions about the sighting of the object at night, the stars and moon, the object's appearance, movement, and other observations.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. (Don't remember)
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Full moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, d. (Don't remember)

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. (Don't remember)

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS?

11. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow down at any time? YES NO
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO
d. Give off smoke? YES NO
e. Change brightness? YES NO
f. Flash or flicker? YES NO
g. Change shape? YES NO
h. Disappear and reappear? YES NO

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING, OR AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered Y, it moved behind.

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING, OR AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered Y, it moved in front of.

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING? (Circle One for each)
a. Eyeglasses: Yes No
b. Sun glasses: Yes No
c. Windshield: Yes No
d. Window glass: Yes No
e. Binoculars: Yes No 
f. Telescope: Yes No
g. Theodolite: Yes No
h. Other: Yes No

- page 4 -

The image appears to contain a form with instructions and a drawing space, but does not contain any photographs or images of people. The text in the image is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound 
b. Color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or object. Label and include in your drawing the number, position, etc., and especially indicate which of the object that you saw such as wings, protruding, etc. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Drawing of a circular or ring-shaped object with arrows pointing to the left]

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a questionnaire or survey about UFO sightings.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" or "B" at the ends of the path, or "C" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words any common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance which you saw.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section
b. In the residential area
c. In the open country
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest  

28.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop to get a better look at the object? 
(Circle One)   Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing compass direction, try to estimate the number of degrees it was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon.
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North ___________ degrees.
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___________ degrees.
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.

- page 7 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved horizon line with an object or phenomenon in the sky above it. The second sketch shows a landscape scene with a silhouetted figure in the foreground.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) Output:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the sketch to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place on "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete this.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One) 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Night
Month - Year
To - Witness

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: (Blacked out)

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see it?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)  YES (NO)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)  YES (NO)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name First Name
ADDRESS: Street City
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
Age: 40  Sex: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be relevant.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 Day 10 Month

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to gather information about UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, the following space is for writing out rather complete description of the event that you observed. Past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and any further statements or sketches that you believe are important. Try to preserve the details of the event in the order that they occurred and add any additional pages if they are needed.

NAME (Please Print)
SIGNATURE
DATE

- page 11 -

The image contains a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, but it does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information concerning unidentified aerial phenomena. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 9-30-61 Month  Year

2. Time of day: Hour (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving Time 
b. Standard Time

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or Country 
Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight? Hours Minutes Seconds

5-1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright a. Bright
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM AUG 61 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 58, which is obsolete.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions about the details of a UFO sighting.

Project Blue Book
1961-10-8694191-Baltimore-Maryland.pdf13.txt

8. IF you saw the object AT NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One):
a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No
c. Break up into parts or separate? Yes No
d. Change brightness? Yes No
e. Change shape? Yes No
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
If moved behind: Yes No Don't know. IF you answered No:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
In front of: Yes No Don't know.

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One):
a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified object. The sketch shows an oval-shaped object with a wavy, trailing edge.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound __ round __
b. Color __ white __

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include important features such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show the direction the object was moving.

The image shows the hand-drawn sketch as requested in question 17.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. (Circle One) Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Other __

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from what appears to be a Project Blue Book report, containing several questions and blank spaces for answers.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, or "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match at arm's length so that the match is in line with a known object. If you had performed this test, what was the result?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a comment object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance which you saw.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section
b. In the residential section
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did it happen to notice it?
_____________________________________

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _______________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) 
Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees it appeared to be:
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North (give exact)_________degrees.
b. From horizon___________degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North___________degrees.
b. From horizon___________degrees.

- page 16 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a silhouetted figure in the foreground with a semicircular object in the sky above the horizon. The second sketch shows a landscape with a silhouetted figure in the foreground and a semicircular object in the sky.

TEXT:
32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve of the object that was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve of the object when you last saw it. 

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it. Refer to a similar sketch as an example of how to complete this.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Output:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Month:
Year:

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes     No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes     No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) YES    No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see it?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I don't know

- page 18 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which contains a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] 
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: 14 Sex: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be relevant.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 Day 10 Month

- page 19 -

