The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6 Oct 61
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1795322
5. PHOTOS: None
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: object appeared slightly larger than airplane, bright silver in color, flashing lights, moved faster than airplane.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document or handwritten report.

FROM POPOVITC
34-335-
2 others AKRON OHIO
AM 17 th UFO 3 /
/129
/28/55 I cab average
HIGHERS NO SOLDS
a/nost 5 sears anguished

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and observations. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 31 Oct, 61
2. LOCATION: Canton, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2115-2125
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 
   Ground-Radar
   Ground-Visual
   Air-Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 40 min
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: many
9. COURSE: varied
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: "Report in saucer fan" states that many objects were seen in the sky performing various maneuvers. The objects were not accompanied by sound and random movement was noted.
11. COMMENTS: Found Gil bookend for UFO? Seemed to be training flight to prevent logical attempt at evaluation. Case listed as an unidentifiable report.
12. CONCLUSIONS:
    Was Balloon
    Probably Balloon
    Possibly Balloon
    Was Aircraft
    Probably Aircraft
    Possibly Aircraft
    Was Astronomical
    Possibly Astronomical
    Other - Insufficient Data for Evaluation
    Unknown

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 6 OCT 61
2. Time of day: 9:15 Hours 5 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? ST. CLAIR SPIRT, City or Town CANTON OHIO, State or Country
5. How long was object in sight? Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: Hazy NIGHT: Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right
(The image does not contain any other text or information beyond what is shown in the provided questionnaire form.)

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:
8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight -- pitch dark d. Don't remember
9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember
10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star?
No shape - only as bright as star
11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes - No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes - No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes - No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke or exhaust? Yes - No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Became dimmer
f. Change shape? Yes - No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes - No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes - No Don't Know
12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes - No Don't Know
13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes - No Don't Know
14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes - No
b. Sun glasses Yes - No 
c. Windshield Yes - No
d. Window glass Yes - No
e. Telescope Yes - No
f. Binoculars Yes - No
g. Other

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a report document with a form to be filled out. The form asks the observer to describe the object, including its sound and color, as well as to draw a picture to show the shape and details of the object. There are also questions about the edges of the object and whether there was more than one object observed.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Unusual  
b. Color Bright amber

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star 
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) reports.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 7 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Observing and describing signs and patterns 
25. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________________________

26. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Watching for flying objects

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North 
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast 
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from (true North) (this east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North _________degrees.
b. From horizon _________degrees.

31.2 When it last appeared:
a. From true North _________degrees. 
b. From horizon _________degrees.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Day: ___________ Month: September Year: 1961

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No 
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
The idea

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about sighting an unidentified object.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes. The handwritten response is "5 min, very fast".

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes. The handwritten response is "far".

41. Please give the following information about yourself: NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER, Age, Sex, and Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 / 8/61.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force technical information sheet or report.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

Oct 25-28 - 1957
Started through green glassic, one mile above & tan
buck down - all four went together in straight line. Riidc
then went to pamplomas to call Ege dowr
and got mich farther away & partly disappe1
western ski (first out.) stars are 45 degreers
to east.

Deorge 91 619 , 5 mins, 10 , August, gem west 2 mins. Movement - object approched sun - Dose to Patten. If special paper

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for additional details.
1. When did you see the object? 7 -7 -61 Month Year
2. Time of day: 9 Hour 3 0 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Residential Street City or Town State or Country
5. How long was object in sight? 5 -1 Hours Minutes Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Clear Hazy Overcast b. NIGHT: Clear Hazy Overcast
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. To the left of you d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document page from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. government study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the document reads:
"Lights got brighter. Lights faded out.
4 lights faded out volatile.
On the of a sudden - second another
appear'd Seemed to was brighter.
Thorny trees. Close."

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

No Case (Information Only)
late October 1961
Fall River Mills, California

The text describes an interesting sighting of flashing lights that occurred in late October in Fall River Mills, California. The report states that the witness saw two smaller objects break off from a larger object and move to different areas, flashing lights. The witness called the "mother ship" and turned to the "other ship" and went a few hundred feet closer, before the objects turned and accelerated. The report provides additional details about the sighting, including the time, location, and witness descriptions.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a textual description of a UFO sighting. 

The text describes a "spectacular flying saucer" that hovered near the Smithsonian satellite-observing station in Curacao, British West Indies on the night of October 27, 1958. The object was observed by the station crew and was described as a "brilliantly glowing object" that was moving erratically and fluctuating in brightness. After watching it for nearly an hour, the observers concluded that the object must be less distant than it seemed, and went out by car to get a closer look. However, when they approached the area where the object had been, the mystery was solved.

The text further mentions that a plantation manager and his servant observed the object from a field, and that a pressure lantern that was hanging from it was a "lighted pressure lantern" [14].

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a text document that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now transcribe the text found in the document:

Walter S. Dornfeld and John D. Drazba
Investigate a UFO Report on October 8, 1961
at Canton, Ohio.

The object appeared to be about 50 feet in diameter and 15 to 20 feet thick. It had flashing lights around its perimeter and a bright light on the underside which appeared to illuminate the ground beneath it. The object made no noise and was observed for approximately 15 minutes before it suddenly accelerated and disappeared from view.

- page 16 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page. The text on the page appears to be a handwritten or typed description of some kind of encounter or sighting.

Oct. 17, 1961 RAMSEY, PA. - At about 11:46 p.m. I've been in UFO formation in the sky for about 4 or 5 minutes. than a dull glow, and alter four times as large. This is all the information I can give you on this incident. I saw the object and other two times are shown.

- page 17 -

The image contains a blurry photograph that appears to depict a bright light or object in the sky. The document describes an encounter with a "frightening UFO encounter" reported by Mr. and Mrs. Richard DeSelle in Canton, Ohio on October 23, 1961. The document provides details of the sighting, describing the object as a "brilliant ball of white light" that "flashed and blinked and suddenly disappeared". The text also mentions that the object was initially thought to be an airplane, but the strange behavior and disappearance of the object led the witnesses to conclude it was a UFO.

No Case (Information Only)
22 October 1961
New Mexico

Another frightening UFO encounter--
A 50-mile chase was reported by Mr.
and Mrs. Richard DeSelle, 1531 Shirley
Ave., Canton, Ohio. On the night
of Oct. 23, they saw a "wcirdaer
'brightly illuminated object' suddenly
flash in the sky. It seemed to be
about the size of a basketball. It
flashed and blinked and suddenly
disappeared from sight.

"At first I thought it was an airplane
making an emergency landing," Mrs.
DeSelle told the local newspaper, The
Canton Repository. "But the strange
maneuver of the object as it flashed
back into the sky, DeSelle
estimated that it may have been
travelling at over 1,200 miles an
hour when it disappeared. The
reflection was quickly dispersed.
With the disappearance of the
object, we were filled with
astonishment and wonder--and
a little apprehension," Mrs. DeSelle
said. "There was no noise and no
trail. The object just vanished."
"It seemed very real to us,"
they both commented. "We weren't
imagining it. There were no other
witnesses, but we know what we saw."

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text.

Transcribing the text from the document:

"APRCC SCJIE 1951 July 1961

An unidentified flying object was observed by Mr. and Mrs. Richard DuSte of Canton, Ohio, on July 14, 1961.

At approximately 10:00 P.M. EDT, while watching television in their living room, Mrs. DuSte observed a bright light in the southwest sky. She called her husband's attention to it, and he also observed the object.

The object appeared to be stationary at first, but then began to move rapidly in a zigzag or erratic pattern. it changed directions several times, sometimes moving horizontally, sometimes vertically, and sometimes at an angle.

The object seemed to be a bright white light, about the size of a grapefruit when held at arm's length. It was much brighter than any star or planet in the sky. The object was observed for approximately 10 minutes.

According to Mr. and Mrs. DuSte, the object appeared to be several thousand feet above the ground. It did not seem to increase or decrease in size, nor did it appear to emit any smoke or vapor trail.

When the object finally moved out of sight to the southwest, Mr. DuSte and his wife observed what appeared to be a "trail of the moonlight" following the object. This "trail" remained visible for several minutes after the object had disappeared.

The DuStes stated that they were completely baffled by the object they observed, and they are convinced that it was not an airplane, satellite, or any other known type of aircraft. They described the object as unlike anything they had ever seen before."

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing typewritten text.

The text reads:

"Subject: UFO REPORT 
Location: Canton, Ohio
Date: 8 October 1961
Time: 3:40 a.m.
Shape: Semi-circular
Size: Approximately 30 feet wide, 12 feet high
Color: Bluish-white luminescence. 
Behavior: The object was observed hovering at a height of 20 to 30 feet above the ground. It was motionless at first, then it moved laterally in a horizontal path, with a slight undulating motion, at a moderate speed, and finally it shot straight up at a high rate of speed and disappeared. No sound was heard.
Witness: Mrs. Ernest K. Wilson, age 53, residing at 3340 Emerson Avenue NW, Canton, Ohio.
Weather Conditions: Clear, with a 5 mph wind from the northwest.
Remarks: The object was observed by the witness in front of her home, with a diffused reddish color on the trailing edge."

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, possibly from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

No Case (Information Only)
30 Oct '61
Derby, Pennsylvania

Lt. M. Derry, 34, of four apparently definite encounters (sightings) with unconventional aerial vehicles were reported by Capt. R. F. Barry, Jr., USAF, at the request of Headquartera USAF Office of Information Services. As required by current regulations, the incident was described as follows:

On the evening of 30 October, Lt. Derry was driving along a highway in the Derby area. At about 11:30 p.m. he spotted an object in the sky that appeared to be approaching. He stopped his car and watched as the object came closer. It appeared to be triangular in shape and was surrounded by a bluish-white glow which increased in intensity as the object neared. When the object reached a point about half a mile away, it suddenly accelerated at a terrific rate of speed and disappeared from sight within a few seconds. Lt. Derry jumped into his car and pursued the object, but the intense speed of the vehicle made it impossible to keep the object in sight, and it finally disappeared behind some trees. Lt. Derry reported that the glow increasing in intensity and the extremely rapid acceleration of the object were most impressive.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a table of UFO sightings on various dates, locations, observers, and evaluations.

1- 30 NOVEMBER 1961 SIGHTINGS

DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
-1-61 Dipoll, Ohio Military INSUFFICIENT DATA
-2-61 Pacific 70,125 W Pacific Military (WEATHER) SATELLITE
-2-11 Del Mar, California Military (RADAR) ASTRO (METEOR)
-3-61 New York City, New York Military (ASTRO (METEOR)
-5-61 Fort Lauderdale, Florida Military ASTRO (METEOR)
-6-61 Arlington Heights, Illinois Military (RADAR) INSUFFICIENT DATA
-7-61 Washington, D. C. Military INSUFFICIENT DATA
-9-61 30.05N 173.00S (Pacific) Military (VISUAL, SUNSPOT) ASTRO (METEOR)
-10-61 Gastlhies, Wiscomin Military INSUFFICIENT DATA
-11-61 Catalina, California Military (PHYSICAL SPECTRUM) Other (DROPSONDE)
-11-61 Dayton, Ohio Military (PHYSICAL SPECTRUM) Astro (VENUS)
-11-61 Guam 28.34N 163.42W (Pacific) Military ASTRO (METEOR)
-12-13 Dayton, Ohio Military SATELLITE
-12-13 Canton, Ohio Military Other (BALLUCINATION)
-13-61 San Mateo, California Military (PHOTO) INSUFFICIENT DATA
-15-61 Roseburg, Oregon Military INSUFFICIENT DATA
-15-61 Collings, Ontario, Canada 28.4N 69.05W (Atlantic) Military Other (MISSILE)
-15-61 Gettysburg, South Dakota Military Astro (METEOR)
-16-61 Dawson City, Canada Military Astro (METEOR)
-17-61 Lake Charles, Louisiana Military Astro (METEOR)
-17-61 Reidsville, North Carolina Military Astro (METEOR)
-17-61 40N 173W (Pacific) Military AIRCRAFT BALLOON
-18-61 Columbus, Ohio Military AIRCRAFT (METEOR)
-20-61 Kankakee, Illinois Military UNIDENTIFIED
-21-61 60 ML N of Norgon, Oregon Military IDENTIFIED
-23-61 Sioux City, Iowa Military Astro (METEOR)
-22-61 Denver, Colorado Military SATELLITE
-23-61 White Plains, New York Military BALLOON

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
DATE LOCATION SOURCE EVALUATION
8 Nov Universe, Nebraska Science News Ltr
6 Nov Pontiac Grove, Illinois News Clipping
10 Nov Baltimore, Maryland News Clipping
21 Nov Lihua, Hawaii News Clipping

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, presenting a questionnaire or survey with various questions about the observed object. The text on the page is transcribed below:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Full moonlight, c. Dim moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. As a light, b. Shiney, c. Dark, d. Don't remember

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS?

11. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know, c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know, d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know, e. Give off a trail? Yes No Don't Know, f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know, g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know, h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING? a. Eyeglasses Yes No, b. Sun glasses Yes No, c. Binoculars Yes No, d. Telescope Yes No, e. Windshield Yes No, f. Window glass Yes No, g. Theodolite Yes No, h. Other

- page 23 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound - blank
b. Color - White

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The witness has drawn a sketch titled "F Car Bartindale" showing an unspecified object.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle (One) - fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star - Sharply outlined
c. Other - blank

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
The witness has written "The next car arriving shortly. Kept at an angle upward going."

OCR Output:
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound - 
b. Color - White

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. 
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
F Car Bartindale

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle (One) - fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star - Sharply outlined 
c. Other - 

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
The next car arriving shortly. Kept at an angle upward going.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form with instructions and questions related to observing and describing an object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the length of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Much of the observation about / comparison to a familiar object.

- page 25 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
c. In a car
d. Airplane (type)

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Parked at start

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
g. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving?  miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop or slow down at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was
from true North (true north is zero north) and also the number of degrees it was elevated from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: From true North 67.5 degrees. Elevated from horizon 45 degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: From true North 65 degrees. Elevated from horizon 38 degrees.

- page 26 -

The image contains three sketches. The first sketch shows how the object was observed above the horizon, with a curved line to represent the horizon. The second and third sketches show the observed positions of the object, labeled "A" and "B", and provide guidance on how to complete the larger sketch.

The text in the document reads as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown as "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Month Year

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? (Circle One) Yes No 

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Uncertain

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you have information about the object other than its color and speed?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Age

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 - 9 - 61

- page 29 -

