The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card from the Project Blue Book files.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 7 Jun 61
2. LOCATION: Haverhill, Massachusetts
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
4. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 seconds
9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: The object was described as circular, white, and appeared to be rotating. Its brightness fluctuated and it was moving erratically. It disappeared rapidly behind some trees. The witness stated that the object appeared to be about 1,000 feet in the air and about the size of a nickel held at arm's length. It was observed for about 30 seconds.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

20 JULY 1961 SIGHTINGS
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE: 
13 July 1961
13 July 1961
14 July 1961

LOCATION: 
Mt. Pass, Texas/Alamagordo, New Mex
St. Marys, Ohio
St. Augustine, Florida

SIGHTINGS:
Newcastle lightnin
Heme For Record (Duty Officer)
(Lt.)

EVALUATION:
(Lt.)
Newcastle Lightning
Heme For Record (Duty Officer)
(Lt.)

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page appears to be a detailed written report describing a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

UNOF-30 (Major Connarn)

1. A report was received of a letter received by a civilian observer describing his observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) in the sky near Haverhill, Massachusetts on
22 June 1961. The informant states that he is enclosing a copy of the letter written by the observer concerning this incident.

2. According to the letter, the observer states that while riding in a car with his wife about 10:00 PM on 22 June 1961, he observed a strange object in the sky. The object was described as being about 50 feet in diameter, and it appeared to be a lighted, circular object. The observer states that the object hovered over the car for a few minutes, then shot away at a very high rate of speed. The letter indicates that the observer was quite concerned about this sighting and requested that the Air Force investigate the matter. The observer would appreciate a reply indicating if the Air Force had received the report and if any action would be taken.

3. The letter from the civilian observer is not attached. This report is being submitted for information only. No further action is contemplated by this office at this time.

S. A. SCH
Capt, USAF
Deputy for Science
DCS/Development

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It is a handwritten document with text.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Dear sir:

I have that reported sighting of a strange object in the sky on the evening of June 8, 1961, at Haverhill, Massachusetts. 

1) The object was seen to perform maneuvers which seemed to defy the laws of gravity and aerodynamics. It hovered, moved rapidly in various directions, and appeared to change shape.

2) The object emitted a bright light and at times appeared to be divided into sections.

3) The object was seen by several reliable witnesses, including a person who has had previous experience in observing and identifying aircraft.

4) The object was under observation for a considerable period of time.

5) The witnesses are certain that the object was not any known type of aircraft.

If you desire any further details, please advise.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with redacted text.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. A plausible tale, the like of which would be difficult to have witnessed by the writer and is considered most improbable. Accordingly, the statement is herein forwarded for your consideration.

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or document related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

July 20, 1961

Air Technical Intelligence Center, 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Gentlemen:

Enclosed is a duplicate copy of a USGS Report, the same as the object. She is not a NICAP member, I do not see a number.

I re-visited the UFO question since 1947 and re-examined certain reports not heretofore considered, and to be sure, in my opinion, a position is possible be built up and approved that the existing official position cannot be valid, considering that the USAF, according to their information, has conceded positions of fallacious and IRAC's position that this particular object is not considered. For reasons you may send were from 22 of the magazines to my wife.

I would add that although disclosure to the public would be embarrassing the USAF, I submit a dark disclosure to the public at this time would be best for the USAF to indentify the public as promptly as possible with certainty as to what I believe to be facts, however unpleasant they may be. As a citizen, I believe that any criticism of the USAF that may result would be less disastrous than the present political situation has become deteriorated with the public. There has been too much "double talk" in the past.

Yours sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. The document appears to be a portion of a Project Blue Book report, describing an observed unidentified object in the sky.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

SYNOPSIS:

The object was stationary in the sky and appeared solid.
It was angular-like, about 17 to 27 inches in diameter, and was about 6 to 7 feet above the ground. It was surrounded by a blue-white glow.
It was a cylinder with a dome on top and appeared to move almost vertically up and down with no noise.
It was motionless. I saw only one side of the object, which was a bright blue-white color. 
I have recalled that there must have been a low-flying aircraft in the area at the time, but I am not sure.

I gave this report to the U.S. Government but only say that it was an Unidentified Object in the sky.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
North 7-9424

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions developed in the course of NICAP's investigation. The conclusion of our investigation will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued Bulletins regardless of the results. Much of the information has been fully excised. The conclusions of our investigation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued Bulletins regardless of the results. Should you wish to retain this copy, attach a self-addressed stamped envelope.

1. Name: [REDACTED]
Address: [REDACTED]
2. Occupation: [REDACTED]
Education: [REDACTED]
Telephone: [REDACTED]
3. Local Time of Observation: [REDACTED]
4. How long did the object(s) appear in the sky? [REDACTED]
5. Please describe the weather conditions and the type of sky: clear, bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object(s) and the observer. [REDACTED]
7. If it was at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? [REDACTED]
8. How many objects were seen? [REDACTED]
9. If more than one, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating size, formation, etc.? (Please use additional sheets of paper, if necessary.)
10. Were the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? [REDACTED]
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. [REDACTED]
12. Did the object(s): [REDACTED]

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.

14. Was there any sound? [REDACTED]
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, (binoculars, windshield, etc.)?
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? [REDACTED] If so, what kind? [REDACTED]
17. Please tell if the object(s) can be compared to any known object: [REDACTED]

a. Flare or balloon
b. Satellite
c. Aircraft, known or unknown type
d. Other known object

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text extracted from the document:

13. Was the object:
Self-luminous?
Self-luminous?
Reflecting?
Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? 

20. Tell the details of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:

Pinhead
Pea
Dime
Half-dollar
Dollar

21. Or, if similar, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?

23. How did you happen to notice the object(s)?

24. Compare the apparent size of the object(s) with the size of a common object at the same apparent altitude. 

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate.

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch.

28. Sketch and indicate the direction of travel showing North your position, the direction from which the object(s) came, its path, elevation, time, size, color, shape, and other pertinent details.

30. Is there an airman, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? 

31. Have you seen other objects similar to this one? If so, when, where, and under what circumstances, using a separate sheet of paper.

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes or sketches if they might be of similar or supplementary interest. We will return the material if you wish.

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state when and what the results, if any, of this interrogation. We would like to have copies of any reports or records concerning the case. Please elaborate carefully.

34. State your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible civilians to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note that we may find it necessary to refer again to you for additional information.

35. Date of filling out this report: ____________________ Signature: _____________________

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a list of reported UFO sightings with various details about each sighting.

1 - 20 JULY 1964 SUMMARY
DATE LOCATION OBSERVER EVALUATION
JULY Ballinger, Maryland MILITARY INSUFFICIENT DATA
1-4 Daingerfield, Texas (Atlantic) ASTRO (WEATHER?)
5-4 Orlando, Florida ASTRO (LIGHT)
7-5 South Shore, Ohio INSUFFICIENT DATA
8-3 Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota MILITARY AIRCRAFT
8-4 Cleveland, Ohio INSUFFICIENT DATA
8-6 Simmesport, Louisiana INSUFFICIENT DATA
8-13 Glen Spey, New York CIVILIAN
8-23 Houma, La. (Buno) CIVILIAN ASTRO
9-4 Fairborn, Ohio CIVILIAN
9-6 Palmyra, New Jersey, Canada ASTRO (SATELLITE)
10-1 South Portland, Maine CIVILIAN
10-21 Washington, D.C. MILITARY
11-4 Fort Bragg, North Carolina MILITARY AIRCRAFT
12-5 Camp Lejeune, N.C. MILITARY AIRCRAFT
12-13 Burnside, British Columbia, Canada CIVILIAN ASTRO
15-4 Gloversville, New York CIVILIAN INSUFFICIENT DATA
19-1 Lake Placid, N.Y. CIVILIAN OTHER
20-1 Carp, Ontario MILITARY SATELLITE

DATE ASSESSMENT ADDITIONAL REPORTED DETAILS (NOT EVALUATED)
1 Sacramento, California News Clipping
4-5 Seaside, Oregon News Clipping
4-11 Mt. Hope, Pennsylvania News Clipping
9-10 Wilson, North Carolina News Clipping
11-4 Washington, North Carolina News Clipping
11 Gloversville, New York News Clipping
11 Jamestown, California News Clipping
15 Shell, California News Clipping

- page 10 -

