There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains various fields filled out with information about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 20 NOV 61
2. LOCATION: Englewood, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1320
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5-10 min
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: Erratic
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Round object like a full-moon in size, disappeared to S. Viewed in August and September.
11. COMMENTS: Possibly MOON and bright star - just below horizon and is probably distorted by atmospheric refraction, adding to confusion of witness. Had not noticed higher ceiling of moon on 26 Aug or consideration of aldeberan on 1 Sep 61.
12. CONCLUSIONS: [Blank]

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it shows a memo routing slip form. The text in the "REMARKS" section of the form lists some coordinates and measurements, but there are no photographs or images present in this document.

TEXT OUTPUT:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
NEVER USE FOR APPROVALS, DISAPPROVALS,
CONCURRENCES, OR SIMILAR ACTIONS
NAME OR TITLE
INITIALS
CIRCULATE
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION
DATE
INFORMATION
NOTES AND
RETURN
SIGNATURE
REMARKS
VENUS - IS - 20 - 12.46
12:00
-17' 20' 12.9"
MARS - 16 39 04.53" (R)
-7° 32' 39" (Decl)
JUPITER - 20 23' 04.3" (R)
-19' 56' 34.7" (Decl)
FROM NAME OR TITLE
DATE
ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION
TELEPHONE
DD FEB 50 95 Form 13, D, Nov 69, which may be used.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire for individuals to provide information about unidentified aerial phenomena they have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 10-27-61 Month Year 
2. Time of day: 11 Hours 75 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or Country
Additional remarks:
5. How long was object in sight? Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
ATIC FOR 164 This form supersedes ATIC 154, 13 Oct 54.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions about the observer's sighting of an unidentified object.

Project Blue Book: 1961-11-8698535-Englewood-Ohio.pdf4.txt

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight --- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? [Response not legible]

11. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes - No - Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what: [No response]

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes - No - Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what: [No response]

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

The text found in the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object. 
a. Sound Bright
b. Color Bright reddish-orange in color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a project blue book document containing a series of questions related to observing an unidentified object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Smaller star 3 star got nearer it made of different material it is not of this world in appearance.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Had just started to roll home but stopped to look at object

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees its elevation from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North degrees.
b. From horizon degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North degrees.
b. From horizon degrees.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. What were the weather conditions of the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Textual response]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Textual response]

- page 8 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about an unidentified object.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name [REDACTED] First Name [REDACTED] Middle Name [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: Street [REDACTED] City [REDACTED] State [REDACTED] Zone [REDACTED] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
Age: 37 Sex: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 NOV 61

- page 9 -

