The image does not contain any photographs. It shows a Project 10073 Record Card which appears to be a form used to document a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 15 OCT 61
2. LOCATION: Los Angeles, California
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0830
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Balloon
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 35 mins
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 3
9. COURSE: Straight
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Light brightest, then dimmed, some color change, high altitude /high speed/darting, hovering, pulsating, erratic. Several lights,all same color but size different. Lights appeared to increase/decrease in intensity. Observed through binoculars.
CONCLUSIONS: B. Probably Balloon

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image shows a page from what appears to be a UFO report document, containing a form with various questions related to the observation of an unidentified object.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In an open country/rural?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North 
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North 
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: ________ degrees.
a. From true North________ degrees.
b. From horizon ________ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ________ degrees.
b. From horizon ________ degrees.

- page 2 -

The image contains two sketches, but no photographs. 

The text produced by the OCR is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report form.

CLOUDS (Circle One) WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky a. Dry
b. Hazy b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds d. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Telephoe - police

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) YES No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) YES No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: [redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) YES No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It was a very strange sight. I have no idea what it could have been. It was neither an airplane nor a helicopter and it was something I have never seen before or since. It just seems to hang in the air and move very fast and also it had some running lights on it. My opinion is that it is some kind of secret test craft from some government or private research organization but I don't know for sure just what it could have been.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________________

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ___________________

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City State Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
Age 32 Sex Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. I have a light to moderate interest in flying saucers. I believe they exist and that some are extraterrestrial in origin. I have had a few experiences with unidentified objects, but none as spectacular as this one.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 Day 10 Month Year 1961

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It shows a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with handwritten text.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re- peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.
NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: 10-8-61
The handwritten text describes an apparent UFO sighting, including details about the object's appearance, movement, and behavior.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

T 930 minniles Creme audited, Oe co Scomemnced

at 10 p.m. and terminated at 10:30 p.m. on the night of October 8, 1961, at Los Angeles, Californid. The object was described Ty the veilnesses 05 a bright light initially and apparantry caused an electrical disturbance in the vicinity where oc eurred. The light was reported to be larger than a conventional aircraft light and was sieeight at intervals as it moved across the sky, finally disappearing in the distance. Tie size of the object was eatirated to Le approximately 30 to 40 feet in diameter, giving ont a bright glow or luminescence which lighted up the surronnding area. Other reports indicate@ ehat the object may have passed over the witness's home earlier in the evening, creating electrical disturbances. The witness who reported the incident is a retired member of the U.S. Air Force with over 30 years service and has maintained an active interest in the subject of unimertified flying objects. The object was observed for a short time only and was not vieibly tracked on radar. The incident is considered of interest since the witness is apparently a reliable observer and the object was observed at close range. However, there are no other corroborating reports and this sighting cannot be fully evaluated. Tho be siosoure nature of the phenomenon remains unexplained. 
and continued to pnroue the only object noted.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically an "Officer's Report" dated October 16, 1961.

HEADQUARTERS
OFFICE OF THE DEPUTY COMMANDER AFSC
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Air Force Unit Post Office, Los Angeles 45, California

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DGAA/J G Proctor/2510

SUBJECT: Extract from Staff Duty Officer's Report

TO: DDPR

The following is extracted from the DCAS Staff Duty Officer's Report for the period 13/08 to 0830 14 Oct 1961:

Person Reporting: Mrs. ____, age 34, telephone ______ and a companion, Mrs. ____, age 39, telephone _______. 

Latitude: It had a brilliant light like a spotlight. It covered for a short period, then moved very fast in an east-west direction and then went out.

The object was observed for 8 to 10 minutes and disappeared suddenly.
The sky was clear, no clouds or fog.

Report was received at approximately 2315.

S/ RAYMOND V. HOOD, JR.
DDO
Chief, Administrative Branch
Office of Administrative Services
1st Ind (COP) DCAS

18 October 1961

To: Wright-Patterson AFB
ATTN: RD-LRFC-R

1. For your information and action.

S/ DON T. CHENEY
1st Lt, USAF
Project Officer, Foreign Technology
Assistant for Foreign Technology

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an official envelope from the DCAS DCP AF Unit Post Office in Los Angeles, California, addressed to Wright-Patterson AFB in Ohio.

DCAS DCP AF UNIT POST OFFICE
LOS ANGELES 45, CALIF
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Attn: FTD
Dayton, Ohio

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book archives, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-E/Major Friend

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: Hq USAF (AFPOI-3c - Major Coleman)
1. Attached is a copy of a letter reporting the sighting of a UFO by two individuals.
2. The letter does not contain a valid conclusion. Therefore, request your office forward a questionnaire to each of the witnesses indicated in the letter.

EDWARD H. WILDT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

1 Atch
Ltr w/ltr Ind fm DAFB (DFC).

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter dated October 27, 1961 addressed to "Mrs. [redacted]" from William K. Coleman, Jr., Project UFO Officer, Public Information Division, Office of Information, U.S. Air Force.

The text of the letter is as follows:

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

We appreciate your reporting an unidentified flying object sighting to the Air Force Systems Command, Los Angeles.

We are enclosing the analyzed questionnaire which we would like you to complete, and mailing it in the self-addressed envelope, which we would like you to return to us.

Your interest in this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM K. COLEMAN, JR.
Project UFO Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet with a questionnaire for reporting UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that you provide this information as soon as it is determined necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? October 10 1961 
2. Time of day: 9 Hour 15 Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Los Angeles California
5. How long was the object in sight? 2 Hours 5 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Watched it for that length of time
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Hazy c. Partly Cloudy d. Overcast e. Other (describe) 
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. Directly in front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

ATIC FTD 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains a questionnaire or form with various questions and multiple-choice options.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off bright light? 
e. Change in brightness?
f. Change shape? /?!S*?/6<_"',,Jl:'-s1,4 f'l ~
g. Reach or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other Yes No

- page 13 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch depicting the observed object. The sketch shows a bright light with a surrounding hazy or blurred appearance. There are also some handwritten annotations describing the characteristics of the object, such as its shape, color, and edges.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Buzzing noise
b. Color - Silverish, translucent, beam

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as size, proportions, etc., and especially any structural details that you noticed.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
e. Can't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
(There is no indication in the image that more than one object was observed. The question is left blank.)

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, with handwritten responses to various questions about an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

(Handwritten response)
A figure - path - bright light - disappear more - brighter after 1-2 seconds

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

(Handwritten response)
Circular - full bright changing to dull and was somewhat larger than star and with greater intensity

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and see how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object could have been covered by the match head?

(Handwritten response)
Covered from a little less than a full match head and was somewhat brighter and larger than a star

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

(Handwritten response)
No - the object remained in sight - became dimmer and disappeared

24. In order that you can give a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

(Handwritten response)
Nothing I have ever seen before. Something totally unusual. Appeared to be lighted up and came to a point at the top and bottom. Not a star, plane, satellite or known object. Seemed to have no known form or shape of any known object but had the appearance of a flying object, lighted in some unusual manner never seen before to me. Moved in an unusual manner.

- page 15 -

