There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a Project 10073 Record Card with various fields filled out, including the date, location, type of object sighted, source, length of observation, brief summary of sighting, and conclusions.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 32-53-0901102
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 32-53-0901102
5. PREVIOUS: 32 MR
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 MR
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Bright light with a red glow, moving slowly. Object disappeared about 7 ft. in diameter. Obj. Appeared to be about 150' ft. in horizon.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was balloon, Possibly balloon, Possibly flare, Possibly aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? Sep 1 - 9 1961
2. Time of day: 10 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Parkersburg, West Virginia
5. How long was object in sight? 5 1/4 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Fairly certain b. Not very sure c. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Partly cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Overcast
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun in relation to you as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your rear e. Overhead f. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book containing a questionnaire or survey form related to a UFO sighting.

The text on the page is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight -- pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? Miladwright

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Hover? 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses b. Sun glasses c. Window glass d. Window glass

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire page from a UFO report document.

NONE

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - NONE
b. Color - Bright light with a red center like a revolving light

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Leave and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically show the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(There is a circle drawn on the form, but no other drawing or sketch is present.)

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle one) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Clearly outlined
d. Briefly outlined
e. Other

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
(No drawing or indication of multiple objects is present.)

- page 4 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It consists of a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a series of questions and answer fields related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
The image shows a hand-drawn oval shape, representing the motion of the unidentified object.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
The answer field contains the response: "Current object"

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The answer field contains the response: "About one inch"

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The answer field contains the response: "NO"

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
The answer field contains the response: "Wing lights of an ATC"

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with various questions and fields for the observer to fill out.

23. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other:

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Going out to see about the dog - noticed it while going out of the back door.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (similar to compass direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North ____80__ degrees.
b. From horizon ___15___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________degrees.
b. From horizon ____________degrees.

- page 6 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph, it is an image of a typed document page from what appears to be a project blue book report.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):	WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear sky	a. Dry
b. Hazy	b. Cloudy, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds	c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds	d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
March 6 (blank)

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
NO IDEA WHAT IT WAS - A BRIGHT LIGHT WITH RED FLASHING LIGHTS

- page 7 -

The image contains three sketches or illustrations, but no photographs. The sketches appear to be examples used in a document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book and UFO sightings.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved lines to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 4000 ft attitude ? miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS: Parkersburg, W.Va.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
Age: 42 Sex: M
Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. serving as a pilot for years a retired pilot

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 - FEB - 1961

- page 9 -

