The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 1002-S RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 8-5-61
2. LOCATION: Clayton, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2230Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 1 Visual
5. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 1 min
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 min
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Bright shiny obj like a star passed obj and went out of sight. Returned in NE and disappeared again. Tremendous speeds.
11. CONCLUSIONS: Possible Balloon? Possibly Aircraft, Possibly Astronomical, Insufficient data for Evaluation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an "U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet" that was filled out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used by the Air Force in evaluating and studying these incidents, and will not be released to unauthorized persons, agencies, or publications without your permission.

1. When did you see the object? 8-12-61
2. Time of day: 9:32 (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Clayton, State Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? Hours 5 Minutes 0 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Certain
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One) DAY: 1. Clear 2. Partly cloudy 3. Cloudy NIGHT: 4. Bright 5. Partly cloudy 6. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, containing a form that appears to be filled out with information about the sighting. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Yes

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and away at any time? Yes
c. Break up into parts or explode? No
d. Change brightness? Yes
e. Change shape? Yes
f. Flash or flicker? Yes
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One): a. Solid b. Semi-solid c. Transparent d. Vapor

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes
c. Windshield No
d. Window glass No

a. Binoculars Yes
f. Telescope Yes
g. Theodolite Yes
h. Other

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a form that the witness has filled out.

Extracted text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Passed with flashing bright light
b. Color - Bright white light

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 5. If a picture or how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.
7 to 8 objects, flew in an arc, moved away from me.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions and handwritten responses.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arms' length in line with a known object, and note how many times the object is contained in the angular size. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object could have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that we may obtain as precise as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when passed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Remainder not of interest.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? 
Settled for evening meal and noticed object appear during and remain in sight until meal completed.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)  
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular directions), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, featuring a form with various questions and answers filled out by the witness.

34. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy or scattered clouds 
c. Overcast
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT?
To FTD 3-8-55

36. WAS ANYONE ELSE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
(Circle One) Yes No

36.1 IF YOU ANSWERED YES, DID THEY SEE THE OBJECT TOO? 
(Circle One) Yes No

36.2 PLEASE LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES.
Address redacted

37. WAS THIS THE FIRST TIME THAT YOU HAD SEEN AN OBJECT OR OBJECTS LIKE THIS?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 IF YOU ANSWERED NO, THEN WHEN, WHERE, AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES DID YOU SEE OTHER ONES?

38. IN YOUR OPINION WHAT DO YOU THINK THE OBJECT WAS AND WHAT MIGHT HAVE CAUSED IT?
It's a strange illumination almost electric circular greenish in color

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, specifically from a document with the filename 1961-08-8299157-Clayton-Ohio.pdf8.txt.

The text in the document is as follows:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 3 times speed jet a/c

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Just about as far as within 10 miles above surface

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]  
ADDRESS: [redacted] DAYTON 29 OHIO  
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
Age: 76 Sex: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. [redacted] School worker at Radio Marine ne Dayton Ohio

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
1 - 2 - 64

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet or form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

The text in the document is as follows:
"This was not in the usual sighting. Someone I know saw a huge silvery object appear out of the sky a few feet above the ground. It is very fast and disappeared behind some trees. There appeared to be a lot of electrical or magnetic disturbance in the area and it is reported that several businesses and homes reported TV and radio interference."
"I PERSONALLY did not see the object."
"Being a retired Air Force Master Sergeant, I was called at 2332 on the night of the incident, since the man who called needed more information on how to report the incident. He was given instructions, and I was notified by the State Police headquarters of the matter. The local commanding officer was also informed at that time, since it was within his area of responsibility. B.A. Minnium, Major, USAF"

- page 9 -

