There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card containing text information about a UFO sighting report.

1. DATE: FEB 61
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0700/052
3. LOCATION: Forsyth, Montana (46°13' N 106°40' W)
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
5. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 30 MIN.
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Extremely bright, white lights, larger than star. First observed for elevation about horizon 20°. Disappeared down to horizon.
8. COMMENTS: It is PID conclusion that this Venus and that which should to misidentification due to meteorological A/C in general area at time of sighting factors also.

The text in the image has been accurately converted to the output above.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only text in the form of a typed report.

9 Air Division (Defenset) USAF
HQ: Strategic Air Command
ATIC: Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Colorado Springs, Colorado
Commander, 28 Air Division (Defense) USAF
Hamilton Air Force Base
California
Commander, Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Director of Intelligence
Headquarters, USAF
Washington, D.C.

(1) Description of the Objects:
a. Form - Round. 
b. Size - Described to be about size of a basketball, higher up became larger. Sometimes as large as a silver dollar, sometimes a basketball.
c. Color - Bright white, farther away it got, it turned red.
d. Number - One
e. Formation - N/A
f. Any distinguishable features or details - None
g. Trail, smoke, exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object - Unknown
h. Other pertinent or unusual features - None

(2) Description of the Observation:
a. Name and location of observer(s) - Unknown.
b. Elevation 800' - Altitude above ground.
c. Time and date of first observation - 0300Z, 8 February 1961.
d. Direction of object first observed - From overhead.
e. Manner of disappearance - 30 minutes. Closest to 23:35ST.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing optical character recognition on the text:

Classification: NONE
Case No.: 24-98
Date:  2-8-61
Location: FORSYTH, MONTANA
Latitude: 46 13N
Longitude: 106 40W 
Type of Incident: UFO Incident
Command Reporting: Air Defense Command, 801st Air Force Base, Colorado Springs, Colorado
Observer: 87th Air Division (Defense) Detachment, Air Force Base, Great Falls, Montana 
Command Center Personnel: Ent Air Force Base, Colorado Springs, Colorado
(1) Description of the objects:
a. Types - Round
b. Size - Compared to known objects (size): Head of an old time half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit. 
c. Color - Bright white, farther away it got, it turned red
d. Number - 1 (one)
e. Formation - 1 or more than one. N/A
f. Most noticeable features or details - None
g. Trail, exhaust, or smoke: None
h. Sound, if heard, describe sound - Unknown
i. Other pertinent or unusual features - None 
(2) Actions of the Observer(s):
a. This incident called the attention of the observer(s) to the objects.
b. Elevation and azimuth of the objects when first observed and when last observed. N/A
c. Back to North, then went again. From overhead to below horizon.
d. Manner of disappearance of objects - Below horizon.
e. Elapsed time in flight - 20 minutes. SUBJECT TO 23/ EST

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

(2) Manner of observation:
Aircraft, radar scope, visual
Sighting was reported by the following persons: Lt.Capt Miller, Capt. Cooper and Lieut. Neel. Nome radio operator alerted. Object detected on airborne radar, visually observed from aircraft, and ground radar contact.

(3) Time and date of sighting: 
19:40 and 20:09 CST 1961-02-08

(4) Time and date of observation:
19:40-20:09 CST 1961-02-08

(5) Duration of sighting:
Approximately 30 minutes

(6) Location of observer(s):
Forsyth, Montana 
46°13'N 106°40'W

(7) Weather and wind: Conditions at time and place of sighting:
Weather excellent. Clear, visibility 15 35/50 SEE 10

(8) Trajectory and speed of object:
Visually appeared to be 30,000-40,000 ft altitude. Ground radar target indicated 6,000-8,000 mph on scope.

(9) Physical characteristics of object:
(a) Size: Visually appeared smaller than a fighter plane. Radar showed target size of 32 percent of B-52 aircraft.
(b) Shape: Circular or elliptical.
(c) Color: White.
(d) Brightness: Above 2nd mag stars, steady.
(e) Sound: None.
(f) Number of objects: One
(g) Formation: Single

Any other unusual activity or condition, not related to specific visible characteristics noted None

Investigation and identification details taken NONE

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph or image. It appears to be a typed document or report from Project Blue Book, which was a US government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

Text extracted from the document:

a. Date, time, duration of sighting: 0(1062 2FEB 21
b. Weather conditions (use one of the following terms): Sight, Cly, Smog,
c. Observation location (latitude, longitude) Forsyth, Montana 46.13N 106.40W
d. Name and address of observer: Military--Station REDACTED
e. Other witnesses: None
f. Rather dim lights, which were not solid objects, but flashing and dimming from time to time.
g. Movement or grouping of lights: Other
h. Angles and colors of lights: White
i. Visibility: 15 miles plus
j. Amount of cloud cover: Clear to high cirrus
k. Thunder storms in area and constant in which lost.-Nom
l. Miscellaneous, which may be of value: Not related to aircraft, helicopter or other obvious conventional devices known to be operating in the area. No physical evidence or effects. Unidentified.
m. Interpretation and identification: Illumination and identification were taken, concluding that the sightings were Unidentified Flying Objects. No positive identification could be made.

- page 5 -

