The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
14 Jan 61
2. LOCATION
3 Mi NW Rossville, Okla.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
0300Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
G Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS
D Yes
6. SOURCE
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
12 Min
9. COURSE
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object was 7 or 8 times larger than a T-33 jet, very bright white light. It was bright white and red, fling erratic course, 995-3600° Ft true S 2° Tn true E.
11. COMMENTS
Object was in the southern sky, was first observed by the observer who was on duty at the Command Post. It moved very erratically, going from true S to true W, at times hovering motionless. The object then moved rapidly to the SE and disappeared from view. This was the third sighting of this type object in the past two weeks in this area.

- page 1 -

The image contains sketches or drawings, but no photographs. The first sketch shows a curved line to represent the horizon and an object above it, with instructions to indicate how high the object was above the horizon. The second sketch shows a landscape with a person in the foreground, and a smaller sketch in the corner.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to similar sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects. The document contains a questionnaire with various questions about the weather conditions and other details related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)
Yes
No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)
Yes
No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)
Yes
No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[Blank]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Handwritten text]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual content other than the document itself. The document appears to be a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting or encounter.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)        Yes        No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)        Yes        No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:             
ADDRESS:          
Street           City            Zone       State
TELEPHONE NUMBER:   
Age:             Sex:         
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
I have had no previous experience with the investigation and observation of unidentified flying objects and have no special training in this field.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
_____ Day      _____ Month      _____ Year

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a technical information sheet from the U.S. Air Force.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and used as accurately as possible, the following space is wide enough to write out a short description of the event that you observed. Please try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be used if they are needed.

NAME _____________________________________________ (PLEASE PRINT)
SIGNATURE _____________________________________
DATE ____________________________________

The text in the document describes the reporter's observation in a narrative format, but does not contain any photographic images.

- page 5 -

This page from the old UFO report document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be handwritten text on a lined document.

The text reads as follows:

"Tha can occur Attor 4 Hows, (could not interpret)

1. This sighting was observed by to witness's, who were Mr. and Mrs. William Ricks, of Roosevelt, Oklahoma.

2. The object was observed for approximately 10 to 15 minutes.

3. The object was described as approximately 30 to 40 feet in diameter, circular in shape, and giving off a reddish-orange glow.

4. The object was observed at an estimated height of 1,000 to 1,500 feet above the ground.

5. The object was observed to ascend and descend slowly, and also to move in a horizontal direction.

6. No sound was heard from the object.

7. The weather at the time of the sighting was clear and calm.

8. This sighting was made at approximately 8:00 p.m. on January 8, 1961.

9. The object was observed to disappear behind some trees and was not seen again."

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "UFO form continued" section.

Text extracted from the document:

ceiJFO form continued

If you answered YES, then what would you estimate the size of the object?  6000 FT.

Do you think that you can estimate how far away you the the object?  APPROX. 10 MILES

Were you (check one): 
X In the outdoors
 In a residence
 In an office or store
 In a moving automobile or other vehicle at the time?

23. Were you (Check One):
X In the daytime operation of a city?
 In the residential section of a city?
 In the rural area?
 In the mountains?

Did you observe any of the following? (Check any that apply)
X Pulsations 
X Beams of light
 Spinning motion
 Sudden accelerations 
X Binoculars 
X Telescope
X Window glass
X Other Red and Green lights

- page 7 -

The image contains a photograph or drawing of three elliptical/circular objects. The caption states "Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and include information about the size in relation to familiar objects."

TEXT OUTPUT FROM OCR:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO for:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? Is so, how?
No
15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? 
Yes           Don't know
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes           Don't know
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape Smooth
b. Color Dull white
18. We wish to know the angular size. Held a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object the match subtended. If you did this, give the result.
Appear, 15
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and include information about the size in relation to familiar objects.
[Sketch of three circular/elliptical objects]
29. Date you observed
If you answered
30. Time you observed
If you answered
31. Duration of observation
If you answered
32. Where were you? (city, state) 
If you answered
22. Weather conditions
If you answered
24. If you were AWOL,
a. When did you leave your station?
b. When did you return to your station?
c. How did you get to the observation site?
25. In order that your report can be checked, please give the following information:
a. Name
b. Residence address
c. Business address
d. Telephone number

- page 8 -

The image contains a form titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE" which appears to be a report form used for documenting UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book. The form has several fields for the witness to fill out, including details about the sighting such as the time, location, and description of the observed object.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE 
FTO CASE (NO.) ONLY Page 1
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared to assist you in providing detailed information which you have observed and which you may consider to be of technical and intelligence interest to the U.S. Air Force. We request that you cooperate fully in answering all items. Your responses may be extremely valuable to the Air Force in determining the technical characteristics of the object and evaluating its possible operational significance. Do not discuss this matter with others or submit copies to any organizations, agencies, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information to be used for further details.
1. When did you see the object? ... January 7, 1961
2. Time Zone (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
3. Time of Day (Circle One): a. Daylight b. Twilight c. Night
4. Where were you when you saw the object? ...Shawnee, Oklahoma
5. How long was the object visible? (Total Duration) ... 15-20 minutes
5.1 How long was it in sight determined? ... 15-20 minutes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? ... Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? a. Straight Ahead b. To your left c. To your right d. Don't remember
FTO CC FR 154 (This form supersedes FFTO 104, Jul 51. WHICH IS OBSOLETE.)

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically the "R FORCE UFO FORM" from Project Blue Book. The image does not contain any photograph, but rather a form with various questions and options for the observer to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified flying object.

R FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

9. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
1. Brighter
2. Dimmer
3. Same
4. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
1. Brighter
2. Dimmer
3. Same
4. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One:)
1. Clear
2. Hazy
3. Cloudy
4. Raining or snowing
5. Windy
6. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One:)
1. Small
2. Moderate sized
3. Large
4. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One:)
1. Brighter
2. Dimmer
3. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One:) 1. Fuzzy or blurred
2. Clearly defined
3. Other

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
Yes  No  Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
Yes  No  Don't know
c. Break up into parts or fragments?
Yes  No  Don't know
d. Change shape?
Yes  No  Don't know
e. Flash on and off?
Yes  No  Don't know
f. Give off smoke or vapor trails?
Yes  No  Don't know

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO reporting form.

The text in the document is as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
3-10-61 

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire:

They UFO 's exact flight maneuvers. 

They appeared jet propeled formation.

No get air as worried or attract to notice.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the following text found in the document:

L.G.T. PA-43, Dept. of Intel Inf., 4720th Technical Sqdn, USAF (ADPC) Apo 239, 
24 FEB 1961, CRFN, 
Airfield Operations Branch, Department of Intelligence, 4720th Technical Training Wing, USAF Breckenridge AFB, Tex
FOR APGO:11-11:32
The sighting described in paragraph 3 occurred on 14 January and the case described in paragraph 4 occurred on 15 January.

Ghent E.A. Fry, CWO
Ac 6: USAF
Reporting Officer

- page 12 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It shows a form titled "Force UFO form continued" with a blank space on the right side, likely intended for inserting a photograph or other visual information related to a UFO sighting.

Force UFO form continued
Page 8

- page 13 -

The image appears to be an official U.S. Air Force UFO reporting form. It contains a sketch showing the path and motion of a UFO or unidentified object. The sketch includes a radar-style display and a diagram showing the object's movement during the observation. There are also various instructions and questions for the observer to fill out related to the sighting.

OCR Text Output:
Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

27. In the following sketch, indicate the point from which you saw the object. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object appeared to be above the horizon. If the object's height varied during the observation, place a "B" where the object was lowest and a "C" where it was highest.

(Sketch showing radar-style display and path of UFO)

28. Give a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, how many were there?
Draw a sketch of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

30. Have you ever seen anything like this before?
31-1. If you answered "yes" to 30.
31.2. Please tell the reason.

32. NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NO.
33. What and to whom 
may.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form from the Air Force UFO reporting system, titled "Air Force UFO form continued".

The text on the form includes the following:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location. NO

31. Was anyone else with you or the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
YEAR: 1961
MONTH: JAN
DAY: 8

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

Air Intelligence Branch
Department of Intelligence Training 
USAF (ADC)
Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TA-3

SUBJECT: UFO's

TO:  ATIC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. There have been sightings of UFO's in the vicinity of Sheppard AFB. These sightings took place on 13, 14 and 15 January. Not all of these sightings were related.

2. The sightings of 13 January were made by personnel from the 3615th Support Squadron. On one occasion they observed an object over Altus AFB, Oklahoma, which appeared to be highly maneuverable. Major Aiken has had much experience in these investigations and does not consider this sighting to be highly reliable. 

3. Reference my message of 13 January TA17022A concerning 10 January sightings. The ground sighted object described was said to have been extremely bright. It is not described in the reports and Mr. described it as highly maneuverable with the aircraft (see Atch #2 and #3); but, since these reports were received too late to be included, the conclusions based on the observation are considered questionable. The testimony obtained from the description and path of the object is being re-evaluated.

4. The 11 January sighting was reported by Mrs.   whose judgement and reliability seem questionable. It is significant that this occurrence took place on the same day that the object (see Atch #3) and she described it as "clear as crystal" which is highly questionable. Further, no other persons reported seeing the object, which seems unlikely if it were an actual observation. This tends to conclude that the object was an illusion, or that Mrs.  was possibly mistaken.

5. Mr.  reported that he saw an extremely bright object in the southwest sky to the west as he drove from Hobart, Oklahoma to Presidenent, Oklahoma (see Atch #4). This is being evaluated.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

Abash /66) - Mor e judgement and r eliability seem high. There were no definite conclusions arrived at regarding this object. The preliminary officer is satisfied with the report.

6. On 15 January from approximately 05152 to approximately 0330,
station, on the southwest end of Wichita Falls. An object was sighted from the 
5950 and 6000 foot level. The object appeared to be round, white, and it moved
in a weaving or oscillating motion. It was observed for 20 to 30 minutes and
moved slow at intervals. The preparing officers is unable to determine
the cause or identity of the object.

(Signed) T. Z. Breton, Colonel, USAF 
Deputy for Sciences and Components

1st Ind (AFOIN-A2xx)
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

TO: 3750th Technical School, USAF (ATC) (TA-93), Sheppard AFB, Texas

1. Information is made to paragraphic five and six of basic letter
regarding unidentified objects sighted by 
2. The time of one or both of these sightings according to the letter was
due to the distance between the observer and the object. He saw the first
sighting, and his location was made known to the second sighting. Requests re
ceived from the Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

(Signature illegible)
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Sciences and Components

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This document is used to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer the questions as accurately as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day: 2 Hour 15 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? _____________
5. How long was object in sight? ____________ Hours ___________ Minutes ___________ Seconds
6. How was time in sight determined? My estimate 
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right
8. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Hazy Night: a. Bright b. Cloudy

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED: 
a. As a light
b. Shiny 
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR?

11. DID THE OBJECT: (CIRCLE ONE FOR EACH QUESTION)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't Know
e. Leave any trail? Yes / No / Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't Know

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD? 
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: 
(Circle One): a. Solid / b. Transparent / c. Vapor / d. Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING?
a. Eyeglasses Yes / No
b. Sun glasses Yes / No 
c. Windshield Yes / No
d. Window glass Yes / No

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a document with a form-like layout and various questions to be answered.

TEXT OUTPUT:
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color Bright & white, no sound
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, propulsions, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Carry circular
kind of see thru
18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Sharp b. Fuzzy or blurred c. Other Fuzzy & blurred
19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2 or 3
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 20 -

This page from the Project Blue Book report does not contain any photograph or image. It appears to be a questionnaire or form with instructions and questions for the observer to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The text in this image has been completely transcribed.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains a questionnaire or form with various questions related to sighting details and observations.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circles One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outside (land), d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other:

26. Were you (Circles One): a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open countryside?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other:

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circles One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest. 28.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour. 28.3 Did you see the object at the same time you were looking at it? (Circles One) Yes, No. 

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circles One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest, i. Overhead.

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circles One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest, i. Overhead.

31. If you are familiar with bearing trees (compass directions), in which direction was the object from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North ___ degrees, b. From horizon ___ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North ___ degrees, b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 22 -

