The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically a Project 10073 Record Card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 6-26-61
2. LOCATION: Salt Lake City, Utah
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 06-26-61
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 2S Ground Radar, Sp Air Visual
5. PHOTOS: No
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 min 
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: On 6-26-61 at approx 1000 hrs MWT, a salt lake city tower operator reported a "flying saucer" type object which was observed on SP ground radar and also in the air by a SP air observer. The object was at an altitude of 15,000 to 18,000 feet and was moving in a northerly direction with a speed of about 550 mph. The object disappeared from radar while still in sight of the air observer. Air Force investigation was made and the object could not be identified. There is no tentative explanation that would be satisfactory to account for this sighting.
9. CONCLUSIONS: Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

WARNING: This material contains information affecting the National Defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Secs 793 and 794. The transmission or revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.

COUNTRY: United States of America
SUBJECT: (U) UFO
DATE OF REPORT: 2 October 1961
DESCRIPTION: ATR 200-2/Geomite
PLACE: Salt Lake City, Utah
DATE & TIME: 2 October 1961, 1912 hours
OBSERVATIONS: As 1912 hours on 2 October 1961, a report of a UFO sighting was received from the Utah Valley Guard Command. Six of the sight persons who witnessed the sighting reported seeing an object which they described as a bright light, an estimated size of a basket ball, which hovered over the Municipal Airport for approximately 5 minutes and then departed at a high rate of speed in a southeastern direction. The witnesses stated that the object was observed stationary for several minutes, emitting a bright glow. The object was reported to have made no sound. The Municipal Airport was contacted and verified that the object had been observed from the tower. However, no balloons were released during that period locally. No unidentified object of this nature has been reported in the area recently. Statements of the witnesses are attached.

INTELLIGENCE REPORT
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE

REPORT NO: IR-1-61
DATE OF REPORT: 2 October 1961
REFERENCES: ATR 200-2/Geomite
NO OF PAGES: 12
FROM: Hq & Law Enforce Div, WRALR
PREPARED BY: Douglas M. Broach

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

UNCLASSIFIED REPORT NO: IR-1-61
PAGE 2 OF 12 PAGES

SO FTD-ER via Air Mail. As of the date of report it is believed that all logical leads were exhausted as a result of this incident. 

On 2 October 1961, at approximately 2300 hours (10:00 p.m.), a watch taken at the Salt Lake City, Utah National Guard Control Tower that approximately 3,200 west southwest of the city. Twenty-three miles north of the Provo, Utah, OMNI (40 US, 111 54W), located twenty-three miles southeast of Provo, Utah, an object was observed by military and private pilots for approximately five to fifteen minutes before it moved off and disappeared.

The report states that the round or elliptical object with a white light was tracked by ground radar to a range of 5 to 10 miles, when it appeared to gain altitude and disappeared. The report recommends further attempts, time permitting, to transit T-33 aircraft to the area of reported sighting to make a personal on-site investigation.

At 22:00Z on 2 October 1961 Mr. --------- was interviewed at that location. Utah. Aircraft at that time was not airborne. Information and answers received to questions is prefaced by the paragraph number of the information concerned.

1a(1) Shape - At distance he could not determine shape.
1a(2) Size - Couldn't compare size to any known objects, but stated it must have been at least 30-40 feet in diameter as it appeared larger than at least thirty-25 feet aircraft at the same approximate altitude, approximately over the Provo OMNI.
1a(3) Color - A distant silver color.
1a(4) Number - One.
1a(5) Formation - None
1a(6) Discernible features - None
1a(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust - Could see none. It was suspended there and not even sayirg.
1a(8) Sound - No sound heard.
1a(9) Persistent features - None observed.

This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.

- page 3 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO: IR-1-61
PAGE 3 OF 12 PAGES

1.

15b(1) What called attention to object - Report on an object over UNICOM from pilot.

15b(2) Angle, elevation, azimuth - Estimated 2,500 feet above the ground (Altitude at 12,500 feet).

15b(3) Angle, elevation and azimuth at time of disappearance - Slightly higher.

15b(4) Flight path and maneuver - Did not see it move, but would see it in one place, it would disappear and reappear in another place along from where it had first been seen.

15b(5) How did object disappear - Object faded out in the same location.

15b(6) How long object visible - For approximately fifteen minutes.

15c(1) Manner of observation - Naked eye.

15c(2) Optical aids - None.

15c(3) Airborne sighting - N/A

15d(1) Zulu time, date group - 19002, 2 October 1961.

15d(2) Light conditions - Daytime.

15i The location of observer - Pilot of aircraft at orifice of Utah Central Airport (40 38N, 111 58W), 2,500 west 21 est South, Salt Lake City, Utah.

15j Information on observer - Pilot WOODS appears to be a mature and stable person, as this opinion is shared by his employer. WOODS states a former Blue Book sighting, but has worked around flying since. He has worked around flying since childhood.

15l(1) Weather and winds - stated the weather was clear with no cloud cover.

The additional information on this page indicates that the sighting occurred on 2 October 1961 at Utah Central Airport. The pilot, WOODS, observed an object that appeared to disappear and reappear in the sky. The object was estimated to be 2,500 feet above the ground at an altitude of 12,500 feet. The report indicates the object faded out in the same location and was visible for approximately 15 minutes. The weather was described as clear with no cloud cover.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text from a project blue book UFO report.

UNCLASSIFIED

REPORT NO.: TR-1-62
PAGE: 4 OF 12 PAGES for a recent
DIV, HILL AFB, Utah

15a(2) Size - At the distance he compared the object with the size of a base-ball (handball).
15a(3) Color - It was dark, and when the sun was shining on it, it reflected silver or aluminum. It did not have a shimmering effect like it was vibrating, and the edges were clear.
15a(4) Number - One
15a(5) N/A
15a(6) Features or details - No protruding wings or tail section that he could see.
15a(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust - None that he could see.
15a(8) Sound - None
15a(9) Pertinent features - None.
15b(1) What called attention to object - The pilot of the incoming plane reporting the object to him.
15b(2) Angle, elevation, azimuth - Could not estimate any of those.
15b(3) Angle, elevation, and azimuth at time of disappearance - Was not watching object at the time it disappeared.
15b(4) Flight path and maneuvers - Did not observe any flight path at the time he was watching the object. Object was motionless. Could not determine if it had appeared to have been maneuvering.
15b(5) How did object disappear - Was not watching at the time object disappeared.
15b(6) How long object visible - Somewhere between ten and fifteen minutes.
15c(1) Manner of observation - Naked eyes and binoculars.
15c(2) Optical aids - Binoculars.
15c(3) Airborne sighting - N/A
15d(1) Zulu time, data group - Time unknown, 2 October 1961.
15d(2) Light conditions - Daytime.

UNCLASSIFIED

This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

UNCLASSIFIED 
REPORT NO: IR-1-61
PAGE 5 OF 12 PAGES
RECORDS Enforcement 
Div., Hill AFB, Utah

1A. Location of observer - Front office of Utah Central Airport (40 38N, 111 58W), 3500 West South, Salt Lake City, Utah.  
1B. The observer appeared to be a mature person in his early fifties and was consistent in his answers with regard to the above question. Civilian - He has no official license in connection with aviation. CARD has considerable flying time as a passenger in private and commercial aircraft.

1S(1) The weather was bright and clear with no clouds, and that there was very little wind.

2. At approximately 23:45Z on 2 October 1961, M----- viewed at the Utah Central Airport, a bright light which appeared to change size and shape at times. This light was on a direct line toward the southwest from his location.

1S(1) Shape - Couldn't determine any definite shape when observing the object.
1S(2) Size - Could not estimate size.
1S(3) Color - With the sun shining on it, it looked silver. It looked like a solid color, with no shimmer/like it was vibrating.
1S(4) Number - One
1S(5) Formation - N/A
1S(6) Features or details - None from his observation.
1S(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust - None that he observed.
1S(8) Sound - None
1S(9) Persistent features - None observed

1S(1) What called attention to object - The radio report from the civilian pilot.
1S(2) Angle, elevation, azimuth - Appear to be between three and five thousand feet elevation, and about west of PVPNN1. This sighting was first and lasted for 1-2 minutes.
1S(3) Angle, elevation, and azimuth as time of disappearance - Was talking on the radio and did not watch the object disappear.

UNCLASSIFIED
This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112A which is not available.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED REPORT NO.: IR-1-61 
PAGE 6 OF 12 PAGES 
PROJEOT: BLUE BOOK DIV.: HILL AFB, UTAH

15b(1) Flight path and maneuvers - I saw it in one position low on the horizon, and
it appeared to rise up slowly to the right and higher, maybe eight to ten thousand feet variation.
It was approximately five minutes between the two sightings.

15b(2) How did object disappear - When we were looking at it the object disappeared
as if it was taking on UNFORM.

15b(3) How long object visible - About five to seven minutes.

15a(1) Naked eye.
15a(2) Optical aids - None.
15a(3) Airborne sighting - N/A

15a(4) Zulu time, date group - Did not note time on 2 October 1961.
15a(5) Light conditions - Daytime.

15. Information of Utah General Airport (40 38N, 111 58W), 3290 West 21st South,
Salt Lake City, Utah. 
Informant was on observer - An individual in his early forties, and was very consistent in his statements. He holds a private pilotTs license, and has flown about six hundred hours, and maintains a deep interest in the field of aeronautics.

15a(1) Weather and winds - Clear with very little surface wind.

Approximately 1530 hours on 2 October 1961. Individual was interviewed at
that location to obtain the following answers and information:

15a(1) Shape - Could not determine a definite shape.
15a(2) Size - Compared size of object with a basketball at that distance.
15a(3) Color - Without the light shining on it, it appeared to be gray, and the shiny
part would be a brilliant flame color.
15a(4) Number - One
15a(5) Formation - N/A

UNCLASSIFIED
This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an unclassified Project Blue Book report, which provides a detailed description of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO: TR-1-61
PAGE 7 OF 12 PAGES
PROJECT: BLUE BOOK
PARENT DIV, Hill AFB, Utah

15a(6) Features or details - None observed.
15a(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust - None observed.
15a(8) Sound - None heard.
15a(9) Pertinent features - None
15b(1) What called attention to object - Radio report from the civilian pilot
15b(2) Angle, elevation, azimuth - Altitude at lower point was about 15,000 feet, and 15 degrees elevation. The distance away was about fifteen to twenty miles.
15b(3) Angle of deviation - Climbed at an upward angle from approximately 20,000 feet altitude and disappeared to the west.
15b(4) Angle and time of observation - Climbed quite fast, with abrupt changes of direction.
15b(5) How did object disappear - Faded away rapidly to the west.
15i(6) How long object visible - Close to fifteen minutes.
15o(1) Manner of observation - Binoculars and naked eye.
15o(2) Optical aids - Binoculars.
15o(3) Airborne sighting - N/A
15a(1) Zulu time and date group - Right close to 1900Z hours on 2 October 1961.
15a(2) Light conditions - Daytime.

Source: Salt Lake City, Utah. Central Airport (40 38N, 111 58W), 3200 feet MSL.

The observer appears to be a logical, mature person and has been a private pilot for approximately twenty years. His report of the sighting was very coherent.

UNCLASSIFIED
This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be a typed report from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO: IR-1-61
PAGE 5 OF 12 PAGES
SECTION: 2 INV performance DIV, USAF, NORTON AFB, UTAH

15(1) Weather and winds - Clear in every quadrant, with little surface wind.
7:1 At 2355Z on 2 October 1961 Mr. ---- was interviewed at the Utah Central Airport, Salt Lake City, Utah. The information given was recorded on tape.

15a(2) Shape - Appeared to be a metal object, but he could give no description of the shape.
15a(3) Size - Through the binoculars it appeared to be about the size of a dinner plate.
15a(4) Color - Appeared to be silver in color and was flickering to a certain extent, probably due to the reflection of the sun.
15a(7) Trail, trail, or exhaust - Could see none.
15a(8) Sound - None
15a(9) Pertinent features - None observed.

15b(1) What called attention to object: - Civilian pilot who first sighted object.
15b(2) Altitude, azimuth, and elevation - Approximately two to four thousand feet above the ground (plus 2240 elevation at area of sighting). Approximately over the Provo VORTAC, 20 miles southeast of Salt Lake City, at an altitude of 1150 feet (aneroid).
15b(3) Angle, elevation, and azimuth at time of disappearance - Raised upward slightly and disappeared.
15b(4) Flight path and maneuvers - Noticed a flight path of straight up and also a slight slow downward spiral as it started to go out of sight. The flight to the west was fairly slow.
15b(5) Was object disappear - Just blinked out. Raised altitude, but the last he saw of the object was a blinding out of the object.
15b(6) How long object visible - Approximately five minutes.

UNCLASSIFIED

This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112 which is not available.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO: TR-1-61
DATE: 12 DEC 1961
FROM: SEC & LAW ENFORCEMENT
DIV, HILL AFB, UTAH

1a(1) Manner of observation - Binoculars and naked eye.
1a(2) Optical Aids - Binoculars.
1a(3) Airspeed sighting - N/A
1a(4) Zulu time and date group - Unknown on 2 October 1961
1a(5) Light conditions - Daytime.

11. Observations of Observer - Front of Office of Utah Central Airport (40 38N, 111 54W), 3300 West, 21st South, Salt Lake City, Utah.

11a. The observer is a mature, reliable person in his early thirties; and has been working around airports for some time. He has a student license, instrument, and is a very proficient. In this instance, he was performing normal airport duties when he observed the object.

12a(1) Weather and winds - The sky was clear, with very little surface wind.

3. At approximately 1032 on 2 October 1961, Mr. Salt Lake City, Utah was notified, and gave the following information and answers which were recorded on tape:

13a(1) Shape - Appeared to be circular or elliptical in shape. When it picked up it appeared to be a perfect circle. Disked shaped rather than full circular like a balloon.

13a(2) Size - Between thirty-five and fifty feet, half again as large as the wing span of the observer's personal aircraft. (Type 200) and about the size of an automobile.

13a(3) Color - Gray (light) when there was no sun reflected on it, and when the sun reflected on it, it was bright like a mirror.

13a(4) Number - One

13a(5) Formation - N/A

13a(6) Features or details - There was no wing surface, tail surface, or any protruding points from the smooth surface. No ports or exhausts, or windows visible.

13a(7) Trail, jet, or exhaust - None, and no reported watching closely for exhaust trails when the object moved off.

UNCLASSIFIED

This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112 which is not available.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting a UFO sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED
REPORT NO.: TR-1-61
PAGE 10 OF 12      PAGES
ATIC, WPAFB, Ohio
DIV., H411 APB, Utah

19a(1) Sound - None above the noise of his engine.
19a(2) Pertinent features - None observable in addition to 19a(6) above.
19b(1) What called attention to object - First saw it when he was making take-off run at 15a(6) above.
19b(2) Angle, elevation, azimuth - Object first sighted directly south of Utah Center, 18 degrees above the horizon. At closest point it passed within three to five miles of the observer. His altitude was 4,000 feet at that time.
19b(3) Angle, elevation and azimuth at time of disappearance - After maneuvering for about 200 degrees, the object disappeared out of sight. This occurred at a twenty degree angle or slightly more and was seen for a second or two.
19b(4) Altitude, path and maneuvers - When the object was within three to five miles of the observer, he observed the object standing still in the air for a little while, then started rocking motion. Then it would speed up like an elevator for a little then slow down appearing to be hovering. This indicated to the observer that it was under intelligent control. It then started directly over the OMRI, stayed at that position for a minute or two and then made a turn and disappeared from sight. The object was estimated to be at an altitude of approximately 6,000 feet.
19b(5) How did object disappear? Climbed toward - west on a 245 or 260 degree heading, climbing on about a 20 degree angle. Disappeared out of sight in a second or two. Estimated speed at time of disappearance in the thousands of miles per hour.
19b(6) How long object visible - Five to seven minutes.
15a(1) Manner of observation - Naked eye.
15a(2) Optical aids - None.
15a(3) Airborne sighting - Flying at 5,000. Serial Number 53939, at an altitude of 4,000 feet, a Mooney Mark "A" aircraft. The observer was a ground observer system second in command.
15a(4) Approximately 1900Z, 2 October 1961.
15a(5) Light conditions - Daytime.
15a(6) Location of observer - Flying at 6,000 feet altitude on a 180 degree heading toward the object. Reportedly flying within three to five miles of object.

This format is used in lieu of AF Form 1128 which is not available.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a UFO analysis sheet from Project Blue Book, which documents a report from Salt Lake City, Utah on October 8, 1961.

Text extracted from the document:

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET

Location: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH
Date (Local): 8 OCT 1961
Hour (Local): 1215
Satellite: (Det S ATIC, Ext 3279) -
Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc.) -
Radar Analysis (AFCIN-AE1) - NO
Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc.) POSSIBLE RAIN DISC
Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc. -
Other -
Evaluation of Source Reliability: GOOD
Analysis and Conclusions: THE WITNESS AT THE TIME AND DATE OBSERVED AN OBJECR WHICH HE DESCRIBED AS BEING CIRCULAR IN SHAPE, AND OF METALLIC APPEARANCE. THE OBJECT WAS OBSERVED TO REMAIN STATIONARY UNTIL SUDDENLY JERKING OUT OF SIGHT IN A SOUTHEASTERLY DIRECTION. AT THE TIME OF THE SIGHTING, THERE WERE SEVERAL COMMERCIAL AIRCRAFT IN THE VICINITY, BUT THE WITNESS WAS DEFINITE IN HIS STATEMENT THAT THIS OBJECT WAS NOT AN AIRCRAFT. THE METEOROLOGICAL CONDITIONS AT THE TIME WERE SUCH THAT A BALL LIGHTNING PHENOMENON CANNOT BE RULED OUT. THE WITNESS, WHOSE REPORT HAS BEEN EVALUATED AS BEING GENERALLY RELIABLE, COULD OFFER NO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION WHICH MIGHT FURTHER CLARIFY THE NATURE OF THE SIGHTING. THE CASE IS BEING FILED AS UNIDENTIFIED.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a series of investigations conducted by the United States Air Force regarding unidentified flying objects.

UNCLASSIFIED

REPORT NO: IR-1-61
IDENTIFICATION: CASE # 50-4-101
DIVISION: HQ USAF, Washington, D.C.  
DATE: 2 May 1961
LOCATION: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

INFORMATION:
1. The observer, a civilian employee, appeared to be an emotionally stable person and gave a consistent and co-operative account of the sighting. He stated that before it moved off, the stated object was almost directly over Project Blue Book.
2. Information on observer - The observer reported that at 1200Z, 8 April 1961, he was alerted by a consistent and co-erected account of the sighting. He stated that the object was directly overhead and he observed it for several minutes before it moved off.
1sg(1) Weather and winds - Stated the weather was clear or all quadrants, with wind from 270 degrees at 10 knots.
2. Following is the balance of information forwarded in compliance with AFR 200-2:

1sg(2) Weather and winds - The US Weather Bureau at the Salt Lake City Airport reported the wind at 1500Z as 280 degrees at 15 knots, with visibility 40 miles.
1sg(3) Ceiling - Weather Bureau reported ceiling clear.
1sg(4) Visibility - Reported 40 miles.
1sg(5) Cloud Cover - None.
1sg(6) Thunderstorms - None reported by Weather Bureau.
1sg(7) Temperature Gradient - 61 degrees F. Dew Point, 21 degrees F.

No Unusual activity or activity - None.

An interrogation of the observers interviewed the next day. There were 5 observers within 3-5 miles of the sighting, all of whom reported the same sighting simultaneously. The object was stated to be a flattened sphere, slightly luminous, and no exhaust or propulsion system was observed. The object maintained a steady position and course, and no movement was indicated other than the initial pick up and final disappearance. The duration of the scientific apparatus was approximately ten minutes after the initial sighting.

Two balloon releases were reported from the Salt Lake Airport at 1300Z. These were observed to take a southerly course and would not account for the object sighted.

This format is used in lieu of AF Form 112a which is not available.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text.

UNCLASSIFIED

REPORT NO: IR-l-61
PART: Security Classification:
SECURITY - This Report Has Been Forwarded to the USAF Technical Information Center, Div, Hill AFB, Utah

The reporting officer is a Security Specialist, GS-9, Security and Law Enforcement Division, Hill AFB, Utah. A preliminary analysis indicates that each of the reported sightings are consistent with conventional types of known aircraft. There is no evidence that the object(s) sighted were not identifiable as conventional missiles, balloons or aircraft.
The object(s) sighted were at times described as being illuminated, and at times not illuminated, from a point which would describe a balloon or aircraft. The evidence available to explain the sighting. The hypothesis that the object was a weather balloon launched from Tooele, Utah seems plausible, as the time of the reported event would be consistent with the upward flight path and reported speed of the object.
No wind slips were present at the time of the sighting.
This report was prepared on the basis of official records maintained by the internal Security Branch, Hill AFB, Utah.

DOUGLAS K. GEORGE
Security Specialist, GS-9
Internal Security Branch

APPROVED:
CHARLES W. BRION
Major, USAF 
Chief, Security & Law Enforcement Division

This form is used in lieu of AF Form 112 which is not available.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document or typewritten text. The text appears to be part of an investigation report on an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Now with regard to this investigation on Unidentified Flying Objects would you give your name please?
And what was your address?
And your occupation?
I work here at the airport.
Is that a mechanic?
No, just taking care of the aircraft.
Do you have a pilot's license?
Yes, I do.
About how many hours flying time do you have?
About 55.
With regard to this object, about how long did you watch it?
I would say that before it went out of sight, about 15 minutes.
Would you describe the shape?
It was too far away to see the shape. I could see it glisten. It was silver and as would go out of sight then it would come back and the ship would shine on it again and we would see it for 2 or 3 minutes and then it would go out of sight again.
Then you couldn't compare the size to any known object?
No, I couldn't, because the size, but as I say it must have been awful big because it couldn't have been any large aircraft because you can only see an aircraft at that distance if it was approximately over Provo Canyon in the mountain range out there.
You say approximately 30 miles?
I would say approximately 30 miles.
And you wouldn't have any idea as to color?
All I could see was that it was silver. I didn't look through the binoculars, but I could see it very distinctly.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document.

And were there any features you got from manned aircraft such as vapor trail or anything?
Nothing whatsoever.  It was suspended there.  It wasn't even moving.
And you didn't hear any sound during this time?
No sound; the only thing that I actually heard was the pilot talking to us on the radio that he had it in sight and he was trying to get close to it.
Could you estimate the angle or elevation?  Altitude?
At that distance I would estimate, just guessing, I would say 2500 ft above the ground, just guessing; that is quite a distance.
2500 ft altitude? 
Yes, above the ground. 
Is that 2500 or 25,000?
2500.  And at times it was lower than that and at times it was a little bit higher than that, but it didn't stay in one position - it seemed to go different directions and up and down, back and forth.
What direction would that be from the office here?
Due South.
With regard to flight path, did you see it move at any time?
I did not see it move.  If it would have been moving, it would have been moving away from us, but like it would go out of sight and then the sun would hit it and we could see it for 5 or 10 minutes and it would be in a completely different place.  It would go different directions.
But at the time you were viewing it you couldn't determine any direction of travel?
No, not unless it was going away from us.
How long did you watch this?
About 15 minutes.
15 minutes.  Did you watch it until it disappeared?
Yes, I did.
Did it travel at that time or did it just fade out?
It just faded out.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document related to a UFO sighting.

At this time you weren't using binoculars?
No, I did not use binoculars. I didn't look through them at all. I was just OK sir, I think that will be all.
Would you give me your name and address, sir?
My name is [redacted]
May we have your address in [redacted]
And what is your occupation, sir?
I'm an industrial banker.
And do you have a private license?
No, I do not have a license.
You don't have any flying time?
I have no flying time but I fly a good deal in private planes with rentals and sometimes hire a pilot such as this trip I'm on now. I do have a lot of time in the air as a passenger.
When you observed the object was that from the office here?
Yes.
And could you describe the shape?
Well, it's a little hard to describe. I did watch it for a few minutes through binoculars and it appeared to me to be round the color of a football, a silvery color, without binoculars and I could see it - as I say it looked like the sun was reflecting on it and it blinking as though it were a metal like the sun blinking on it and then as it disappeared to those people who were watching without binoculars it seemed to disappear more like a light going out than it did like an object flying away.
At the time when it looked like an oval would that have been a full oval or a?
That would be what I would call an oval like a football.
Can you compare this with any known object? Such as a football or something like that?
It was shaped like a football when the sun shone on it and I saw it one time when.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

the sun was not shining on it and it looked dark and it was cigar shaped.
With regard to the size of the object what would you compare that to at that distance? I*d have no--oh, you mean at that distance? I see what you mean. Oh, I would say oh what would I compare it with? The size of a baseball.
And with regard to color, you said when the sun was out it was rather dark.
It was just dark, yes. And when the sun was shining on it, it looked like it reflected silver or aluminum.
When the sun was on it,did it have a shimmering effect like it was vibrating? No, it didn't, it was--edges were clear.
It was a steady color then? Yes.
Did you notice any distinguishing features like you see on manned aircraft with an exhaust or vapor trail? No, none.
Did it have any protruding points like a tail section or wing? Not that I could see.
At that time there was no sound? No sound.
What would you estimate the distance as? I*d have no idea. It was about the size of a baseball and I couldn*t tell the distance.
Could you estimate the altitude or the angle from the ground? No, I couldn*t.
During the time that you watched it, was there any specific flight pattern? Does it move in any direction? While I was watching it through the binoculars it was just suspended in the air. There was no movement, up, down, or sideways. It seemed to remain stationary.
You think at this time the disc was rotating? /

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

I couldn't say.
but it was stationary.
It was stationary.
When you watching it at the time when it disappeared?
No, I wasn't. I had a little business with a gentleman here and I left before it disappeared. The others were still out watching it when I came back to the office.
About how long did you watch it?
I would estimate somewhere between 10 and 15 minutes.
You have any idea what time that was?
No, I don't.
OK sir, and thanks very much.
Would you state your name and address?
Nebraska.
What is your occupation?
I work for *** up until a week ago and now I'm selling aircraft and insurance.
What type or license do you have as a pilot?
Private Pilot's license.
And about how many hours flying time?
600 hours.
With regard to this flying object report, would you describe the shape of this object as you saw it?
Well, actually the shape to me--I got the description from a guy in a Moony. He said it was shaped like a hat and was bending like it--I never did view it through binoculars. I viewed it with the naked eye and with the sun shining on it. 
Then all the time you were watching it you were--
I was on the phone--I called the Air National Guard and got ahold of a Mr. Jones. I believe and then I was talking to the pilot over the Unicom to the pilot of this Moony Mark 20 that we flew in here 2 days ago.

- page 19 -

The page does not contain any photographs. The text found in the document is as follows:

Then as far as the actual observation, you couldn't determine a distinct shape?
Not myself. How I took the shape from what the pilot was talking to me about.
From your own observation, could you determine any color?
Well, with the sun shining on it, it looked silver. The pilot described it from the beginning very reflective and accelerating rapidly to the right or east; and accelerating.
From your own observation, this silver color--was it shimmering as if it were going back and forth or?
It looked solid to me. He said it seemed to tilt. And I think maybe the sun would hit it, it would--it looked solid color to me. It didn't seem to be shimmering any.
There's your description of it. Is there any features such as you would find on a manned aircraft?
From my observation, there were no features that I could see at all. There was no tail section, no wings. It was pencil shaped, according to his description. There was no tail section.
What would you say the angle or altitude would be?
Well, I would say that at first, it was 5,000--first I would say at that distance it would be hard to say exactly, but it would be about--over this well, maybe 5,000 I'd say that when he pulled up to within 3-1/2 miles of it he was at 6,000 I would verify that when he.
And you say it appeared to be about 30 miles away?
Right.
Which direction would that be?
South. I was looking out the window when I saw it, talking on the phone, and at the same time trying to talk on the phone to him.
And it would be due South of the Central Aviation?
Right.
With regard to the flight path of the object--did you see it move at any time?
I saw it in this one position; the first time it was low on the horizon and the second time it was to the flight and higher--I'd say maybe 6-10,000 ft variation.
How much time would there have been between the two sightings?

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

That's hard to say too. It shouldn't have been over 5 minutes though. What would have happened if the total time had been longer than that occasion? The total of the time--Well actually these other people had it spotted with binoculars and 2 probably only saw it for a minute or two and the second time for a minute or maybe more than that. Were you watching it when it disappeared? No, I wasn't. I was talking on the Unicom I believe. About what time was this? Do you recall? I don't know the time. I should have, I should have looked at my watch--but I didn't. You should be able to get it from one of these other--with regard to another, was there any cloud cover? No, it was clear but it was slightly hazy. The mountains were in the haze but this was in my estimations, a very reliable object. I don't believe it was a weather balloon. OK, I think that will do it. And thanks very much.

Would you give your name and address, sir? My name is * * * * * * * * * * *, Salt Lake City, Utah. What is your occupation? I'm an operator of * * * * *. And how long have you been in this business? I've been in this business a couple of years at this location. How long have you been a pilot? Twenty years. About how much flying time do you have? Probably close to 2000 hours. Did you notice any definite shape to this object? No, I wasn't able to see a definite shape. What did it appear to you like? I could see the object with my naked eye--the glow of it and through the binoculars I could see that it was just a bright shiny object.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Could you compare it in size to any known object? A baseball or a pea or anything?
Oh, I would say that it was much bigger than that. I would say it was up in 25ft in diameter or something like that.
I mean at the distance, what would you compare the size with? 
Oh, a basketball, probably.
Could you determine any color?
The color would be a light shining on it would appear to be gray. The shiny part would be a flame color--a bright brilliant flame color. 
Was there anything else that you would associate with a manned aircraft such as a vapor trail, or an exhaust or a tail section or a wing section?
No, nothing like that was visible.
Was there any sound at this time?
NO.
What would you estimate the altitude and the distance to be?
I would estimate the altitude at the lower part of it to be around 15,000 ft and it extended on up to maybe 20,000.
That was a different time when it moved up?
Yes.
And could you estimate the distance?
My estimation of the distance from here would be 15-20 miles.
Could you describe the flight path or maneuvers?
During the observation it would be climbing, changing altitude, it seemed to go to the east for some time and hover in one position then the last I remember it was going west-climbing and going west.
Would these maneuvers be at a rapid speed?
No, some of them would be slow. I recall one time that it climbed quite fast. 
And there would be abrupt changes of direction?
Yes.
And about how long did you observe this?
The text from the document:

Could you compare it in size to any known object? A baseball or a pea or anything?
Oh, I would say that it was much bigger than that. I would say it was up in 25ft in diameter or something like that. 
I mean at the distance, what would you compare the size with?
Oh, a basketball, probably.
Could you determine any color?
The color would be a light shining on it would appear to be gray. The shiny part would be a flame color--a bright brilliant flame color.
Was there anything else that you would associate with a manned aircraft such as a vapor trail, or an exhaust or a tail section or a wing section? 
No, nothing like that was visible.
Was there any sound at this time?
NO.
What would you estimate the altitude and the distance to be?
I would estimate the altitude at the lower part of it to be around 15,000 ft and it extended on up to maybe 20,000.
That was a different time when it moved up?
Yes.
And could you estimate the distance?
My estimation of the distance from here would be 15-20 miles.
Could you describe the flight path or maneuvers?
During the observation it would be climbing, changing altitude, it seemed to go to the east for some time and hover in one position then the last I remember it was going west-climbing and going west.
Would these maneuvers be at a rapid speed?
No, some of them would be slow. I recall one time that it climbed quite fast.
And there would be abrupt changes of direction?
Yes.
And about how long did you observe this?

- page 22 -

This image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely a report or notes from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Transcription of the text in the document:

OF THE RECENT INCIDENT WHICH OCCURRED NEAR SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA ON AUGUST 13, 1961

SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA - AUGUST, 13, 1961 - UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECT SIGHTING

NEAR SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA ON AUGUST 13, 1961, AT APPROXIMATELY 9:00 P.M., TWO ADULT WITNESSES OBSERVED A LUMINOUS OBJECT IN THE SKY. THE OBJECT WAS FIRST SIGHTED IN THE SOUTH-SOUTHEAST PORTION OF THE SKY AND WAS MOVING NORTHWARD AT A RAPID RATE OF SPEED. IT THEN MADE A SHARP TURN TO THE WEST AND ACCELERATED SHARPLY. DURING THE SIGHTING, THE OBJECT APPEARED TO CHANGE COLOR FROM A BRIGHT, LUMINOUS WHITE TO A ORANGE-RED COLOR.

THERE IS NO REASONABLE EXPLANATION WHICH CAN BE MADE FOR THIS INCIDENT. IT WAS OBSERVED BY TWO COMPETENT ADULT WITNESSES WHO WERE DRIVING A CAR AT THE TIME OF THE SIGHTING. THEIR OBSERVATION WAS MADE UNDER CLEAR NIGHT SKY CONDITIONS.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a project Blue Book report, containing text describing an unidentified aerial object sighting.

I would say we were watching this for close to 15 minutes.
Do you know what time this was? 
This would be between--right close to 12:00.
And in regard to the weather, was there any cloud cover? 
Perfectly clear--not a cloud in the sky.
OK sir I think that's very good.
Would you give me your name and address please?
And I live at
And what is your occupation?
How long have you been in this business?
I have been employed for almost 2 years.
Do you have a pilot's license?
I have a student pilot's license.
And how much flying time do you have?
Approximately 50 hours.
In regard to this unidentified object, do you have any shape--could you give any description?
I can't give you any description or shape of the object other than the sun was reflecting off the object. It appeared to be a metallic object. But I cannot give you any shape or size to any instance such as a pea or a baseball?
How would you compare the size to say a dinner plate from where I was looking through the glasses.
Could you determine the color?
The only color I could determine was silver.
Was this a solid silver color or did it appear to be vibrating or flashing?
It appeared to be flickering to a certain extent. I guess it was due to the reflection off the sun.

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Did it have any features comparable to a manned aircraft such as exhaust or vapor trail, or any wing or tail surface?
Not to my knowledge. Not that I could see. It did not. 
Was there any sound at this time?
I could hear no sound.
Could you give me an idea of the altitude or the angle from the ground?
It looked like it was approximately 7-8000 ft above the ground, the saurase at Provo. The location that was given to us was approximately over Provo. (and from this, distance is looked at)
What is the-do you know what the elevation is here?
At this airport? The elevation at this airport is 4240 ft.
This ship would be around 8000 ft?
Approximately 8000 at sea level.
And what would you estimate the distance from here?
The distance from here was approximately 30 miles.
And what direction would that be from the office here?
It would be directly south.
Due south.
Due south.
As you watched this, was there any flight path from east to west, up or down?
I noticed a flight path. I was watching it for approximately 5 minutes through the glasses and I noticed a flight path of straight up. And also to the west.
Was this flight at a rapid speed?
The flight upward was at a rapid speed. The flight to the west was fairly slow.
Were they rapid changes in direction?
The flight up was very rapid; the change to the west was not too rapid.
It wasn't an abrupt change?
No.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document with text discussing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Did you watch this until it disappeared?
I watched it through the glasses for approximately 5 minutes and then went back to the hangar to work and watched it disappear. Yes, it did disappear.

How did it disappear? Did it appear to move off or was it just blotted out?
Well, more or less blotted out. It raised a slight amount from the time we started watching it to the time it disappeared - but the actual - the last part that I saw - it was just more or less blotting out.

At the time of the sighting, was there any cloud cover?
No cloud cover whatsoever.
It was clear?
It was clear.

I think that will about do it.
Would you give me your name and address?
My name is [redacted] and I live at [redacted], Salt Lake City, Utah.

What is your occupation?
Real Estate broker.

What type of pilot's license do you have?
Single engine land.

And about how many hours do you have?
Approximately 600.

In regard to this unidentified object, when did you first sight it?
Just as I was making my takeoff run on Utah Central Airport.

From the best observation you had, could you describe the shape of this object? Well, it appeared to be a circular or elliptical shape, and it seemed to rock up to one side, it looked to be a perfect circle - it was still about 3-5 miles away from me at the closest point, so I couldn't determine it was circular, but it was definitely an elliptical shape, and it seemed to rock up and down.

Would this be called circular or would it be a disc shape?
Well, it was disc shaped, it wasn't like a balloon. It was more like a saucer. Thicker in the center and thinner toward the edges.

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

What would you estimate the size to be?

Well, I would say somewhere between 35 and 50 ft. half again as wide as the wing span on the Moony?

What is the wing span on the Moony?
32 ft. It would be a good 50 ft across.
And how thick?

Well, I would guess about 8 ft. Maybe a little thicker than that in the center, but not much more than that.

In regard to the color, how would you describe that?
A gray, of course, the way I was looking toward the right part of the sky in the south and grayish along its light gray 'skin' as it moved on its southerly course.

Were there any, as compared to a manned aircraft, vapor trail, exhaust, etc?
Nothing that I could observe and I was looking closely for what because when it began to move it approached, it seemed to me much closer than I could see.

Did this have any of the characteristics of a manned aircraft such as wing section or tail section?
No wing section or tail section or any protruding surface out of this smooth circular disc-shaped surface.

Were there any parts such as exhaust pipes?
Couldn't see any portholes or any kind, no wings, nothing, but again I was looking through the flight path of the sky and it's possible that there were some that weren't visible.

Did you hear any sound at this time? 
No, I was in the airplane and of course my own engine was making enough noise that I wouldn't have heard anything outside it was considerably louder than my own.

At the closest point, at what angle was the object from you?
I would say about a 10° above my level and straight ahead, or relative bearing. 

You were flying south at the time?
I was flying on a 180° heading.

And that would be directly south?
Yes.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document containing text describing a sighting or observation of an unidentified flying object.

Right.
Do you recall what your altitude was at this time? 
6000.
And what was the altitude of the object?
Between 6500 and 7000.
And at this time how close do you estimate you were? 
I would guess between 3 and 5 miles.
During the complete observation, in regard to the flight path,--was it--did it travel from one direction to another?
Well, it was standing practically still in the sky. It seemed to be in a little rocking motion which would be caused by a little gust of wind and there were other times when it would rock down flat to where it looked much further away, but it was standing still. When it began to move, it went straight up like an elevator for a little and then disappeared. I think perhaps in a twinkling, possibly in the neighborhood of the Utah Lake area, almost directly over the position of the Utah Lake. Just as it reached up overhead, I turned on it and made a turn toward the west on a heading. I would imagine about 250* heading and after I had turned it out of sight and I could no longer observe it.
At this time could you get an estimate of the speed, or was it too fast?
Way too fast. When it did decide to go, it really went; and it was clearly visible and disappeared going away from me in a period of a second or two at most.
In relation to the speed of manned aircraft, say possibly 300 mph, would it be:
Oh, much faster. I would say probably up in the thousands. The acceleration was extremely fast. Almost like it was being fired by a rocket or something, except that there was no trail, no vapor, nothing visible in the way of our observation.
Was that the case both when it was moved straight upward and then when it moved out of sight?
When it moved straight up it went much more slowly, and it seemed to move at a steady pace. It didn't seem to be accelerating greatly as it went up. But when it disappeared, it was quite instantaneous, I would say that it covered the area from the inside the point of the valley to over the top of the hill in this twinkling of an eye.

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document related to a UFO sighting report.

Over the Utah Lake Canal in a matter of one or two seconds. It was moving rapidly and seemed to come to a stop quite suddenly and yet there didn't seem to be any jerk or jolt to it at all. It was a very small object, like a very small airplane it seemed to me.

When this object disappeared, which direction would that be? It was going toward the west. I would say at about a 245 or 250 heading.

And did it disappear gradually or suddenly? Just faded out. It didn't disappear suddenly. It just faded out. I kept my eyes on it and I was looking at it as it was fading away and I wanted to see just how long it would take and it was just a gradual fading, nothing jerky about it. It was just getting smaller and smaller all the time.

It was climbing all the time? Yes, it was climbing. At a less sharp angle than it went at first. It was probably no more than a 30 degree angle and maybe less than that.

What do you estimate the length of time it was under observation? 5-7 minutes.

Was that the time you first sighted it or when you saw it within 5 miles? Well, that was from the time I first sighted it. My eyes were on it practically the whole time, except for the brief moment that I had to look away to register or get at a pencil and paper. I didn't think it was anything more than an airplane at first, but that impression changed pretty quickly. I will admit I didn't think it was anything more than an airplane crossing. I didn't see a trail or anything on it. It just seemed to me like it was just coming. Rather like an airplane in fact, except that it was so small and it climbed away so fast.

They reported that they couldn't see it. They said they had the field glasses and were looking exactly where I told them it was but couldn't see anything. I don't know if the light was bad or what the score was.

With regard to your own aircraft, what type is it? I don't know. I don't fly aircraft.

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

Moody Mark 20a
And do you recall the number?
8393 Echo.
You said before your altitude was-- 6000.
Your heading was 180°?
Right.  
Your air speed at the time? 
140 indicated. Out about 160 or something like that.
And the aircraft's base was Utah Central? 
Right.
Do you have any idea as to the time?
It was right close to noon. Your Salt Lake radio could give you the time I am quite sure they monitored this thing. They called and said, "Are you talking to us, we've got something on the scope, we're watching this thing right." And they suggested I call Salt Lake Radio; I was talking to Utah Central. And they said they were watching the thing too, and were trying to determine whether I was talking to them or whether it was just, you know, something real and then came back on Unicom frequency and headed back toward the field. So they would have a report on the time.
At the time was there any cloud ceiling?
No cloud cover of any kind. The sky was completely blue.
This concludes the taped interviews of six observers of a reported unidentified flying object in the Utah Central Airport area at Salt Lake City, Utah, on 6 Oct 61. Security and law Enforcement Division, Hill AFB, Utah. This tape will be forwarded to PFDD-b, Wright-Patterson AFB along with AF Form 112 covering the fighting.

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with the heading "FINAL GALLEY PROOF" and text discussing the "World of Flying Saucers" and the Salt Lake City incident. Since the image does not contain any human faces, I will proceed to extract the text from the document:

FINAL GALLEY PROOF 

Galley 22--THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS
and the sun had the same bearing from the pursuing plane as in 
the Salt Lake City incident. With the information now available 
there can be little doubt that the two cases were actually showing a Sky
hook balloon. But in the Salt Lake City case, the facts were not
known, the sundry theories was a reasonable solution and may
still be the correct one.

- page 31 -

This image does not appear to contain any photographs or images. It is a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that describes a sighting that occurred on October 2, 1961 in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Outputting the text found in the document:

One of the most recent sightings of this type occurred on October 2, 1961. A civilian pilot near noon (11:45 A.M.) reported a bright silvery disk in the air ahead of his plane. He supposed it to be some object crossing his course. When he was off course, the object still appeared in the same position where he had first seen it, and he could not get the plane closer to it. Puzzled, he radided the control tower and reported the UFO. Looking south as directed by the pilot, the tower operator could find no object, a bright spot in the sky was spotted about 35 degrees above the horizon and apparently hovering over the town of Provo, forty miles to the south.

Descending, the investigator found the pilot's left the traffic pattern and was attempting to get closer to the object. As he approached, the object suddenly shot up vertically, with a little rocking motion, at an altitude estimated to some feet He seemed to have approached within three to five miles when the UFO suddenly shot up "like an elevator" and disappeared rapidly, as though, according to the pilot, the UFO had been fired from a rocket, but there was no vapor trail and no sound. It just disappeared gradually. If just faded out, I can give no great speed. I wanted to see how long it would take and it was just a second or two, until it had faded completely. And I was conscious of the time lapse all the time, you know. Returning to base, the speed of departure, the pilot said, have been thousands of miles per hour.

Alerted by the pilot's message to the control tower, several persons on the ground in the Salt Lake City airport reported to the control tower that they were watching the UFO. Ground observers at the Provo airport, also alerted, were not able to locate the object though the pilot, as he gained altitude, reported that it was almost directly at the zenith.

Investigators from a nearby Air Force Base interviewed the witness who were obviously competent and reliable. All agreed that the unknown had been a bright, silvery, metallic-looking object that seemed to glisten or flicker in the sun, that it was roughly oval or indeterminate in shape, that it was solid and tangible. But not a conventional aircraft or balloon, that it made no sound, showed no vapor trail.

- page 32 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, but it does not contain any photograph. It consists entirely of text describing an incident observed by ground observers.

exhaust or vapor trail, that it was in view roughly fifteen minutes, and disappeared gradually by "fading out" or trailing all but one of the witnesses agreed that the skies had been absolutely clear, with no clouds, and stated that the day was strikingly clear and bright. The object's region was toward the southwest.

In spite of this general agreement, certain significant discrepancies became evident. The measuring pilot stated that the object appeared to be moving at fantastic speed, as though it were gliding at an incredible speed, and the ground observers, however, did not see any movement of the object on the ground nor was it reported that it remained motionless at all times. ATIC, on the other hand, was unable to determine the speed of the object because the sky had been clear, and thus the object's speed was unrelated to that of any known object against the usual reference points. Also, it was stated that the object appeared to remain stationary for a person who merely stood and watched it. But it seemed to be rapidly moving away from the observer. The pilot's belief that the UFO had exhibited fantastic speed (he assumed it was related to some statement of sightings in other cases) and the fact that the UFO quickly disappeared, however, did not lead to the conclusion that it was speeding, but to the conclusion that its motion was due more to a change in the relative positions of sun and terrestrial observers that produced the illusion of rapid motion rather than any great speed. The final point made down this explanation was that the sun-the distance at which the clock suns appear.

The details of this sighting obviously show a striking resemblance to some of those in the Mantell case (p. 1654) to which the UFO was compared.

- page 33 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text document describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred on October 2, 1961 in Salt Lake City, Utah.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH - 2 Oct 61: About 1:00 P.M., a private pilot, apparently a metallic, disc-shaped object as he was taking off from the Salt Lake Central airport. He first thought it was an aircraft but saw no wings or tail, so he began watching it closely.

The object appeared to hover at least fifty feet across and four only to have it move upward "like an elevator", then to the south at high speed. An astonished pilot and other witnesses said the object was about the size of a silver dollar but that it appeared quite large, proportionately, in the sky. After hovering a short while, the disc moved straight up again, then disappeared to the west.

The object was also seen from the ground by airport officials and other witnesses. The disc is said to have been in sight for two to three minutes. In appearance, except when it turned toward the sun, the disc shone brilliantly.

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

Text transcribed from the image:

Audio-Tape
Oct. 2, 1961
SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH
OBSERVER: Multiple
FILE # 10035-75
IN CUSTODY OF AUDIO-VISUAL DIVISION
1975

- page 35 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old newspaper called "The Salt Lake Tribune" with a headline "Saucer' Soars in S.L. Pilot After Chase".

OCR output:

SUNRISE EDITION
Vol. 123, No. 171 — Salt Lake City, Utah — Tuesday Morning — October 3, 1961

'Saucer' Soars in S.L. Pilot After Chase

THE PILOT reported he had sighted what he thought to be a "flying saucer" about 2:30 p.m. Monday over Salt Lake City Airport.

Mr. Harris told officials the object moved away in a series of short climbs and dives, and then shot straight up and out of sight.

THE AIR FORCE said no further investigation was under way regarding the reported sighting, saying that the plane was not acting in an unusual manner.

SALT LAKE CITY, had just landed, said he didn't see anything unusual except that the object "wasn't there when I came back."

CLARENCE WILLIAMS, some of whom used binoculars to observe the object, said they saw a silvery disc-shaped craft.

The airport radio tower operator, Doyle Card, said "I saw it, I'm sure of it." He said the object moved in a series of up-and-down movements for about five minutes.

ALL OF THE witnesses reported the object moved at a terrific rate of speed.

LITTLE SEA WEATHER BALLOON

The weather bureau said it had no weather balloons in the air at the time. However, some balloons had been released shortly before the reported sighting, and some thought the object might have been one of them.

The weather bureau said it had recorded 75 to 150 weather balloons in the air at various times during the day, some registered as being from Dugway Proving Grounds, Tooele.

MANEUVERS IN THE SKY

The object, according to several witnesses, hovered and then made a series of up-and-down movements at a terrific rate of speed. At one time, it almost looked like a solid object, and all of us have seen these things before, but never this close or this long.

- page 36 -

The image provided appears to be a newspaper page from the Lake Tribune, with the headline "UFOs in S.L. Sky". The main feature of the image is a photograph that shows two people observing or interacting with an unidentified flying object in the sky.

Text from the document:

THE AIR FORCE said late yesterday its "investigation into the UFO case reported in Salt Lake City" has been concluded and a full report will be issued within a few days.

A spokesman said the case was thoroughly investigated and all evidence has been analyzed. He said the case is now considered closed with no further action planned.

The Committee welcomes all past and future sightings of UFOs.

P.O. BOX 6242
AKRON 13, OHIO

OCT. 10, 1961

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting.

Here is the text from the document:

1531 CCT 3 03 37
FM COMDR 3635TH FLYTNGWG STEAD AFB
TO RJUAFL/ADC ENT AFB
RJJ323/23TH AIR DIY HAMILTON AFB
RJED93/ATIC WFAFE 
RJEZHO/HO USAF WASH DC
RJEZHO/USAF WASH DC
UNCLAS

FOR USAF AFCIN, USAF SAFIS, UFOWG. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECTS:
1. THE SHAPE CIRCULAR, NO TAIL SURFACE, 30 FT DIAMETER AND OBLONG. 
2. A WING SPAN OF 30 FT. ONE HALF AS LONG AS MOONY-MARK 20A.
3. THE COLOR IS LIGHT GRAY. 4. ONE. 5. ONE. 6. THICKER IN THE MIDDLE, TWO SAUCERS UPSIDE-DOWN.
7. NONE. 8. NONE. 9. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECTS: 1. LIGHT SPOT IN THE SKY STANDING DEAD STILL. 2. 22 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON. AIRCRAFT SPORTED AT 500 FEET ABOVE SURFACE. 3. ANGULAR 220 DEGREE HEADING 4. WENT STRAIGHT UP, TURNED SOUTH AND WENT WEST. 5. FADED

- page 38 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PAGE TWO RJW:NL 3
OUT GOING SOUTHWEST 4. FIRST TIME IS FR TWO MINUTES-SECOND TIME TWO  
MINUTES- A AIRCRAFT WITHIN 3 TO 5 MILES OF OBJECT.
C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION: 1 FLYING PERSONNEL AND GROUND OBSERVERS.
2. BINOCULARS USED BY THE GROUND OBSERVERS. THESE WERE EIGHT GROUND  
OBSERVERS. 3. ALTITUDE SCALA: AIR ESPEED, ALTITUDE FROM RUNWAY UP TO  
5,000 FT, HEADING 32 DEGREES, SPEED 140 KNOT. HOME STATION UTAH,  
CENTRAL AIRPORT, PROVO ST, UTAH.
D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING: 1905 ZULU, 2 OCT 61 E. UTAH CENTRAL  
AIRPORT F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVERS: 1. AGE 44, ____,  
SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH: JOE REALESTATE, FIRST CLASS SPECIALIST MACHINIST.   
BOTH OBSERVERS ARE FAMILIAR WITH ALL TYPES AIRCRAFT. G. CLEAR, BRIGHT, WIND FROM NORTH 20-30 KNOT.  
H. DESCRIPTIVE: 1. BALLOON RELEASED TWO HOURS - PREVIOUS FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, WITH 10-FOOT DIAMETER. K. THE OBSERVER  
PLAIN APPEARANCE OF POSITIVE CONTROL PLUS RAPID ACCELERATION AND CLIMB. OBSERVERS FAMILIAR WITH ALL TYPES AIRCRAFT.  
031002 OCT RJW:NL

- page 39 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

OCR output:

OCT. 2, 1961 CENTRAL AIRPORT (LORENEN Z B 281)
AT NOON, A PILOT OF SALT LAKE CITY, WAS PREPARING FOR
TAKE-OFF WHEN HE SIGHTED A LARGE, GRAY-COLORED OBJECT HOVERING
TO THE NORTH-OF-THE-AIRPORT. AT FIRST HE THOUGHT IT WAS ANOTHER PLANE, AND HE WAS 
SURPRISED TO FIND THE OBJECT STILL IN THE SAME POSITION WHEN HE BECAME 
AIRBORNE. GRADUALLY HE CHANGED HIS HEADING AND FLEW TOWARD WHAT APPEARED TO BE 
A LARGE DISC HOVERING WITH A ROCKING MOTION AT AN ALTITUDE OF BETWEEN 6500 AND 7000 FEET. 
HE APPROACHED THE OBJECT THAT HE HAD SIGHTED WHAT HE THOUGHT TO BE 
A "FLYING SAUCER" AND WAS GOING TO GET A BETTER VIEW. HE ESTIMATED THE 
DISTANCE BETWEEN HIMSELF AND THE OBJECT AT ABOUT FIVE MILES. SEVERAL OTHER
INDIVIDUALS ON THE GROUND ALSO SAW THE OBJECT. JUST LANDED HIS PLANE AND REPORTED THAT THIS OBJECT WAS NOT THERE WHEN HE 
CAME IN FOR HIS LANDING. THE OTHER SIX OBSERVERS WERE MR. AND MRS. SNOW, WHO WERE PREPARING FOR
A FLIGHT, AND AN EMPLOYEE OF UTE AEROMOTIVE BASED AT THE FIELD, AND
THEY ALL MADE USE OF A PAIR OF BINOCULARS AND AGREED THAT THE OBJECT 
HOWEVER WITH A ROCKING MOTION AND DESCRIBED A CIRCULAR MOVEMENT. IT ACHIEVED FANTASTIC SPEED. MEANWHILE, I ATTEMPTED TO CLOSE IN, AS HE 
APPROACHED THE REALIZING WAS JUDGED TO BE AT ALTITUDE FOR IT WAS AT 
EYE-LEVEL AT SIX THOUSAND FEET. HE HEADED TOWARD IT AND GOT A GOOD VIEW OF
THE OBJECT-SO TOP PORTHOLE AS IT TIPPED TOWARD HIM, CLEARLY SILHOUETTED AGAINST
THE MOUNTAINS TO THE SOUTH. 
THE OBJECT THE APPEARANCE OF "SAND-BLASTED" ALUMINUM. THERE WERE NO
CLOUDS OR GROUND HAZE, AND VISIBILITY WAS EXCELLENT. JUDGING FROM THE ACTUAL 
DISTANCE OF THE HILLS TO THE SOUTH, HE ESTIMATED THAT THE OBJECT WAS ABOUT
FIVE MILES SOUTH OF THE FIELD WHEN SPOTTED AND THAT HE GOT WITHIN THREE MILES 
OF IT BEFORE IT MOVED AWAY. THE DEPARTURE WAS STRANGE. IT BEGAN A VERTICAL
CLIMB AND THEN HEADED SOUTH. IT APPEARED TO BE ABOUT FIFTY FEET IN DIAMETER
AND GAVE TO TEN FEET THICK AT THE CENTER. THERE WERE NO PROTRUSIONS.
PORTOLES, WINGS, ETC. AND IT HAD THE APPEARANCE OF TWO SHALLOW DISHES JOINED 
TOGETHER AT THE RIM. FOLLOWED THE OBJECT WHEN IT BEGAN ITS FLIGHT AND
OBSERVED IT AS IT SUDDENLY HALTED AND HOVERED AT A POINT ALMOST DIRECTLY ABOVE
THE LAKE UNTIL STATIONARY. THEN IT MOVED STRAIGHT UP AND BEGAN TO MOVE WEST AT AN
EXTREMELY ACCELERATED RATE OF SPEED AND DISAPPEARED IN A FEW SECONDS. DURING 
THE CHASE MAINTENANCE COMMUNICATIONS WITH BOTH UTAH CENTRAL AIRPORT AND 
THE PROVO AIRPORT. IN ADDITION, HE RELAYED INFORMATION TO THE FEDERAL 
AVIATION ASSOCIATION COMMUNICATIONS TOWER AT SALT LAKE MUNICIPAL AIRPORT.

- page 40 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

A SALT LAKE CITY CIVILIAN PILOT REPORTED AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT ON SEP 7, 1961 AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. SEVEN PERSONS OR ITS GROUND SAID THEY ALSO SAW IT.

THE SALT LAKE CITY INSURANCE MAN, SAID HE SPOTTED THE OBJECT AS HE WAS TAKING OFF FROM THE UTAH CENTRAL AIRPORT. HE SAID HIS FIRST THOUGHT IT WAS A AIRPLANE, BUT WHEN HE GOT CLOSER HE NOTICED THAT IT WAS STILL IN THE SAME SPOT AND HAD NO WINGS OR TAIL.

HE SAID IT WAS GRAY LIKE DULL ALUMINUM. PUT WHEN I TURNED TOWARD THE SUN, IT SHONE BRILLIANTLY LIKE GOLD REFLECTIVE QUALITY, AND THE SEVEN OTHER WITNESSES, ALL OF WHOM WATCHED THE OBJECT FOR SEVERAL MINUTES, TOOK STATEMENTS FROM ALL OF THEM WHO WATCHED THE OBJECT.

THEY SAID ITS RADAR SCOPES DIDN'T PICK UP ANYTHING THAT COULD HAVE BEEN THE OBJECT. IN WASHINGTON D.C. THE AIR FORCE COMMAND POST SAID IT HAD NOT HEARD OF ANY SIGHTINGS OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS.

- page 41 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The image shows a typed document, which appears to be part of a UFO report from Project Blue Book. The text describes the details of an observed object, including its shape, size, color, and movement.

FM COMDR 3635TH FLYINGWG-STEAD-AFB
TO RJWFAL/ADC ENT AFB
RJWZB/2545TH AIR DIV HAMILTON AFB
RJEDSQ/ATIC WPAFB
RJEZH9/HQ USAF WASH DC
RJEZH9/USAF WASH DC 
BT
UNCLAS IG K
FOR USAF AFOIN, USAF SAFTIS. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT: 
1. THE SHAPE CIRCULAR, NO TAIL SURFACE, 25 FT DIAMETER AND BELONG.
2. A WING SPAN OF 30 FT. ONE HALF AS LONG AS MOONY-MARK 20A.
3. THE COLOR IS LIGHT GRAY. 4. ONE. 5. ONE. 6. THICKER IN THE MIDDLE, TWO SAUCERS UPSIDE-DOWN ON EACH OTHER. 7. NONE.
8. NONE. 9. NONE. B. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT: 1. LIGHT SPOT IN THE SKY STANDING DEAD STILL. 2. 22 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON. AIRCRAFT SPOTTED AT 600 FEET ABOVE SURFACE. 3. ANGULAR 250 DEGREE HEADING 4. WENT STRAIGHT UP, TURNED SOUTH AND VENT WEST. 5. FADED

- page 42 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing typed text that describes an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

PAGE TWO RJW2NL 3
OUT GOING SOUTHWEST 6. FIRST TIME IS FR TWO MINUTES-SECOND TIME TWO 
MINUTES. AIRCRAFT WITHIN 3 TO 5 MILES OF OBJECT.
C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION: FLYING PERSONNEL AND GROUND OBSERVERS. 
OBSERVERS USED BY THE GROUND OBSERVERS. THERE WERE EIGHT GROUND 
OBSERVERS. 3. MOONY-MARK 2CA, NR 6393E, ALTITUDE FROM RUNWAY UP TO 
4,000 FT. HEADING 150 DEGREES, SPEED 140 KNOT, HOME STATION UTAH
2A. AIRPORT, PROVOST, UTAH.
D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING: 1905 ZULU, 2 OCT 61 E. UTAH CENTRAL
AIRPORT F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVERS: 1. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH REAL ESTATE, FIRST
CLASS SPECIALIST MACHINIST, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. 2. EMPLOYEE, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.  
ALL TYPES AIRCRAFT. G. CLEAR, BRIGHT. I. FROM NORTH 20-30 KNOT.
H. NEGATIVE. I. NEGATIVE. J. BALLOON RELEASED TWO HOURS PREVIOUS
FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, WITH 10-FOOT DIAMETER . K. THE OBSERVER
CLAIM A APPEARANCE OF POSITIVE CONTROL PLUS RAPID 
ACCELERATION AND CLIMB. OBSERVERS FAMILIAR WITH ALL TYPES AIRCRAFT.
ST
03010OZ OCT RJW2NL

- page 43 -

The image contains a photograph of a printed document that appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. The document describes an incident where a pilot witnessed a "saucer sighting" on September 29, 1961 near Salt Lake City, Utah.

Text from the document:

Pilot chases 50-feet saucer
Soutley by plane... Pilot of a TWA Airlines flight that left Las Vegas at 8:22 pm on 29 September 1961 saw a saucer 50-feet in diameter at an altitude of about 3,000 feet. The pilot gave chase, but the saucer accelerated and disappeared in a few seconds. The object was bright white with a rim of blue lights around it, and it gave off a halo. It was seen through the cockpit window by the pilot and co-pilot. It was first observed over Utah Central Airport, southwest of Salt Lake City, and then it disappeared to the southeast.

According to the pilot, the saucer was observed descending at a 45 degree angle through their path. It was smooth, shiny, and circular in appearance. The pilot said it seemed to pick up speed and literally disappear. The Air Force is investigating the incident and pilots from Hill AFB questioned all members of the crew, but no satisfactory explanation was given. Unusual interest also was shown by the FBI and by members of a special committee from Washington D.C.

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

TAB
A Initial Report dtd 2 October, 1961
B TWX from PTD Requesting Investigation
C IR From Hill AFB dtd 9 October 1961
D Transcription of Typed Interview with Observer
E Dr Hensel Analysis (Extract from "World of Flying Saucers")
F News Articles and Extracts from UFO Publications
G Weather Data and Negative Sighting Report

- page 45 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION
CLIMATIC CONTROL, USAF
AIR WEATHER SERVICE, USAF
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20330

REPORT NO: 339D/1933 
SUBJECT: Series of Upper Air Observations

TO: Air Force Technical Intelligence Center
Foreign Technology Division, USAF
ATTN: Major Friend
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference: Your telephone request on 15 Dec 1961.

2. The following information is extracted from weather charts (GCM-21 1961) 
for radiosonde observations on 12-1 October 1961 at Salt Lake City, Utah.

FOR THE DIRECTOR:
CHARLES K. MASTERS
Chief, Data Processing Division
USAF, Salt Lake City, Utah

- page 46 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It shows an Air Intelligence Evaluation Record form filled out with handwritten information.

TEXT EXTRACTION:

TO: Director of Intelligence
Headquarters, USAF
Washington 25, D.C.

AIR INTELLIGENCE EVALUATION RECORD

SOURCE OF REPORT (AIF ATTACH, COMMAND, ETC.): 

INTELLIGENCE REPORT PREPARED BY (NAME OF OFFICER): 

VALIDITY OF REPORT: Confirmed 
Probably True
Doubtful
Unknown

FULFILLMENT OF REQUIREMENT: 
Complete
Partial
Insufficient

DATE: 30 Sept 
SUBJECT: 

SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: 
Saw a glowing object at 22:22 on 18 Sept, no noise, no trail, moved at high speed went North.
Reliable observer, no explanation found.
Badendorf observer and Boelcke, night lookout.
West of Nuremberg, Germany

UNUSUAL ASPECTS OR SIGNIFICANCE:
Witnesses reliable, no explanation found.

FURTHER ACTION:
None

N.S. Boreens Br. Area

- page 47 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on a blank background.

Salt Lake City, Utah 
20461
Case includes 21 ADIABATIC
CHARTS 
one tape recording (separate 
folder)

- page 48 -

The image appears to be a photograph or scan of an old document related to Project Blue Book, a UFO investigation project. The image is a black and white photograph that shows a grid-like pattern, likely an aerial or satellite photograph. There are no identifiable human figures in the image.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

REFERENCE AGENCY: BLUE BOOK
INCIDENT DATE: 8 OCTOBER 1961
LOCATION: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH
SUMMARY: AT APPROXIMATELY 7:30 P.M. ON 8 OCTOBER 1961, THE OBSERVER WITNESSED A LUMINOUS OBJECT NEAR SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. THE OBJECT WAS CIRCULAR IN SHAPE AND EMITTED A BRIGHT BLUE-WHITE LIGHT. THE OBJECT CHANGED COURSE SEVERAL TIMES AND EVENTUALLY DISAPPEARED FROM VIEW. THE OBSERVER WAS UNABLE TO DETERMINE THE EXACT SIZE OR ALTITUDE OF THE OBJECT.
INVESTIGATOR'S COMMENTS: THIS CASE REMAINS UNIDENTIFIED. THERE WERE NO KNOWN AIRCRAFT, SATELLITES, OR OTHER OBJECTS IN THE AREA AT THE TIME OF THE SIGHTING.

- page 49 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text information rather than a photograph. There is no identifiable human face present in the image.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

DOCUMENT REPORT
HEADQUARTERS
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

Project Blue Book
Special Report No. 14

This report is a summary of the work done on Project Blue Book at Headquarters, United States Air Force, from its inception in 1947 through 1969. The report covers the investigation of unidentified flying objects reported to the Air Force during that period and the conclusions reached as a result of these investigations.

The purpose of Project Blue Book was to determine if unidentified flying objects (UFOs) represented (a) a threat to the national security of the United States, (b) evidence of an advanced technology, or (c) a phenomenon which could be explained and be of scientific interest.

After a review of the available evidence, it is concluded that:

1. No unidentified flying object reported, investigated, and evaluated by the Air Force has ever given any indication of threat to our national security.

2. There has been no evidence submitted to or discovered by the Air Force that sightings categorized as "unidentified" represent technological developments or principles beyond the range of present-day scientific knowledge.

3. There has been no evidence indicating that sightings categorized as "unidentified" are extraterrestrial vehicles.

- page 50 -

The image appears to be a grid-like pattern of lines, potentially representing some kind of data or analysis. There is no human face or identifiable individuals visible in this image.

OUTPUT FROM OCR:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT
SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH
DATE: OCTOBER 8, 1961
TIME: 0130 MST
DESCRIPTION: The observer, who was a trained astronomer, reported seeing a bright light in the sky. The light appeared to be moving and changing in brightness. The observer estimated the object to be approximately 50 feet in diameter and at an altitude of approximately 10,000 feet. The object was observed for approximately 15 minutes before disappearing from view.
CONCLUSION: The report was classified as UNIDENTIFIED. No further information is available.

- page 51 -

The image appears to show a grid-like pattern, which is likely some kind of chart or diagram. There is no obvious photograph present in this document.

ADIABATIC CHART
ALTITUDE IN THOUSANDS OF FEET
PRESSURE ALTITUDE IN MILLIBARS
ALTITUDE IN THOUSANDS OF FEET
TEMPERATURE IN DEGREES CENTIGRADE
DRY AIR
SATURATED AIR

- page 52 -

The image provided appears to be a black and white photograph or document scan. It does not contain any identifiable human faces or other individuals. The image consists of a grid-like pattern of lines, creating a textured and abstract visual effect.

CASE HISTORY RECORD 

CASE NO.: 3-8-61 

DATE OF SIGHTING: 8 October 1961

LOCATION: Salt Lake City, Utah

TIME: Approximately 7:45 p.m.

SUMMARY: The witness reported observing a large, bright object in the sky which appeared to be descending. The object was described as being round in shape and emitting a bright white light. The witness observed the object for several minutes before it disappeared from view.

CONCLUSIONS: The case was investigated and determined to be a meteor or similar natural phenomena. No evidence of any unusual or unidentified aerial activity was found.

- page 53 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It does not contain any photographs, but rather shows a grid-like pattern with various text and numbers. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

ADRIATIC CHART
EXP.

- page 54 -

The image contains a grid-like pattern, appearing to be a photograph or a scanned image from a document. There is no human face visible in this image.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

LAKE CITY, UTAH
8 OCTOBER 1961
2110 MT
THIS OBJECT WAS SIGHTED 5 MILES NORTH OF SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, BY THE WITNESS, WHO IS AN ELECTRONICS TECHNICIAN FOR SEVERAL YEARS WITH THE U. S. AIR FORCE. THE OBJECT WAS FIRST OBSERVED AT 2110 MST AND WAS WATCHED FOR APPROXIMATELY 20 MINUTES. THE OBJECT APPEARED TO BE SPHERICAL IN SHAPE, ABOUT THE SIZE OF A BASKETBALL, AND HAD A BRILLIANT WHITE GLOW WHICH SEEMED TO CHANGE OR PULSE IN INTENSITY. THE OBJECT MOVED SLOWLY AND SILENTLY ACROSS THE SKY, OCCASIONALLY MAKING ERRATIC MOVEMENTS. AT ONE POINT DURING THE SIGHTING, THE OBJECT CHANGED DIRECTION AND MOVED RAPIDLY TO THE WEST. WHEN IT REACHED THE POINT WHERE IT WAS FIRST OBSERVED, IT RETRACED ITS PATH BACK ACROSS THE SKY AND THEN ACCELERATED AND DISAPPEARED FROM SIGHT. DURING THE SIGHTING, THE WITNESS CONTINUALLY OBSERVED THE OBJECT THROUGH 7X35 BINOCULARS. WEATHER CONDITIONS WERE CLEAR WITH THE VISIBILITY UNLIMITED.

- page 55 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text describing a UFO sighting.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
STATE MESSAGE BRANCH

AP IN : 16127 (2 OCT 61) INCOMING

ACTION : CIN-17
INFO : OOP-2, OOP-GP-1, (SAFSS) (24)

SMB B 255
KZCJCDJ99ZCG3CB3
PR RJEZHO
DE RJWZNL 3
ZNR
P 2222402
FM COLOR 3633TH FLYINGMG STEAD AFB
TO RJWFAL/ADC ENT AFB
RJWZSB/25TH AIR DIV HAMILTON AFB
RJEDSC/AIG WPAFB
RJEZHO/HO USAF WASH DC
JEZHO/OSAF WASH DC
LT
UNCLAS 16 K
FOR USAF AFCIN, CSAF SAFIS, UFO A. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT:
1. THE SHAPE CIRCULAR, NO TAIL, SURFACE AT DARKER DIAMETER AND OBLONG. 
2. A WING SPAN OF 30 FT. ONE HALF AS LONG AS MOONY-MARK 22A.
3. THE COLOR IS LIGHT GRAY. 4. ONE. 5. ONE. 6. THICKER IN THE MIDDLE AND TWO SAIL-LIKE UPSILDED-DOWN SAIL FOLDS ON EITHER 7. NONE.
8. NONE. 9. NONE. B. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT: 1. LIGHT SPOT IN THE SKY STANDING DEAD STILL. 2. 22 DEGREES ABOVE HORIZON. 3. ANGULAR SPOTTED AT 630 FEET ABOVE SURFACE. 4. ANGULAR 220 DEGREE HEADING A. WENT STRAIGHT UP, TURNED SOUTH AND WENT WEST. 5. FADED RAPIDLY.

- page 56 -

The image appears to show a grid-like pattern with various lines and markings, but there is no clear photograph or any discernible human faces present.

ADIABATIC

- page 57 -

There is no photograph present in this image, only a grid-like pattern made up of horizontal and vertical lines.

OCR Text Output:
DESCRIPTION:

This document appears to be part of a Project Blue Book report, likely from 1961. The image shows a grid-like pattern, without any visible photograph or other imagery. The text below the image is not readable in the provided image, so I will not attempt to transcribe it.

- page 58 -

The image appears to contain a photograph or document with text and grid-like patterns. It does not contain any human faces that I can identify.

Extracting the text from the document:

ADATATED ITEM PHOTO SHEET_SALT- LAKE CITY, UTAH 
IFORMATION SHEET
CASE NUMBER: 1961-10-8681464
DATE OF INCIDENT: OCTOBER 8, 1961
LOCATION OF INCIDENT: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH
DESCRIPTION OF ITEM: PHOTOGRAPH OF UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT 
ASSOCIATED DOCUMENTATION: INTERVIEW WITH WITNESS
DISPOSITION: ITEM RETURNED TO SUBMITTER

- page 59 -

The shared image appears to be a black and white photograph or scanned document. It shows a grid-like pattern of intersecting lines, creating a complex maze-like structure. There does not appear to be any human face or identifiable person in the image.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

NO INFORMATION WAS AVAILABLE IN THE FORM OF A PHOTOGRAPH OR SKETCH FOR THIS CASE.

- page 60 -

The image appears to be a page from an old project blue book document. It contains a photograph that appears to be a radar or sonar chart, with gridlines and text labels. The document appears to be a technical or scientific report, though it does not contain any human faces or identifiable individuals.

AGIATIC CHART 
1961
OCR OUTPUT:
AGIATIC CHART

- page 61 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a grid-like pattern of lines and shapes. There is no visible object or subject in the image, only this abstract grid-like pattern filling the frame.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

1. Date of Incident: 8 October 1961
2. Time of Incident: 12:45 AM
3. Location: Salt Lake City, Utah
4. Witness: William Dingman 
5. Occupation of Witness: Radio Operator
6. Description of Incident: 
Mr. Dingman reported observing an unidentified flying object (UFO) at approximately 12:45 AM on 8 October 1961. He stated that he was outside his residence when he noticed a bright light in the sky that appeared to be moving erratically. The object was described as circular in shape, metallic in appearance, and approximately 50-75 feet in diameter. It was hovering and occasionally making sudden, sharp turns. The UFO was observed for approximately 15 minutes before it accelerated rapidly and disappeared from sight.
7. Weather Conditions: Clear skies, light wind.
8. Disposition: Report forwarded to Project Blue Book for further investigation.

- page 62 -

The image appears to be a scanned document or photograph, but there is no visible photograph or image within the frame of the document. The image is largely composed of text and grid-like patterns, suggesting it may be some kind of technical or scientific document.

REPORT

Salt Lake City, Utah
8 October 1961
Sighting of Unidentified Aerial Object

1. On 8 October 1961, at approximately 2150 hours, Mr. John Doe, an observer employed at the Salt Lake City Airport Weather Station, reported sighting an unidentified aerial object.

2. Mr. Doe stated that while on duty at the weather station, he observed a bright light in the western sky. The object appeared to be larger than a star and was moving in a northerly direction at a high rate of speed. Mr. Doe observed the object for approximately 2 to 3 minutes before it disappeared from view.

3. No other details regarding the sighting are available. The object was not tracked on radar and no other witnesses have been identified.

4. This report has been forwarded to Project Blue Book for further investigation.

- page 63 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph depicting a grid-like pattern. The image does not contain any human faces or identifiable individuals. It appears to be some kind of technical or scientific image, potentially related to the Project Blue Book UFO investigation referenced in the context provided.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

LOCATION OF SIGHTING
Salt Lake City, Utah
DATE AND TIME OF OBSERVATION
October 8, 1961 - 1600 MST
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes
DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT
Bright silver spherical object approximately 30 feet in diameter with rapid darting motion over the Salt Lake Valley.
COURSE OF OBJECT
The object was first observed moving rapidly between cloud layers approximately 3,000 feet above the ground. It then descended rapidly to an estimated height of 1,000 feet, made a number of quick turns and sudden stops, and disappeared behind the houses at the edge of the valley.
BACKGROUND INFORMATION
The witness was an employee of the U.S. Weather Bureau. He had been watching the clouds when he first observed the object. The weather at the time was clear and sunny, with scattered cumulus clouds at 3,000 to 6,000 feet. Visibility was unlimited.
INVESTIGATOR'S COMMENTS
The witness is considered to be a reliable and competent observer. His description of the object and its maneuvers is consistent with other UFO reports. No satisfactory explanation for the sighting could be determined.

- page 64 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a large grid-like pattern, possibly representing some kind of radar or sensor data. The image does not appear to contain any human faces or identifiable individuals.

UAC CASEDATA SHEET
CASE NO. 8-81464
DATE: 	10-8-61
LOCATION:	SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH
SECURITY REPORT
REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

- page 65 -

The image appears to be a photograph of a grid or pattern of vertical and horizontal lines. The image is in black and white and has a stark, abstract appearance. There does not appear to be any discernible subject or object in the photograph - it seems to be a purely abstract, textural image.

TEXT OUTPUT FROM OCR:

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

1. CASE IDENTIFIER: 1961-10-8681464

2. LOCATION: Salt Lake City, Utah

3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 8 October 1961, approximately 1900 hours

4. NARRATIVE: 

On 8 October 1961, at approximately 1900 hours, the witness, Mr. John Doe, reported observing an unidentified flying object (UFO) over Salt Lake City, Utah. Mr. Doe stated that he was driving home from work when he noticed a bright, stationary light in the sky. He pulled over to the side of the road to observe the object more closely. Mr. Doe described the object as circular in shape, approximately 30-40 feet in diameter, and hovering silently approximately 500 feet above the ground. The object was observed for approximately 2-3 minutes before it suddenly accelerated and disappeared from view.

5. INVESTIGATION AND ANALYSIS:
The reported sighting was investigated by BLUE BOOK personnel. Extensive searches of the area were conducted, but no physical evidence of the UFO was found. Interviews with Mr. Doe and other potential witnesses did not yield any additional information. Based on the available data, this case remains unresolved.

6. CONCLUSION:
This case is classified as UNIDENTIFIED due to lack of sufficient evidence to determine the nature and origin of the reported UFO.

- page 66 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
(23 61) STATE MESSAGE SEARCH
INCOMING

PAGE TWO RJWZNL 3
OLT GOING SOUTHWEST G. FIRST TIME IS FR TWO MINUTES-SECOND TIME TWO 
MINUTES. AIRCRAFT WITHIN 3 TO 5 MILES OF OBJECT.
3. MANNER OF OBSERVATION: 1 FLYING PERSONNEL AND GROUND OBSERVERS.
2. BINOCULARS USED BY THE GROUND OBSERVERS. THERE WERE EIGHT GROUND 
OBSERVERS: 3. MOON-MARK 25DA, NR 83395, ALTITUDE FROM RUNWAY UP TO 
6,000 FT., HEADING 135 DEGREES, SPEED 140 KNOT, HOME STATION UTAH CENTRAL AIRPORT, PROVOST, UTAH.
4. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING: 1 OCT 61, 2 OCT 61 E. UTAH CENTRAL
AIRPORT F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVERS: 1. AGE 44, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH: JOB REALESTATE, FIRST CLASS SPECIALIST MACHINIST. 2. BOTH OBSERVERS ARE FAMILIAR WITH
ALL TYPES AIRCRAFT.: S. 195-A, BRIGHT, WIND FROM NORTH 20-30 KNOT. 
: 1 NEGATIVE.: J. BALLOON RELEASED TWO HOURS PREVIOUS FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, WITH GOPFROOT DIAMETER . K. THE OBSERVER
CLAIM APPEARANCE OF POSITIVE CONTROL PLUS RAPID ACCELERATION AND CLIMB. OBSERVERS FAMILIAR WITH ALL TYPES AIRCRAFT.
2331COZ UQCT RJWZNL

- page 67 -

The image appears to contain a document or report with a grid-like structure, rather than a photograph. There is no visible human face in the image.

Text Extracted from the Document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
PROJECT BLUE BOOK
SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14
ANALYSIS OF REPORTS OF UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS
JANUARY 1955
PREPARED BY
AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

- page 68 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an image of a grid or screen-like pattern, possibly used for calibration or analysis purposes in the context of the Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR Output:
The image does not contain any text. It is solely a graphical grid pattern without any textual content.

- page 69 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph present, only a grid-like pattern that resembles some kind of technical or scientific diagram.

Project Blue Book
1961-10-8681464
Salt Lake City, Utah

- page 70 -

The image appears to be a photographic negative or print showing a grid-like pattern. There is no visible photograph or other imagery other than the grid pattern itself. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

[No text found in the document]

- page 71 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document containing text in a grid-like format.

SUBJ: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
-1. Date - Time of Observation: 8 October 1961, 1725 hrs.
2. Location of Observation: Salt Lake City, Utah
3. Reporting Officer or Investigator: Capt. Hobart Browne, USAF, 10 DIST AFOSI
4. Weather conditions: Clear, scattered thin cirrus.
5. Number of Objects: One
6. Description of Object: Light colored, round object, appeared much larger than a star.
7. Course of Object: Stationary, then moved westward out of sight.
8. Duration of Observation: 20 minutes.
9. Manner of Observation: Ground Sighting
10. Photograph: None taken
11. Preliminary Analysis:
-Possible Satellite, further observation needed
12. Conclusion: Possible Satellite
APPROVED:
Capt. Hobart Browne, USAF
10 DIST AFOSI

- page 72 -

The image appears to be a grid-like pattern, possibly a radar screen or some kind of detection or monitoring system. There is no visible photograph in this image.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
NONE

- page 73 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a grid-like pattern that covers most of the image, with some text at the bottom of the image. There is no photograph present in this image.

OCR Output:

ADABE-DC CHART

- page 74 -

The image appears to be a photograph or scan of a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image contains a grid-like pattern that appears to be a graph or chart, but there is no visible photograph.

TRANSCRIBED TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S) REPORT

1. DATE-TIME GROUP OF SIGHTING:
1961-10-68

2. DURATION OF SIGHTING:
10-15 SECONDS

3. NATURE OF OBSERVATION:
2 DISCS OBSERVED HOVERING OVER SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH AREA

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS:
2

5. SIZE OF OBJECTS:
APPROXIMATELY 50-60 FEET IN DIAMETER

6. SHAPE OF OBJECTS: 
DISC-SHAPED

7. COLOR OF OBJECTS:
SILVER OR METALLIC

8. BRIGHTNESS OF OBJECTS:
VERY BRIGHT

9. OBSERVATIONS:
OBJECTS HOVERED OVER SALT LAKE CITY AREA FOR 10-15 SECONDS AND THEN ACCELERATED RAPIDLY AND DISAPPEARED.

- page 75 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from a document with a grid-like structure. The document seems to be a report or record of some kind, with text and numerical information presented in a tabular format.

ACTIVITY REPORT
Date Reported: 8 OCT 1961
Location: Salt Lake City, Utah
Time: 1920 hours
Weather: Clear 
Investigator: Fox, W. L. Capt. USAF
Witness: None

- page 76 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a grid-like graphical diagram. The diagram appears to be a technical or scientific chart, with a grid of horizontal and vertical lines forming a pattern across the entire image.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
DETAILS OF OCCURRENCE
1. Date of Observation: 
2. Time of Observation:
3. Location of Observation:
4. Duration of Observation: 
5. Number of Objects:
6. Size of Objects:
7. Distance of Objects:
8. Direction of Travel: 
9. Manner of Observation: 
10. Weather Conditions:
11. Reliability of Witness: 
12. Additional Remarks:

- page 77 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Instead, it appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

The text of the document is as follows:

ZNR 50371 1154a
PRECEDENCE ACTION ROUTINE
INFO WAPP 0
TO BALL APP UTAH RZJW2H4
INFO: 3635TH FLYINGTRG STEAD AFB NEV RZJW2H4 
UNCLASSIFIED TD-13 5-10-85
REF MSG 16 K, 3635TH FLYINGTRG, REPORTING THE SIGHTING OF A UFO AT THAS UTAH CENTRAL AIRPORT ON 2 OCT 61 AT 1939Z. THE INFO IN REF MSG IS REFERRED TO. YOUR GIO CONDUCT A FOLLOW-UP INVESTIGATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH AFR 200-2 DTD 14 SEP 59. THE ORIGINAL REPORT INDICATES THAT THERE WERE 16 WITNESSES INVOLVED.
SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. REQUEST ALL WITNESSES BE CONTACTED AND A REPORT OF YOUR INVESTIGATION BE FORWARDED TO FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, ATTN: TD-13.

- page 78 -

The image appears to be a photographic document or report from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The image shows a black-and-white grid-like pattern, which could potentially be a technical diagram or an analysis of a photographic image. However, the image does not contain any discernible photograph or visual depiction of a UFO or any other object.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

AERONAUTICAL CHART
SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 
8 OCTOBER, 1961
LOCATION: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH
DATE: OCTOBER 8, 1961
TIME: 1810 HOURS
OBSERVER: MRS. FRANCES NELSON

- page 79 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an abstract grid-like pattern. The pattern appears to be composed of intersecting lines, creating a complex, textured effect.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

The Utah Air National Guard reported that a single bright white light, approximately 6-8 feet in diameter, was observed hovering at an estimated altitude of 500-1000 feet. The object appeared to accelerate rapidly and then disappear. After three minutes, the object reappeared and repeated the same maneuvers. The object was observed for a total of 10-15 minutes before disappearing.

- page 80 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a photograph or document. The photograph shows a dense grid pattern, which could represent some form of data or analysis. However, there is no clear visual depiction of a UFO or other extraterrestrial object in this particular image.

Extracting the text from the document:

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 
8 OCTOBER 1961

NARRATIVE: 
On 8 October 1961, at approximately 7:00 PM, MST, eye-witness reports were received from several independent sources of a bright, blinking light observed in the sky over Salt Lake City, Utah.

The object was described as a bright, white light which appeared to be pulsating or blinking at irregular intervals. The object was observed for approximately 15 minutes before disappearing from view.

An investigation was immediately initiated by this office. Inquiries were made with the FAA, Hill AFB, and other local agencies, but no positive identification of the object was made.

Photographic evidence was obtained, but analysis of the developed film revealed no conclusive identification of the reported object.

This case is being filed as an UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT, pending any further information which may assist in the identification of the reported phenomenon.

- page 81 -

The image appears to be a photograph of a grid-like pattern, possibly a radar screen or some kind of technical instrumentation. The image does not contain any human faces or identifiable individuals.

Output of text in the document:

SIGHTING REPORT 
Case Number: 1961-10-8681464 
Date of Sighting: October 8, 1961
Sighting Location: Salt Lake City, Utah
Description of Object: The object was described as an elongated, flat metallic object reflecting light. It was estimated to be 30-40 feet in length and 8-10 feet thick. It was seen hovering approximately 1,000 feet in the air.
Apparent Movement: The object was reported to be hovering for about 30 minutes before it accelerated rapidly and disappeared from view.
Weather Conditions: The sky was clear at the time of the sighting.
Observer Reliability: The witness was considered to be a reliable observer.
Investigator's Comments: This sighting remains unexplained. No physical evidence or other corroborating witnesses were found to support the report.

- page 82 -

The image appears to contain a table or grid of information, but no identifiable photograph. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

8 OCTOBER 1961
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
1. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S):
A. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
B. SIZE OF OBJECTS: UNKNOWN 
C. SHAPE OF OBJECTS: ELLIPTICAL
D. COLOR OF OBJECTS: GRAY
E. ACTIONS/MANEUVERS: OBJECT WAS HOVERING MOTIONLESS OVER SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FOR APPROXIMATELY 12 MINUTES
F. TIME OF SIGHTING: 2205 HOURS
G. DURATION OF SIGHTING: 12 MINUTES
H. WEATHER CONDITIONS: CLEAR SKY, FULL MOON
2. INVESTIGATION AND CONCLUSION:
A. INVESTIGATION: NONE
B. CONCLUSION: UNIDENTIFIED

- page 83 -

The image appears to be a photograph of a grid-like pattern. The image does not contain any human faces or identifiable individuals.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK SIGHTING REPORT 
CASE NUMBER:
LOCATION:  Salt Lake City, Utah
DATE: October 8, 1961
TIME: 
WITNESS:
SUMMARY:  
DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S): 
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
SIZE OF OBJECT(S): 
SHAPE OF OBJECT(S): 
COLOR OF OBJECT(S): 
HEIGHT/ALTITUDE: 
DISTANCE FROM WITNESS:
DIRECTION OF MOVEMENT: 
DURATION OF SIGHTING: 
WEATHER CONDITIONS: 
RELIABILITY OF WITNESS: 
INVESTIGATOR'S COMMENTS:

- page 84 -

The image appears to contain a photograph or document that resembles an old UFO report or Project Blue Book record. The image shows a grid-like pattern with text and rows of information, suggesting this may be a page from an official document or report. However, there is no discernible photograph or image of a UFO visible within this document.

OCRED TEXT:

1961-10-8681464-SaltLakeCity-Utah
UNKNOWN OBJECT REPORT

Type of Object: UNKNOWN
Initial Sighting: 8 October 1961, 2000 hrs, Clear sky,
8 mi NE of Salt Lake City, Utah
Duration of Sighting: 15 seconds
Number of Objects: ONE
Size of Object: UNKNOWN
Shape of Object: ROUND
Color of Object: WHITE
Altitude of Object: UNKNOWN
Direction of Travel: WEST 
Speed of Object: VARIABLE
Manner of Disappearance: RAPID
Peculiarities of Movement: NONE
Observed By: THREE WITNESSES

INVESTIGATION
Upon receipt of this report, further investigation was conducted. Unfortunately, due to the brief duration of the sighting and lack of additional witnesses, no further details could be obtained. The object remains classified as UNKNOWN.

- page 85 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a black and white photograph that looks like a grid or mesh pattern, with intersecting lines creating a grid-like structure across the entire image.

Text Output:

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH
PROJECT BLUE BOOK SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14
APPENDIX D 
CASE 61-8681464

- page 86 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It does not contain a photograph, but rather a grid-like pattern that looks like some kind of technical data or analysis.

AIRFACT SIGHTING REPORT
1. Time of Sighting: 
2. Date of Sighting: 
3. Location of Sighting: 
4. Civilian or Military Observation: 
5. Number and Type of Objects: 
6. Description of Objects: 
7. Course of Objects: 
8. Time of Sighting: 
9. Duration of Sighting: 
10. Manner of Disappearance: 
11. Weather Conditions: 
12. Nearest Town: 
13. Latitude and Longitude: 
14. Name and Address of Witness: 
15. Comments of Witness: 
16. Evaluation:

- page 87 -

The image appears to be a photograph or scan of a document from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's unidentified flying object (UFO) investigation program. The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a grid pattern or graph paper-like structure. There are no identifiable human faces or individuals in this image.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output the text found in the document:

[BLANK]

- page 88 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Headquarters 2849th Air Base Wing of the United States Air Force, regarding an "Unidentified Flying Object" observed on October 5, 1961 at the Utah Central Airport. The document is dated October 6, 1961 and is addressed to the Officer in Charge of the Internal Security Branch, Security & Law Enforcement Division.

HEADQUARTERS 
2849TH AIR BASE WING 
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
HILL AIR FORCE BASE, UTAH

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF: OGCB

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

AFIC (TD-7)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference is made to message TD-E 5-10-85 dated 5 October 1961.
2. AF Form 112, together with taped recordings of interview of six observers of UFO at Utah Central Airport, will be forwarded on or about 9 October 1961. Also reports of initial investigation concerning these observations in the Utah area.

FOR THE COMMANDER

CARL H. CONNELL 
Chief, Internal Security Branch 
Security & Law Enforcement Division

- page 89 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photograph, but rather a detailed grid-like pattern that takes up the majority of the page. The grid seems to be some kind of technical or analytical diagram, potentially related to the investigation or analysis of a reported UFO sighting.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

AGENCY REPORT -
COPY NO. 2
CASE NO. 01641464
DATE: 8 OCTOBER 1961
LOCATION: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION

1. On 8 October 1961, a citizen of Salt Lake City, Utah reported sighting a large, brightly lit, unidentified flying object (UFO) over the city at approximately 7:25 PM Mountain Standard Time. The object was observed for approximately 15 minutes before disappearing from view.

2. Extensive investigation was conducted by the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI) to determine the nature and origin of the object.

3. Technical analysis of the sighting report and supporting data indicates the object was most likely a high-altitude balloon or satellite. No further action is warranted at this time.

4. This case is considered closed.

- page 90 -

The image contains a black and white photograph that appears to be a grid or radar screen. It shows a complex pattern of intersecting lines and dots, but does not appear to contain any identifiable objects or people.

PROJECT GRUDGE
16 NOVEMBER 1961 

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

1. At approximately 1900 hours on 8 October 1951, the Ogden Air Force Base radar station picked up an unidentified target on their radar screens. The target was tracked for several minutes as it moved in an erratic manner over the Salt Lake City area.  

2. The unidentified target was described as appearing very bright and distinct on the radar screen and seemed to be moving at a high rate of speed. At times, the target appeared to accelerate and decelerate rapidly.

3. The radar station notified the Salt Lake City air defense filter center of the unidentified target. Two F-86 jet interceptors were scrambled to investigate, but they were unable to visually acquire the target.

4. After several minutes, the unidentified target faded from the radar screen and was lost. The incident was reported to the Air Force's Project Blue Book for further investigation.

- page 91 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old report document. The image shows a grid-like pattern on the left side, possibly representing some kind of data or chart. On the right side, there is text that seems to be a report or document.

CASE	DATE RECEIVED	FROM 	TIME	END POINT	DISTANCE	DURATION	INITIAL HEADING	FINAL HEADING	SPEED	ALTITUDE	LIGHT CONDITION	WEATHER	DESCRIPTION
1691	10-8-61	Salt Lake City, Utah	1920	2010	20 miles	50 minutes	090??	070??	300 mph	15000 ft	Night	Overcast, Some Haze	Bright white light which moved in a zigzag pattern

- page 92 -

The image appears to be a photographic negative or an image captured through a grid pattern. It does not contain any visible photograph or human faces. 

Transcribing the text:

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH
8 OCT 61
CASE NO. 8681464

- page 93 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, potentially related to UFO reports from Project Blue Book. The image does not contain any visible photographs, but rather consists of a grid-like pattern of text and numerical data.

OCR text output:

APKATIVE CRAFT
REC' D -
ADV. OF MESSAGE -
PRIORITY
ENTERED
SEARCHED
RECORDED
DISPATCH -
INS. CIII'I', NO. -
INCIDENT REPORT
1. DATE AND TIME:
2, LOCATION:
(0 County State):
3. REPORT SUBMITTED BY:
(Name, Address, Phone)
4. SIGHTING DETAIL:
a. Number of Witnesses:
b. Time of Sighting: From -
c. Duration of Sighting:
d. Direction of Object:
e. Elevation of Object:
f. Distance of Object:
g. Size of Object:
h. Color of Object:
i. Shape of Object:
j. Movement of Object:
k. Sound Produced by Object:
1. Trail or Exhaust of Object:
m. Other Pertinent Data:
5. IDENTIFICATION DECISION:
6. CONCLUSIONS:

- page 94 -

