There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains detailed information about a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the image:

1. DATE: 6 December 1961
2. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 2350Z
3. LOCATION: St. Thomas, Virgin Islands
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: D Ground-Radar, D Air-Visual
5. PHOTOS: None
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 8 min.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
9. COURSE: Ascending
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object ascending, fading, increasing in brilliance. Believed to be a rocket by the observer.
11. COMMENTS: Test 6201 Jupiter was launched 13 minutes prior to the reported sighting.
12. CONCLUSIONS: D Was Balloon, D Probably Balloon, D Was Aircraft, D Probably Aircraft, D Was Astronomical, D Probably Astronomical, D Other, D Insufficient data for Evaluation, Unknown.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing a visual observation of an unidentified flying object.

12/6/61
St Thomas, Virgin Islands
Visual observation - 6:30 PM (EST)
Object 30 degrees on ascent at great speed. Changed direction suddenly - apparent 1/2 second acceleration to midcourse reverse motion. Oscillated in front of observer - bright light - size of basketball at 1 mile. Departed at great speed to horizon and disappeared. No sound. Streaking white lights - no exhaust trail.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a hand-drawn diagram with various sketches and annotations describing the observed UFO.

A - observed "comet"- blunt nosed - gaseous shroud trailing behind, appeared to increase in zenith - trail
B - Appeared again as A but smaller
C - Three sides observed distinctly brighter

The sketch shows multiple views of the observed UFO, including its apparent increase in size and changes in brightness over time.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a NASA document with text describing a visual observation of unidentified flying objects in the vicinity of St. Thomas, Virgin Islands.

NATIONAL AERONAUTICS 
AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION

NASA HEADQUARTERS
Washington 25, D.C.

IN REPLY REFER TO AB

February 9, 1962

FROM: NASA Headquarters, Code AB

TO: Commander, Air Tactical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

SUBJECT: Report of Visual Observation of Unidentified Flying
Objects in the Vicinity of St. Thomas, Virgin Islands.

1. The attached is a letter received by this office
from Mr. [redacted] describing visual observations made at
1130 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, presumably on the date of this
letter, December 6, 1961. His letter is being forwarded for
whatever action is deemed advisable. Mr. [redacted] has been informed
of this reference.

James A. Hootman, Executive Secretary
Inventions and Contributions Board

Enclosure:
Mr. [redacted] letter of 12/6/61

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image from the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a typed letter dated February 9, 1960 addressed to "Mr. ****" from St. Thomas, Virgin Islands. The letter discusses the Air Force's handling of a previous observation report and notes that the Air Force does not have jurisdiction over the type of observation described, which falls under the primary responsibility of the U.S. Navy. The letter is signed by James A. Hooker, Executive Director, Investigations and Considerations Board.

Text from the document:

February 9, 1960

Dear Mr. ****

Your letter of December 30, 1959, in which you report certain observations, has been received at $150 per. We regret that the case of these observations was December 6, the date of your letter.

The material submitted has been referred to the Air Technical Intelligence Administration and they advise that they do not have primary responsibility for investigating this type of observation, which falls under the primary responsibility of the U.S. Navy, which has the primary responsibility for investigating this type of observation. 

Sincerely yours,

James A. Hooker, Executive Director
Investigations and Considerations Board

Test 1620 Winter Launch 22372 0600

- page 5 -

