The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card that describes a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 2 Aug 62
2. LOCATION: Point Pleasant, New Jersey
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local 1730
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 5 yrs
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. COURSE: (text partially obscured)
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Satellite moving SE.
11. COMMENTS: Radio not affected by this observation, which is considered a satellite.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document containing text.

Transcribed text:

"Dear Sir, 
I received your letter 
Today August 9, 1961 at
9 o'clock a satellite came
to South Part direction. It is
bright. I have observed
same satellite on other oc-
casions. It was twinkling
and wandering different
direction than usual. It
was quite uncommon 
and it your call
had a little bit of
of a little bit of a. 
Satellite + it you have
to quite me the information
Sincerely yours"

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Dear Sirs:
I reside in Point Pleasant N. J. Today August 9, 1961 at 12:45 I observed a satellite moving in a South East direction. It is a brilliant satellite and appears to be on other orbits as there are smaller satellites on other courses at the same time.
I was wondering since I see it so often if you could take the time to let me know what kind of a satellite it is and if it is one of theirs.
I am quite curious about this satellite and if you have the information I request I would greatly appreciate it.
Sincerely,
Point Pleasant N J

8 am 19'55'73
1'926.83
17.45'92
24) 5 Road

Not entire page voided crossings
215' 6" N. Well time cancel to
1515 AM

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book document, specifically related to a UFO request for information.

REPLY TO

AFPR-IS/Major Friend
SUBJECT: Suggested Answer to Request for Information (Mr. -------)

TO: HQ USAF (SAFOI-3a - Major Coleman)

Attached is a suggested answer to Mr. ------'s which will obtain the Air Force information necessary to answer his request.

EDWARD H. LYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

SUGGESTED ANSWER:

SUGGESTED ANSWER

SUBJECT: Request for Information (Mr. _______)

Dear Mr. _______,

1. Regarding your request for information concerning your viewing of an unidentified object, we are unable to identify the object. Satellite, the great height, can be seen for great distances causes that there are many possibilities, and results in an easy identification for it is possible that more than one item can be seen from the location as a given position.

2. In establishing the object's great height, can be seen for great distances, there are many possibilities, and results in an easy identification for it is possible that more than one item can be seen from the location as a given position.

3. In order that the object which you sighted can be identified, it is requested that you forward the following information to us in the self-addressed envelope.

a. The direction and elevation of the object when first and last seen.
b. The time when first seen.
c. The duration of the sighting.
d. The direction in which the object was moving.
e. The appearance of the object:
   (1) Color.
   (2) Size.
   (3) Tail or trail.
   (4) Was it blinking or twinkling?
f. If possible, identify the stars or constellations which formed the background for the object's path.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document containing text.

13 October 1961

Dear Mr.

Your letter of August 15, 1961 to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration has been referred to the Air Force. 

In order that we may attempt identification as it is requested that you provide the following information to us in the pre-addressed envelope:

a. Time of observation and elevation of the object when first and last seen.
b. The direction the object was moving.
c. The direction in which the object was moving.
d. The duration in which the object was moving.
e. Size (size held at arm's length - quarter at arm's length).
f. Did the object appear to blink or twinkle.

Your assistance and cooperation in this matter will be appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Point Pleasant, New Jersey

- page 6 -

