The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present, but the page contains text information.

Text from the document:

Left side:
1. Committee on Science and Astronautics 
2. U.S. Congress - Committee of the House

Right side:
1. Overton Brooks 
2. Joseph Edward Karth
3. John W. McCormick

Pocket:
1. Committee on Science and Astronautics, Hearing
2. Committee on Science and Astronautics, Staff Study

- page 1 -

The image contains a table titled "Table III - Personnel manning requirements, Mercury worldwide tracking and communications network." The table lists various sites and their personnel requirements, such as Cape Canaveral, Grand Bahama, Atlantic Ship, and others. There is no photograph present in this image.

TEXT OUTPUT:
PROJECT MERCURY
TABLE III.—Personnel manning requirements, Mercury worldwide tracking and communications network
Site	M and O	Organization
personnel	requirement
Cape Canaveral	34	DOD-AMIR
Grand Bahama	3	DOD -AMR
Antigua	19	DOD -AMR Contract
Atlantic Ship	14	DOD -AMR
Canary Islands	15	DOD -AMR
Ascension Island	20	DOD-AMR
Indian Ocean Ship	40	DOD-AMR
Kano, Nigeria	25	DOD -AMR
Muchea, Australia	20	DOD-AMR
Zanzibar	18	DOD-AMR
Corpus Christi	25	DOD-AMR
Guaymas, Mexico	20	DOD-AMR
Kodiak, Alaska	8	DOD-AMR
Point Arguello	25	DOD-AMR
Hawaii	25	DOD-AMR
Woomera, Australia	45	WRE (Weapons Research Establishment)
The project has now crossed the threshold of a major flight test program of short- and long-range ballistic flights, leading first to minimum flights and later on to manned orbital flights late in 1961 if all goes well.
This phase, Mercury is being pursued with the greatest sense of urgency. Problems, demands, and costs that the project will supply answers to many questions that must be answered before one can proceed with the next step in the manned space program. Before future pro grams can go very far downstream, much must be learned about man's capabilities in space and about the technology of manned space flight.
As mentioned previously, Mercury carries a national DO priority that the Department of Defense will move forward with great speed. The implementation of a project such as Mercury, demands on continuing basis, boundless energy, enthusiasm, and determination. Work on Project Mercury, both at the construction facilities in the US and the Mercury facilities ashore, has been continuous and intensive.
All members of the Mercury team, be they in NASA, DOD, or in private industry, are making every effort to meet the goals established for them. It must be recognized, however, that Project Mercury is a research and development program, and therefore, does not lend itself to the firm fixed-date production program. It is possible that such target dates must be changed as new knowledge is gained or more clearly defined and scheduled required to overcome them. After all, it is never easy to condition men to overcome time. There would be no reason, however, to believe that the target dates that have been established for Project Mercury, target dates for delivery of components, subsystems and complete capsules. Also included are target dates for respective preparation sequences and launch periods.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a list of names and titles of members of the COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE AND ASTRONAUTICS.

COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE AND ASTRONAUTICS
GEORGE P. MILLER, California, Chairman
OVERTON BROOKS, Louisiana
OLIN E. TEAGUE, Texas
VICTOR L. ANFUSO, New York
JOSEPH E. KARTH, Minnesota
R.C. W. BECKER, West Virginia
EMILIO Q. DADDARIO, Connecticut
DAVID S. KING, Utah
ROBERT S. KERR, Jr., Oklahoma
WM. J. RANDALL, Missouri
JOHN W. DAVIS, Georgia
JAMES G. CORMAN, California
JOHN W. McCORMACK, Massachusetts

CHARLES A. MOSHER, Ohio, Vice Chairman
RICHARD L. ROUDEBUSH, Indiana
J. EDGAR CHENOWETH, Colorado
WILLIAM H. MILLER, California

DR. CHARLES S. SHELDON II, Technical Director
STEPHEN J. ELWOOD, Special Counsel
JOHN A. CARSTARPHEN, JR., Chief Clerk
FRANK R. HAMMILL, JR., Counsel
HOWARD J. SHINKMAN, Staff Consultant
RAYMOND W. WILSON, Staff Consultant
JOSEPH FELTON, Publications Clerk

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a table of contents for a document.

CONTENTS
Statements of-  
Loftin, L. R. Jr., Technical Assistant to Director, Langley Research Center
Griner, Galbreath, Aerospace and Space Administration  
McCord, Donald L., manager, Project Longfellow, Vehicle Division, Development Plan-
ning, Aero-Space Vehicle Group, Langley Research Center,
Our. Hon. Albert H., Representative from Minnesota, U.S. Congress.
Godfrey, Robert W., vice president, Goodyear Aircraft Corp.
Ross, Dr. Robert T., manager, aeromedhanics research and development, department, Goodyear Aircraft Corp., Akron, Ohio.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a transcript of a hearing before the House of Representatives Committee on Science and Astronautics regarding "Inflatable Structures in Space" on Friday, May 19, 1961.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1961
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE AND ASTRONAUTICS,
Washington, D.C.
The committee met at 10 a.m., Hon. Overton Brooks (chairman) presiding.
MR. CHAIRMAN. The committee will come to order.
Mr. Quie, we are happy to have with us the distinguished Congressman from Minnesota, Mr. Albert H. Quie, who is being introduced in Northfield, Minn., which is in the district of the gentleman from Minnesota.
I think the record will show that we are also happy to have with us, as visitors, Mr. Quie's colleagues, Mr. Teague, Mr. Milton, and Mr. Casey, to the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. We are happy to have you this morning, Mr. Quie.
This morning we open a 1-day hearing on the matter of the potential
inflatable structures in space.
We shall now call on the witnesses. I think it is entirely proper of course, that we have had this one on Inflatable Structures in Space. We want to hear from our distinguished colleague. We want to hear from him in just a moment.
The Honorable J. R. Teague, Technical Assistant to the Director of the Space Vehicle Group, William J. O'Sullivan, Space Vehicle Group, Langley Research Center, NASA: Mr. Robert C. Riehdorff, President, Goodyear Aerospace Corp.; Dr. Robert L. Ross, Goodyear Aircraft Corp.; and Mr. Robert T. Madden, Goodyear Aircraft Corp., are also present.
Mr. Quie, I know of your interest, because I just talked to you.
It is customary for the committee to hear the Members of Congress first. If you have a statement you would like to give us on this, we would be glad to have it at this time.
Following that, we will be glad to have you come up and sit with the committee and follow the hearing as it progresses.

STATEMENT OF HON. ALBERT H. QUIE, A REPRESENTATIVE IN CONGRESS FROM THE FIRST DISTRICT OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA
Mr. QUIE. My name is Albert H. Quie, Congressman from the First District of Minnesota.
I appreciate the opportunity to appear before the committee.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space" as part of Project Blue Book.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

I will have to decline from accepting your invitation to stay with you this morning, since our Education and Labor Committee is meeting and we have some important commitments this morning as well. 

In Minnesota and in my congressional district we are indeed proud of the work that is being done by our company in Northfield. So often out in the Midwest and I come from little farming communities and I have to Northfield, Minn. -- we tend to think of space exploration that is being done some distance away, a long way away, and people have wondered if the work would go over that people have accomplished in Northfield, Minn., I can assure you that it has played such an important part in the community. The community is really enthused about what is being done. They feel the old pioneer spirit and that sort of thing. America; these people, no matter what their job is, in my opinion, are enthusiastic about the work being done.

As we read of this person, Commander Shepard - people had kind of lost faith would be renewed their faith in themselves. I think if you could come out there and see that company, too, you would feel inadequate, speaking here upon such a technical subject, because I would surely feel inadequate after listening to some of the other men like Mr. O'Sullivan, whom I have heard so much about, not only read about, since Mr. Schejdahl speaks of him in glowing terms.

At this time, I would like to include in the testimony a statement by Mr. G. T. Schejdahl - the head of the G. T. Schejdahl Co.:

DESCRIPTION AND INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
By G. T. Schejdahl Co., Northfield, Minn., May 24, 1961

Having already ventured briefly into space, man is developing a host of vehicles and techniques broadly adapted and designed to take him beyond this Earth residence. The inflatable structures and rigid space capsules will of course play the major role in helping man leave this Earth for parts unknown.

The development of inflatable space structures is turning his attention to the same spectacular device that enabled his predecessors to leave the ground some two centuries ago - the balloon and its modern counterparts, the inflatable module.

THE INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IS ALREADY IN ORBIT

On August 12, 1960, a 100-foot diameter inflatable satellite was placed into the heavens - the largest volume satellite ever thrust into orbit. Echo I, the 100-foot diameter balloon was designed, fabricated and manufactured by the G. T. Schejdahl Co. of Northfield, Minn. for use as a passive communications vehicle. Echo I is still in orbit - a visible symbol of American creativity for all the world to see.

The Schejdahl Co. is already at work on other space inflatable. These articles, concluded by NASA, Langley Research Center, and Project Echo, in which several inflatable satellites will be launched into orbit from a single rocket carrier.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document. The document contains only text, which I will output below:

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE 3
All these inflatable satellites have a common ancestor--the balloon. But while the balloon is destroyed or consumed up on re-entry within a very short period of time, the satellites are so constructed that it will remain in orbit for a considerable length of time, perhaps years.
The inflatable space structures developed by the Schejeldahl Co. must be precisely engineered and sealed by means of a higher adhesive than will withstand the rigors of cosmic voyage. The materials used and techniques involved in their construction have held Echo I together for nearly a year despite the ravages of extreme temperature variations.
AN EFFICIENT AND ECONOMICAL DEVICE
The inflatable space structure is an efficient and economical device that can be packed--uninflated--in a small canister, shot by rocket into space and then inflated to become a satellite, carrying its instrument package to gather solar, meteorological and other data--or to perform specific functions, such as reflecting electronic signals, gathering solar energy and firing engines for attitude control.
Up to the present time, inflatable space structures have been used mainly to reflect electronic signals. Man's first major venture in this field, launched on August 12, 1960, was the 100-foot Echo I (Research/Develop) reflector for ground radar tracking. Echo I was designed, developed and built by the Schejeldahl Co. to serve as an orbiting balloon, inflated and allowed to drift back to Earth. The radiant plate of their sphere reflector and its tenuous structure as wind direction, which provided a stable communication link.
PASSIVE SATELLITES
This is a simple type of "passive" communication satellite. Passive satellites carry no power source of their own to transmit or receive signals. This active satellite must carry its own power sources to produce the means of deriving power for its electronic package. Thus "active" satellites are much more complex in construction and of greater cost than passive ones.
The communications satellite, as its name implies, is in effect one of a series of electronic "mirrors" located in space to bounce radio signals from one point on the Earth's surface to another. This Earth's only orbiting passive communication satellite is Echo I, launched by NASA on August 12, 1960.
This material in Echo II is 50 times more rigid than the material used in Echo I. It is a laminate consisting of four layers of aluminum foil only 5 ten-thousandths of an inch thick. The rigidized spheres will weigh about 500 pounds and will be approximately 140 feet in diameter. The rigidized spheres will weigh about 500 pounds and will be approximately 140 feet in diameter.
When the sphere is punctured by meteorites, the rigidized spheres will not collapse. Instead, the punctures will be sealed immediately by the rigidized walls surrounding the hole. The rigidized areas, or "scabs," will provide a greater ratio of response to input signal.
ECHO II TO 50 TIMES STRONGER THAN ECHO I
This material in Echo II is 50 times more rigid than the material used in Echo I. It is a laminate consisting of four layers of aluminum foil only 5 ten-thousandths of an inch thick. The rigidized spheres will weigh about 500 pounds and will be approximately 140 feet in diameter. The rigidized spheres will weigh about 500 pounds and will be approximately 140 feet in diameter.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a technical document or report related to "Inflatable Structures in Space".

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
At the present time, the Schejdahl Co. is working with the Goddard Space Flight Center on a study of inflatable metallic spheres for rebounding signals from one satellite to another. Some of the proposed Rebound techniques being considered for communications satellites require "milking" out a pattern of circular "windows" from the aluminum, leaving the membrane inflated. The aluminum spheres remaining will be approximately 30 feet in diameter and will be inflated to about 30 percent.

SPECIAL BALLOONS IN ONE ROCKET VEHICLE
Project Rebound will concentrate on placing three inflatable satellites in a circular orbit from one rocket vehicle. These satellites will be spaced at predetermined intervals in order to test their effectiveness in rebounding radio signals from one satellite to another. The launching of the first three Rebound satellites is scheduled during the first quarter of 1962. 

[...] 

INFLATABLES TO AID ACTIVE SATELLITES
The role of inflatables is to mean confined to passive satellites. They are designed to be inflated immediately after launch to form inflatable coatings on the active satellite's surface, providing rigid members for a "surprise" propagation of the active satellite's signal. 

NEW MATERIALS BEING DEVELOPED
A vigorous research program is underway to develop new materials to withstand the space environment for prolonged periods. These include combinations that produce de-adhesion under solar radiation and abrasion, and materials that will not burn even in the ongoing blast of a plasma torch. We believe that inflatables will assume a consistently increasing role in space as these new materials become available and their ratio of strength to weight continues to improve.

Leonard Jaffe, chief of NASA's communications-satellite program, emphasizes that inflatables can be of service. However, he warns, "Unlimited number of missions can be costly."

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document that contains text discussing inflatable structures in space.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
The attached photographs pictorially illustrate a NASA/Langley Research Center conceptual design of an inflatable space station. The pictures in question were part of a proposal for a flexible space station which the Research Center feels could incorporate the best advantages of each inflatable segment. This combination incorporates the best advantages of each concept. The use of inflatable segments in the construction of space station modules has been considered because of the need to compress the rigid sections to a ready-to-use condition in a matter of minutes for the transportation to the orbital storage which will be required by the launch vehicle.

The CHAIRMAN: That was a great achievement. I think the people of Northfield should feel justified pride in their contribution to this man's happy success, and you have this morning, and we will give your statement our careful consideration.

Mr. LOFTIN: I do not have a prepared statement. I am sure you came up to testify on this subject. So I am sure you are familiar with Mr. Loftin. I did not have any further statement to make.

The CHAIRMAN: The committee placed its request with NASA six days before this meeting.

STATEMENT OF L.K. LOFTIN, JR., TECHNICAL ASSISTANT TO THE DIRECTOR OF LANGLEY RESEARCH CENTER, NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
Mr. LOFTIN: In speaking of inflatable structures, I think it might be appropriate first to point out what it is we should be interested in these things, anyway.
Basically, there are two reasons: 
First, it takes many pounds of propellant to put one pound of payload in orbit. We all know this. That nothing we can do makes the payload light is all to the good. 
Further reason, which is perhaps not quite so well understood, is that inflatable reasons, perhaps not quite so well understood, is that inflatable structures, which are large in volume, such as a space station, are difficult to have a craft in orbit which is large in volume, such as a space station.

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of text from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

However, when one looks at the launch problem, it becomes obvious that a very real difficulty exists in packing a very large payload on the end of a rocket. This difficulty is associated with the fact that these large inflatable structures must not only be packed into a small volume, but must also withstand the tremendous dynamic instability which is quite large, depending on the size of the inflatable. Even careful design of something of this sort, but this is heavy. Even more importantly, how can we be associated with really large inflation, as we are showing a very large re-entry vehicle?

So that, in a nut shell, what we want to do for these large payloads is to squeeze them down into a small package on top of the booster vehicle, get it into orbit, and then in some fashion allow it to blossom into its designed shape.

Perhaps I should really say spectacular for one can have such vehicles either by inflatable or by some means of mechanical erection or some combination thereof. This is really what we are talking about. Solar collectors, corner reflectors, corner re-radiators of one sort or another, reentry vehicles, space stations, have been proposed (and perhaps inflatable ones of enormous size) as structures that one might conceive of, in which an inflatable structure would be applicable, I think you would discuss with you some of the specific work which the NASA has done on inflatable, reusable structures, and describe to you briefly some of the exploratory research which we have done at Langley Research Center, aimed at an attempt to overcome in applying the inflatable concept to a manned vehicle.

We have not been devoting a maximum vehicle. As I say, we have been studying what we would consider to be current or pertinent problems that might concern an inflatable structure of this kind. I will discuss with you some of the work which we have done and some of the technique technique to unmanned space vehicles such as Echo.

In order to try to fix what the problem areas were that we should be looking at, it was necessary to derive at some sort of a concept of what the vehicle might look like. I have some photographs here of an early version. These pictures were the result of a study which was made and were not intended to be a proposal or anything like that. It was more of a kind of a study that we would make.

If I could pass these around. They are in sequence. They start by showing what the vehicle would look like on top of the rocket. Then they show how the structure would fold up for launch, and then they show how it would unfold into its full shape in orbit. The links in this case, would be the living quarters of the crew.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE 

However, when one looks at the launch problem, it becomes obvious that a very real difficulty exists in packing a very large payload on the end of a rocket. This difficulty is associated with the fact that these large inflatable structures must not only be packed into a small volume, but must also withstand the tremendous dynamic instability which is quite large, depending on the size of the inflatable. Even careful design of something of this sort, but this is heavy. Even more importantly, how can we be associated with really large inflation, as we are showing a very large re-entry vehicle? 

So that, in a nut shell, what we want to do for these large payloads is to squeeze them down into a small package on top of the booster vehicle, get it into orbit, and then in some fashion allow it to blossom into its designed shape.

Perhaps I should really say spectacular for one can have such vehicles either by inflatable or by some means of mechanical erection or some combination thereof. This is really what we are talking about. Solar collectors, corner reflectors, corner re-radiators of one sort or another, reentry vehicles, space stations, have been proposed (and perhaps inflatable ones of enormous size) as structures that one might conceive of, in which an inflatable structure would be applicable, I think you would discuss with you some of the specific work which the NASA has done on inflatable, reusable structures, and describe to you briefly some of the exploratory research which we have done at Langley Research Center, aimed at an attempt to overcome in applying the inflatable concept to a manned vehicle.

We have not been devoting a maximum vehicle. As I say, we have been studying what we would consider to be current or pertinent problems that might concern an inflatable structure of this kind. I will discuss with you some of the work which we have done and some of the technique technique to unmanned space vehicles such as Echo.

In order to try to fix what the problem areas were that we should be looking at, it was necessary to derive at some sort of a concept of what the vehicle might look like. I have some photographs here of an early version. These pictures were the result of a study which was made and were not intended to be a proposal or anything like that. It was more of a kind of a study that we would make.

If I could pass these around. They are in sequence. They start by showing what the vehicle would look like on top of the rocket. Then they show how the structure would fold up for launch, and then they show how it would unfold into its full shape in orbit. The links in this case, would be the living quarters of the crew.

- page 10 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page from an old report document, likely from Project Blue Book, discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space".

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

The text discusses various aspects of inflatable structures used in space, such as solar collectors, materials, and problems encountered in their use. It mentions studies conducted on the material properties of these structures, as well as the challenges of temperature cycling and potential brittleness over time. The text also discusses the use of other materials and the search for a suitable material for these structures.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document discussing inflatable structures in space.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
of material very much like this. Doing it is to make a sort of network-like cage and inflate the rubber portion within it. But others use a different way of doing it. We at present have some studies under way under a contract of a technique or a concept which is referred to in the manual of the next item.
One item known in and reportedly this system would allow you to develop a strength, to wear this. Whether it will in fact turn out this way we don't really know. We have a model which has been built and which we are going to studies on to determine whether there is really anything in this model, whether there is something contained in air which may not be required. Then here is an interesting dynamics problem.
Which may develop in the inflatable structure, itself. This model has just another model which is under design deal with the thermal balance of the vehicle and how to hold the structure intact with the 5-foot diameter plants and things of that nature in it. There is a question of what is the temperature distribution and how do we have to paint it so it doesn't absorb radiation or do we make it black so it absorbs radiation and transmits inside an environment within the vehicle which is suitable not only for the occupants but also for the equipment.
This is a model which is under design. It is not a terribly easy model to design because of the seal laws, but we are working on this.
One further type of model, and this is a fairly large one - it is 21 feet in diameter - is being constructed for us by Goodyear. This is a mutual arrangement. I believe we are funding about half of it and Goodyear about half of it. This again is a research model. What we hope to do there is to learn something about how you package one of these things. You talk about squeezing it into a small bundle, but you don't just pick up and squeeze it. It has to be done in a fairly exact manner.

OCR Output:
INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
of material very much like this. Doing it is to make a sort of network-like cage and inflate the rubber portion within it. But others use a different way of doing it. We at present have some studies under way under a contract of a technique or a concept which is referred to in the manual of the next item.
One item known in and reportedly this system would allow you to develop a strength, to wear this. Whether it will in fact turn out this way we don't really know. We have a model which has been built and which we are going to studies on to determine whether there is really anything in this model, whether there is something contained in air which may not be required. Then here is an interesting dynamics problem.
Which may develop in the inflatable structure, itself. This model has just another model which is under design deal with the thermal balance of the vehicle and how to hold the structure intact with the 5-foot diameter plants and things of that nature in it. There is a question of what is the temperature distribution and how do we have to paint it so it doesn't absorb radiation or do we make it black so it absorbs radiation and transmits inside an environment within the vehicle which is suitable not only for the occupants but also for the equipment.
This is a model which is under design. It is not a terribly easy model to design because of the seal laws, but we are working on this.
One further type of model, and this is a fairly large one - it is 21 feet in diameter - is being constructed for us by Goodyear. This is a mutual arrangement. I believe we are funding about half of it and Goodyear about half of it. This again is a research model. What we hope to do there is to learn something about how you package one of these things. You talk about squeezing it into a small bundle, but you don't just pick up and squeeze it. It has to be done in a fairly exact manner.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document, which discusses various aspects of the project such as flight tests, development programs, and the support provided by the Department of Defense. The text on the image has been extracted and is as follows:

PROJECT MERCURY
for all flight tests. As is always the case in a complex research and development program, setbacks in the flight test qualification program have become apparent. All of the major missile and aircraft programs have experienced them. These setbacks will result of the development which go into the makeup of the project. The proof of the design is in the flight test program. The proposed duties are not predicated upon failure, but upon success.
Therefore the most important fact date in the overall Mercury schedule is that for achievement of manned orbital flight, i.e. May 1963. During the latter part of 1961, a manned ballistic missile vehicle was successfully launched something in
1961. If no setbacks are encountered during the flight qualification program, it is possible that this first actual flight datum may be met. However, as stated earlier in this report, the critical period in the flight test program is just now upon us, and 1962 and 1963 will be the most critical years for this program, and not based statement of fact.
The Department of Defense provides a very broad range of support to Project Mercury. The Air Force Ballistic Missile Division supplies and launches Atlas vehicles. The Air Force also provides air recovery service, aircraft for capsule locating and recovery operations, radar control center facilities, medical support at Cape Canaveral and remote stations, and man power at several Mercury network stations. The Space Medical Agency of the Air Force has also given assistance in training the astronauts.
The NAVY has loaned tracking equipment to NASA, has made White Sands Missile Range ground facilities available for network use, and will provide a substantial part of recovery medical support to Project Mercury; has supplied communications equipment and shipment of necessary launch site equipment required for manned ballistic flights.
The Navy has been given and accepted the responsibility for the Mercury spacecraft recovery operations. The Navy recovery commands destroyers, landing ships, dock, miscellaneous service vessels, Marine helicopters, patrol aircraft and early warning aircraft will all be utilized for search and recovery operations.
The Navy is also providing assistance in the construction of the
Canton Island network station, has loaned commander transmitter equipment to NASA, and has given a number of tracking radars to NASA.

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page discusses "inflatable structures in space" and mentions some photographs of a small model that was fully inflated and then folded up into a small package. However, the text states that these photographs are unfortunately not large enough to include in the document.

Text extracted from the document:

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
To give you an idea of what I am talking about, I again have some photographs.
This is a small model that we made, which shows it fully inflated, and then we various sequences that you through in finally folding it up into a small package.
When we get this rather large structure, this is the kind of work which we will be doing with it.
There are also some other questions of internal arrangement, and so on.
To summarize our feeling on this, I think we can say something like this:
So far as we know, so far as we have gone at the present time, we don't see that there is required any fundamental scientific breakthroughs that are required in order to design one of these things.
However, we have not undertaken any fundamental engineering on this Langley Center just in order to prove that such a thing could be undertaken. 
If such a thing were undertaken, you might run into some problems that we haven't been smart enough to think about that that you would, but you could.
In such a design considering design, this is a long-term proposition, and I think this is about the status of our feeling on it at this time.
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: What I have to say about the actual experience we have had in developing actual inflatable satellites, two of which we have flown in the past, and the Chairman. To save time, we will hear from you at this time.
STATEMENT OF WILLIAM J. O'SULLIVAN, SPACE VEHICLE GROUP, LANGLEY RESEARCH CENTER, NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: I, too, must apologize for not having time to what I consider adequately prepare for this hearing, because yesterday I was in a meeting. I've just participated in it, and I've had no opportunity to assemble the kind of visual aids and prototype of an operational version, rigid ized operational version of a long communications satellite that came by the laboratory and I picked up some samples yesterday to illustrate some of the problems that we are encountering in this rigid ized version of the communications satellite, because they illustrate some of the problems that we are encountering in this rigid ized version of the communications satellite.
I have here some photographs which unfortunately are not large enough to include in the document, but I will pass them around showing the test of the Echo II satellite.

- page 14 -

This image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and output all the text found in the document:

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
This satellite is 135 feet in diameter. The test that we were performing was for the purpose of proving that structurally it is strong enough to withstand launching pressures undamaged and remain intact when inflated in space.
We have designed it such that it will encounter, due to the internal pressure we use to inflate it, a stress within the skin of approximately 4,000 pounds per square inch. We inflated the satellite to a pressure such as to provide this stress, and we held it there for some minutes.
To determine the factor of safety that we have in the design, we then increased the pressure inside of the satellite until we reached the point of rupture of the satellite. We found that it ruptured essentially at a stress of 15,000 pounds per square inch. This means that the satellite is capable of withstanding a pressure four and one-half times that which will be the maximum required for inflating it in orbit.
I have here some material of which this satellite is constructed. It has been made of a material that consists of a plastic film whose thickness is .35 mils, that is, .35 thousands of an inch thick. Into this plastic film has been embedded an aluminum foil of thickness of two-thousandths of an inch.
This concept of a material which could be compactly folded for transport into orbit and there pneumatically erected to shape is one of our ideas that we developed in the NASA of how we can build this deployable structures.
This illustrates one of the ways of solving the space environment problems.
Let's consider first the problem of compactly folding and transporting into orbit.
We can fold this satellite, which is 135 feet in diameter, into an approximately spherical container which is only about 45 inches in diameter. This, of course, means that there is about a 350 to 1 ratio of the deployed volume to the stowed volume.
This overcomes the first problem of launching vehicles. If we have a great big object, we can not place it on top of a launching vehicle because it exceeds the available volume. This overcomes this difficulty.
The second problem that we have to face in space, after it has been pneumatically erected, is the problem of stabilization. In the case of the Echo I satellite, which is now in orbit around the Earth, we designed it not as a rigid structure but merely as one which can maintain its shape; it will not collapse. We know this is so from our experience.

- page 15 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a typed document discussing "INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE".

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
was to last a short time, retaining its spherical shape by means of an internal pressure, this pressure being approximately two to three weeks after it was placed in orbit.
It is still essentially spherical. This is because the forces that tend to deform it are quite small and to which it can adapt itself. With the size that we are employing on this larger Echo II satellite is a good high quality communications satellite.
We think that some of the materials that can be folded for transporting into orbit and then stretched out pneumatically, set into shape, and then inflated to space structures, will again be accomplished in this manner with such materials as this.
We know as Mr. Loewy has mentioned, many materials in the very hard vacuum of space will evaporate. In the case of the samples that we have included we have a minimum loss on each side of the plane not even noticeable. By the peculiar nature of this selection of our plastic materials we find that the plastic not evaporate as was called by the sudden change in the plastic materials select those which have large molecules and by the treatment of polymerization, make the molecular sections have high stability under the polymerization process. The importance of that is this: the material encapsulation in gases such as a vapor pressure is evaporated. The larger the molecule we employ, the lower the vapor pressure at. By this process of polymerization we can produce molecules not of the ordinary size that we encounter in their vapor pressure becomes so fantastically low that we do not have much that is lost by evaporation. 
To protect against ultraviolet radiation we have run tests which tell us that by employing a very thin metallic coating over our materials, we can shut out the ultraviolet radiation. We have subjected polymers to a radiation under will produce hours for hours period of some years and the end there are still in time and become somewhat unbiblical. By the simple process of putting this material to work we can achieve this.
With regard to the problem of thermal balance, we have in our research discovered that we can but housing, conditions on this material which are so thin that they have the thickness of only a few molecules. What we can learn by this process and if the molecules of the material that we wish can hold their shape and form the thermal balance of our satellites or space stations so that which will not be too hot nor too cold, and this materials will survive in space. Virtually indefinitely.
There are a number of other problems that we have found solutions to improve facilities of the NASA and the basic ideas of how to build space stations or satellites that we have been able to discover. We have been compelled to call on industry to follow out the exploration of these ideas, and recently we placed a

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, discussing inflatable structures in space.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
contract with the Hughes Aircraft Co. to investigate approximately a dozen concepts of predicting rigidized structures in space that could be compactly folded, transported into orbit and there caused, after erection, to become rigid.
This exploratory work has resulted in some very promising, although not yet ready for use materials, and this gives us great hopes in the future.
In this field further work is required.
I think that Mr. Loftin is quite correct in stating that we have not as yet encountered any fundamental barrier to the ability to produce long lifetime satellites. In space, stations and such, however, there is a considerable amount of engineering work required in order to transfer the exploratory research that has been done in this field into the actual design and fabrication of materials that would be suitable for employment in space stations.
I think you gentlemen.
If I could answer any questions that may have come to your mind, I would be delighted to do so.
I think we all have a good many questions. I would like to ask, How does a man in one of these stations go up in the capsule, doesn't he? How do you get him from the capsule to that circular station? What way is there of passing him, a really inflatable passage way, that would lead from the capsule into the terminal portion of the space vehicle. I didn't make this clear. The toroidal space station does not reenter the atmosphere. When the crew gets ready to come home, they go back through the passageway into the capsule, close up to the capsule, disconnect from this and leave the station in orbit. Then the station is for a recent entry vehicle.
The CHAIRMAN: You are just going to allow that to float around in space? Mr. LOFTIN: This is one possibility.
Mr. LOFTIN: This thing you might do, depending on what size of operation you are talking about, is to develop the capability of rendezvous and that you might call a space ferry - a recovery-type vehicle, with the space vehicles, so that as one capsule left to take one crew home, another one capsule come in, perform a rendezvous maneuver and transfer a new crew in. This is a much more sophisticated-type operation. Ultimately, something like this could be developed in space that will not have weight; that they will not have mass. What effect will the mass have on the materials which you use for the station? I think the thing we have to worry about, with regard to mass, as I pointed out, is the dynamics of the situation, that is, you are changing the center of gravity - this is a bad word to use because we don't talk about gravity up there - you are changing the center of mass of the station so it will tend perhaps to rotate around a new center or oscillate in some way. I think this is the contest in which we need to talk about mass.

- page 17 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a document titled "INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE" containing text discussing various aspects of space stations and long-distance space travel.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
It doesn't really affect the materials except perhaps in this way:
If the man in some way propels himself from one side of the station to the other, he collides with himself hard enough to stop. Then he has to push himself and go out on the other side.
The CHAIRMAN. He still has momentum?
MR. LOFTUS. Yes, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. To offset the momentum, you have to have a material sturdy enough to resist it.
MR. LOFTUS. That is correct. This would substitute for the gravity the use of centrifugal force.
MR. LOGSDON. This is a possibility. We don't really know whether this is necessary. If in future manned space operations it is found desirable to have some form of gravity, the centrifugal force might be a possibility. You would have to be careful about this. There are some effects—as I understand it—that come into play if the radius of the space station is too small and it aggravates too much high gravity or something like that. The CHAIRMAN. Like sickness?
MR. LOFTUS. Yes, I am certainly not a medical expert, so I don't think I can speak with authority on this.
The CHAIRMAN. Any questions?
MR. KARTH. What would the primary function of this so-called "space station" be? We are not really proposing a space station. What we are doing here is saying if you had a place which people could live in, work in, and what not, if you were to enclose them, there are a few ideas that come to mind. For example, if you wanted to send a man on a long space journey that takes weeks at a time, such as journeys of such a nature that once he is committed to this, once the rocket is fired, he has gone around to where he is going to go and then he is going to have a space station in orbit where he could put men, materials, at a time and see if there are any undesirable effects that we have to be concerned with. If these effects occur, you may possibly find out whether you can handle it. Also, this gives us a chance to look into things in which you could use this.
MR. KARTH. You are talking about long-distance space flights then, much longer than from here to the Moon?
MR. LOFTUS. Yes.
Suppose you wanted to know the effect of long-term space exposure on certain kinds of materials. We can simulate if only to a certain degree.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of text from a Project Blue Book report.

Transcription of the text:

14 INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
extent on Earth. It would be nice to go up in the environment you 
are going to have to be in to do your experiments.
Mr. KARTH. Are we proceeding with the actual construction of a 
vehicle?
Mr. LOFTIN. No, sir.
Mr. KARTH. Do you have any plans?
Mr. LOFTIN. We at Langley have been studying this particular con­
cept as a necessary preliminary to see what the problems are. If a 
space station is a thing that is desired, then I think this concept as 
well as others should be considered.
Mr. KARTH. The evaluation to determine whether you can or cannot 
do this job. This is one way of doing it.
Mr. KARTH. Could it have any communications capability?
Mr. LOFTIN. Yes. I suppose scientific observations of some sort, 
perhaps an telescope or something of this nature. There are various 
techniques that you use. You could conceivably use it as an orbital 
orbit around the Earth. The question of how you build this station, 
whether you have an inflatable technique or use some other 
technique, depends on what you want the station to do, how big it is 
going to be, and a detailed engineering study of the things. You 
can't just, on the basis of some research explorations of particular 
problems, say what is really the thing that may be useful. It has to be 
subjected to a rather detailed engineering analysis.
Mr. KARTH. We are talking about something that is in its very 
infancy of research.
Mr. LOFTIN. It has only been in the past two years that we have 
worked on this concept. I believe the kind of thing that Mr. O'Shili- 
ganeously mentioned, of going back maybe five years, something 
like this, is that right?
Mr. O'SHILGANEOUSLY. Yes.
Mr. KARTH. Let's talk about this big inflatable balloon that you 
passed the picture around on.
This would be a passive communications satellite, is that correct?
Mr. LOFTIN. That is correct. This would be capable of broadcasting 
and receiving communications. It is designed to withstand the space 
environment for a period of 5 to 10 years. I might suggest we 
determined could
apply techniques that we develop under this kind of research to a 
comparison between passive and active communications satellites. 
It is quite readily shown if you can present that the tubes and all 
the components of a receiver and of a transmitter could continue 
to operate for a period of 5 or 10 years without attendance, then it 
would be very desirable to have an active type of communications 
satellite.
It would like to recall that I believe us 20 years of research was 
required before it was possible to have amplifiers of sufficient relia­
bility that it was practical to put them in trans-Atlantic cables where 
they couldn't be readily hauled up and serviced. This is somewhat 
the situation that we are in at the present moment with respect to 
communications satellites. I think that you can show that definitely 
there would be great advantages to an active type of satellite, that is, 
the kind that receives the signal and re-transmit it.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph included in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The page appears to contain text discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space" and a conversation between individuals named Mr. Karth and Mr. O'Sullivan.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE  
Mr. KARTH. How much work has 
been done in the area of inflatable 
structures? The problem is that we 
do not yet know how to build structures that will be reliable - on complements and will be certain that
same that they will encounter in space.
A space station might be employed for 
the development of active communications satellites.
Mr. KARTH. From what NASA has made, shall 
we say the only steps in the direction of active communications satellites 
have been taken?
Mr. KARTH. You are very much in the state of fancy? The reason I ask is because some of the communizations industry 
who have been before the committee have indicated that they have
the capability to build structures and components an active communications
satellite in a matter of 3 or 4 years.
Mr. O'SULLIVAN. I think that is a very difficult question to answer, because we 
do not know what the problems are that we are going to face in trying to make one that is sufficiently reliable that it is worth 
putting that investment into a communications.
But that is the reason why we have pursued first the passive satellite, 
because in order to develop active communications satellites, we must 
first be able to put up there and put in a new tube - one of the reasons that it is quite important to do so is because, for 
example, if we wish to have television communications, then we must be 
able to transmit our pictures. This means technically, in order to be 
able to transmit pictures, we must have a passive satellite system, can it?
Mr. KARTH. This can not be done by a passive satellite system, can it? 
Mr. O'SULLIVAN. It could be done with a passive satellite system
where it is large enough in diameter and where the transmitter on the 
ground is sufficiently powerful and the receiver at the other end of the 
transmission line will be satisfactory.
Mr. KARTH. Is this a capability that you see in Echo II, for example?

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space".

MR. O'SULLIVAN: I think in Echo II, on the basis of our tests of Echo I, we will be able to perform what would class as the initial steps in selection communications by means of the Echo II satellite.
MR. KARTLI: What would that attitude be?
MR. O'SULLIVAN: We have in mind an attitude of approximately 700 miles.
MR. KARTLI: We have capable boosters, we have boosters capable of achieving this right now.
MR. O'SULLIVAN: We tentatively have scheduled for the launching the Echo B vehicle.
MR. O'SULLIVAN: We tentatively have scheduled for the orbital launching the Echo B vehicle.
MR. KARTLI: Thank you.
MR. O'SULLIVAN: Further questions?
MR. KARTLI: I'm interested to Echo I and what you have said about the debris that is in outer space that might puncture a vehicle. How long will Echo I withstand that?
MR. O'SULLIVAN: No. Echo I I will not disintegrate in orbit. It is designed to withstand that. We have tested it and we know that we could do what we thought was theoretically possible, namely, send a signal from the surface of the Earth up through the ionosphere to a satellite in space, reflect it off of this satellite, back through the ionosphere, and have a signal which did not fade out, did not undergo polarization or have other things happen to it which would destroy the usefulness, the deliverability of the information.
As such, it was designed only to last in orbit a sufficient length of time to accomplish this research objective. As such, it was not designed as a permanent satellite but one that was held spherical and a good reflector of radio signals. We calculate it was impacted each day due to the micrometeorites that impinge upon it. This caused the loss of its internal gas that helped it maintain its spherical shape nicely for a period of about 2 weeks.
You mentioned that with Echo II is the building and verifying that it is not dependent on the retention of its internal pressure for maintaining itself as a good reflector of radio signals. We think that Echo II, on the basis of our present knowledge, should have the capability of lasting in space for a period of between 5 and 10 years.
The reason for not using a higher orbit is because we would have to employ a much larger satellite than 135 feet in diameter if we were to conduct reliable-exploratory television communication with a spacecraft. This will bring it down sooner than any 5 to 10 years.
If we were to put the Echo II into an orbit, say, as high as 2 to 3 hundred miles, it would tend to endure a little longer.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
3,000 miles, then it would definitely say in quite sure, 5 to 10 years as a good reflector of radio signals. 
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: Going f it is longer than you anticipated it
would, Mr. O'SULLIVAN ?
That is true, I think. But I do not think it
will stay in orbit. I think, approximately according to the results of radio signals
that it was when we first put it up. 
Mrs. WERS: Is it useful at all?
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: Yes, it is still quite useful. We are very happy
about it. It has been much better than we really anticipated.
Mrs. WERS: If it would have degenerated quite badly, but it seems
to be withstanding the space rather better than we had anticipated.
Mrs. WERS: That was my impression that it had functioned better. 
I this purely reflecting operation? As it simply the globe?
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: It is intended as reflecting operation, just like a communications satellite is, that the mirror does not care how many signals
bounce off it, what those frequencies are, what languages is employed, 
or what the band width is. It reflects them all just as well. There
is no attenuation.
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: That is right. The only instrumentation that is
aboard it satellite were two radio tracking beacons. These 
had nothing to do with communications. They did not receive
any signals and return them in any way. They were merely markers because, so that we could track the satellite by means of the Minitrack
system so we would know where it is.
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: They are mounted on the skin of the satellite. 
Mrs. WERS: I was interested in this display. The CHAIRMAN: That is the Goodyear. That is what I am going to
your instrumentation, in any of these things, the man and instruments
 are to come in by these comes, there is nothing but pressure in what is
being inflated?
Mr. LOPIN: The men say in the reentry capsule or the command 
module, whatever you want to call it, until it is inflated, and then they
enter. It is like a balloon instrument would be and it, of course, in
the deflation as it is folded.
Mrs. WERS: You could put some 
How in fact you put it together.
The CHAIRMAN: Before I recognize the next member for questioning, I present a written presentation require. We have three witnesses from Goodyear.
Your CHAIRMAN: I will recognize Mr. King, and then if there is no 
objection -
Mr. ICING: I yield to Mr. Hechler on the ground of seniority.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photograph. However, it is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
MR. HECHLER: A number of advantages have been cited for inflatable structures. I think one advantage of inflatable structures is their smaller cost. Mr. O'Sullivan, I am surprised that you would consider this as a disadvantage rather than an advantage. This would be our obligation, of course, to make sure we expand the economy that supports them rather more necessary.
I think one advantage of inflatable structures is their smaller cost. It would seem to me that we could present any comparable figures that will serve as a basis for comparison.
MR. O'SULLIVAN: I am sorry that I am ill-prepared to quote any comparable costs figures. I have to say that I was concerned with the cost analysis of the Echo I and the Echo II satellites and also the Explorer satellites, which we conclude to be rather large as compared to the cost of which we had a clear idea of how to proceed. This is one way that costs can be cut down.
MR. HECKLER: If I may understand a second, I am surprised that you are of the opinion that the inflatable structure would considerably less than that of a different type. Will you confirm that I cannot answer your question with regard to the numbers.
One thing that I want you to keep in mind:
The CHAIRMAN: Could you talk a little louder?
MR. KARFS: Yes, the question as to the comparative costs. I would make this comment, that in the development of any new system, whether it be an inflatable space station or a recovery vehicle or what have you, a very large part of the cost is in the R & D that has to go into the development.
I would guess this is relatively large as compared to the cost of the actual metal or fabric or whatever you have to use to make the thing off.
MR. HECHLER: I would suggest maybe that Goodyear might want to help you on the R & D. 
The CHAIRMAN. Mr. King, I recognized you.
I don't want to interrupt you.
The CHAIRMAN: Unless there is an urgent question, let's ask these two witnesses for a while Goodyear an opportunity to put on its case.
GOODYER REPRESENTATIVE: From the witnesses in the communications industry who were here, they estimated all the way from $500 million to $800 million for a 25 to activation satellite communication system. Could you estimate the cost for approximately that many passive systems where the duration would be from 5 to 10 years; could you give me a figure on that or could you not?
MR. O'SULLIVAN: I am sorry that I am not in a position to try to give you a figure on that.
MR. KARFS: Would you try to prepare one and give it to the committee for the minutes?
MR. O'SULLIVAN: I think we could do that.

- page 23 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph or image present in this document. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Mercury report, containing only text and a table.

OCR Output:
PROJECT MERCURY
The Naval Air Material Center, Naval Air Development Center, Naval Ordnance Test Station at China Lake, and Naval Air Station at Patuxent River, under Navy management, is acting in the operation of the Clinton-Eschara, Florida, launch and ground instrumentation.
Supports by units of the Department of Defense, as generally described in paragraph 1b, above, are not the only services rendered over and above normal military operations, call for reimbursement by NASA for any support or services rendered under and above normal military operations. Estimated costs of DOD support are contained in table IV. 
TABLE IV.-Estimated costs of Project Mercury support through MA-5 and MA-8
DOD unit/command | Estimated costs | Portion reimbursed by NASA | Balance absorbed by DOD
AEMTC | 3,182  | 1,382 | 1,800
AFFTC | 1,220 | 366 | 854
AMS | 1,051 | 304 | 747
CBMA | 1,394 | 405 | 989
AD Reserve Service | 1,444 | 419 | 1,025
DOVAP telemetry/force | 1,393 | 405 | 988
BuWeps LARC supply | 1,427 | 414 | 1,013 
USAF SAC space task group | 154 | 36 | 118
NASA space task group | 1,582 | 433 | 1,149
Total | 32,347 | 4,764 | 17,583
These estimated costs are not supported by or obtained from any accounting system. They are based on estimates of personnel time, operational expenses, and certain other costs supplied by the DOD organizations concerned. The costs listed under "Estimated costs" column include estimated cost of range support by Mercury programs. These costs have been furnished to NASA for negotiation and approval by NASA. This is a continuing process as the program develops and as the requirement for DOD support increases. 
Overall coordination of Department of Defense support for Project Mercury operations is maintained between Major Gen. Leighton L. Davis, USAF, Department of Defense Representative for Project Mercury, and Mr. Walter C. Williams, Associate Director of Project Mercury.
Project Mercury funding summary:
Initial funding for Project Mercury was provided in fiscal year 1959, when $9,418,350 was obligated for Mercury research and development, and $2,125,000 for construction and equipment. In fiscal year 1960, the obligation for research and development was $35,750,000.
The fiscal year 1960 figures include supplemental funding of $12,200,000.

- page 24 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document titled "INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE" that discusses the comparative cost of passive communication satellites.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
(The information requested is as follows:)
The question was asked for the comparative cost of a 25 to 30 passive communication satellite with a spherical structure to a system incorporated a number of active to satellite with spherical structures. The Rand Corp. under contract NASr-21, a copy of which is attached, has engaged in a study of active and passive satellite systems. The purpose of this study is to determine the practical and economic benefits and the cost consideration related to satellite communications systems. When the information developed we shall be happy to make it available.

ECONOMIC AND TECHNICAL STUDIES ON COMMUNICATION SATELLITES FOR THE SPACE PROGRAM
FOR THE PERIOD MARCH 30, 1960 TO MARCH 30, 1961
The satellite communication study was carried out during the past year. It is expected that the study of passive systems can be essentially completed during the fiscal year ending 30 June 1961.
We expect, however, that during the course of these studies other technical questions will arise which may require additional effort beyond that presently planned. We propose that study of such problems be undertaken when deemed desirable.
1. Passive Systems
A definitive parametric study of these systems containing spherical reflectors will be made to establish their economic potential. The main variables are: useful lifetime of the reflectors, size of reflectors and the number of reflectors required. Therefore, at first, it will be necessary to assign a range of reasonable lifetimes for the reflectors. And this study, in turn, will determine the area and number of reflectors required. Consideration will also be given to reflector shapes other than spherical configuration that may reduce the volume and weight of the system.
Other parameters to be considered are the capacity of the system, the circuit outages in terms of total fractional outage time, and finally the thermal and radiation effects. Other important factors are the required boost and injection needed (desired to be large), outage time, and the number of launchers required to place the satellites in orbit. The satellites should be placed widely enough apart to avoid mutual interference.
As a consequence, it will be necessary to make studies on the locations relative to the poles. As a consequence, it will be necessary to make studies on the number of satellites required and the constraints, if any, on the pattern of their distribution.
At present the state of the art of high reflective coatings and the expected power levels indicate the feasibility of this approach. This raises the question whether in this operational system the spherical configuration will be essential or whether planar structures may be adequate. These effects and optimum configurations will be studied to determine implications on the size and weight of the satellite structure.
For the same antenna size, receiver temperature and transmitter power at the ground station, the expected mutual interference between individual satellites will be determined. However, in a passive system the number of participating ground stations and active systems when the number of participating stations becomes large, the feasibility if the approach will be examined as part of the passive satellite study.

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. However, the image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, titled "INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE".

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
11. Active Systems
A thorough analysis of 24-hour communication satellites will be undertaken. While several drawback under the present system, they represent a possible solution to the coming severe shortage of 30 May 1961. 
As noted in the special advisory report, by using a more advanced repeater design which is now planned in the Advent program, a different approach to the 24-hour system may be feasible. Further studies to determine the economic potential of such a large vehicle, as well as the requirements for its launch and supporting ground installations, will be made. Of particular interest is the investigation of inflatable structures as contrasted with a single big satellite. The behavior of materials in the space environment and considerations for their protection will be studied. 
Also, replacement considerations are different as are a number of other system parameters. Backup and supporting data will be needed as background information in varying the other parameters of 24-hour systems. This includes requirements for specialized procedures, useful lifetime in orbit for a specified payload and modules, possible improvements on the infrastructure for antennas and transmitters to enable interchangeability between existing components and useful lifetime in orbit for a specific payload and modules. Possible control requirements will include investigation of orbital perturbations, orbital control, and attitude control.
Analytical investigations, analysis, and studies for example, investigation of the perfurbations of the orbit due to gravitational effects of the Sun, Moon, and the Earth's tidal forces, determine the heating of the satellite and its components due to solar radiation, study the effect of disturbing forces due to radiation pressure from the Sun on orbital and attitude control processes.

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old document discussing "INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE" and containing text related to cost estimates, economic and technical studies on communications satellites, and policy issues related to communications satellites.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
Cost estimate, economic and technical studies on communications satellites - estimated costs and fee for the year Dec. 1, 1960 - Nov. 30, 1961
Direct satellite $77,700
Publication 66,580
Staffing 5,000
Consultants, fees, and travel 16,200
Total estimated cost 175,480
Fixed fee 16,620
Total estimated cost and fixed fee 192,100

ECONOMIC AND TECHNICAL STUDIES FOR THE YEAR DECEMBER 1, 1960 - NOVEMBER 30, 1961
Studies planned and in work associated with space activities for the coming year, dealing with meteorological satellites, those dealing with communications satellites, and consideration of the impact of inflatable structures. Proposed programs are proposed to be initiated during the coming year and it is expected that studies in meteorological satellites, communications satellites, and consideration of the impact of inflatable structures may become of special interest. We propose that study of such problems be undertaken describing the relationship to NASA.

1. Communications Satellites
These studies are planned on the economic and international policy questions associated with communications satellites; a study of economic and social implications of communications satellites, and a study of the legal, administrative, and cost of international development and operation of communications satellites.

2. Economic policy issues - The study of economic policy issues will involve those considerations relating to the future work in connection with analyzing the economic benefits of communications will be continued in greater detail. Those economic analyses will be continued more frequently and will become more reliable independently of the detailed economic and technical analyses. This study will be done in close cooperation with ongoing studies by NASA on similar devices, closed-circuit TV, and commercial TV. The economic promise of communications satellites will be systematically directed to how they can be used most effectively.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, specifically a Project Blue Book report discussing inflatable structures in space.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

How well do they facilitate adjustments in spacecraft use or technological changes?
Some of the problems associated with the development of the spacecraft that have been made for improving such items as communications, navigation, meteorology, etc. are examined from a practical viewpoint. The suggestion that a market be established for the manufacture and use of inflatable structures in space exploration is considered.

A systematic examination of the state of development and applications of inflatable structures indicates that rates are determined both in the communications field and in the military field. An analysis of the consequences necessary if the benefits of communications satellites, or other kinds of inflatable structures, are to be utilized commercially and operationally reveals that the system is by definition "international" in that if provides an international system. Ground links would be made accordingly.

The United States may decide to develop and operate the system commercially or militarily and to work out participation. The Special Advisory Report of September 15, 1960, recommended changes to permit as a ground rule the participation of commercial interests. Why not develop, or at least operate, the system under some form of international agreement, ownership, or operation? This could be handled through a national technical group, or in a consortium: in a public or private corporation under international agreement.

If possible "internationalized" arrangements: their advantages, risks, and drawbacks, and the how, where, when, implications and considerations for international inflatable structures would be undertaken (e.g. International Atomic Energy Agency) in order to ensure the acceleration and installation funds required for early completion, on some of the political problems and opportunities in the field of international relations and international cooperation involved some international arrangements if this "Space Race" on Other Countries' must be faced.

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document containing text related to "Inflatable Structures in Space" and discussing various aspects of space exploration and activities.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

It. Possible improvements to the aircrart warning system - A study is being mode to obtain operational experience with the HURRICANE WARING System which might be obtained by using meteorological satellite observations. Improvements would enable the warning system to react more promptly to events and to compare the costs of obtaining position data in this manner with the present ground-based warning techniques and to the science of meteorology. 

III. Impact of the "Space Race" on Other Countries
(Current Russian competition is a study of Soviet cold war objectives in space, and the Soviet conception of U.S. objectives and space programs. The impact of this Soviet-U.S. competition may be limited to minor matters, such as satellite tracking, telemetry, and data transmission. Serious impact does not appear to be proposed, on a limited scale, in order to provide an empirical basis for positive contracting activities. while the international implications must of course be considered, the pressure for political action by interested nations could be greatly reduced by the support the United States can provide both technical and political.)

Direct costs:
Overhead at 25.08 percent-----------------------------------------$93,500 
Fabrication----------------------------------------------------114,200
Materials--------------------------------------------------------15,000
Consultants, fees, and travel-------------------------------------68,000
Computing machine rental----------------------------------------5,000
Total estimated cost------------------------------------------$335,700
Fixed fee---------------------------------------------------------20,150

Mr. O'SULLIVAN: In regarci to the question I believe you asked a moment ago, I have some further information: namely, to the effect that in the event it is decided to construct an inflatable structure in space, we feel that it is a very inexpensive way to test out the satellite components in the space environment. 
The CHAIRMAN: $3 million?
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: I think so.

OCR Output:

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

It. Possible improvements to the aircraft warning system - A study is being made to obtain operational experience with the HURRICANE WARNING System which might be obtained by using meteorological satellite observations. Improvements would enable the warning system to react more promptly to events and to compare the costs of obtaining position data in this manner with the present ground-based warning techniques and to the science of meteorology.

III. Impact of the "Space Race" on Other Countries 
(Current Russian competition is a study of Soviet cold war objectives in space, and the Soviet conception of U.S. objectives and space programs. The impact of this Soviet-U.S. competition may be limited to minor matters, such as satellite tracking, telemetry, and data transmission. Serious impact does not appear to be proposed, on a limited scale, in order to provide an empirical basis for positive contracting activities. While the international implications must of course be considered, the pressure for political action by interested nations could be greatly reduced by the support the United States can provide both technical and political.)

Direct costs:
Overhead at 25.08 percent-----------------------------------------$93,500
Fabrication----------------------------------------------------114,200
Materials--------------------------------------------------------15,000
Consultants, fees, and travel-------------------------------------68,000
Computing machine rental----------------------------------------5,000
Total estimated cost------------------------------------------$335,700
Fixed fee---------------------------------------------------------20,150

Mr. O'SULLIVAN: In regard to the question I believe you asked a moment ago, I have some further information: namely, to the effect that in the event it is decided to construct an inflatable structure in space, we feel that it is a very inexpensive way to test out the satellite components in the space environment. 
The CHAIRMAN: $3 million?
Mr. O'SULLIVAN: I think so.

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

STATEMENT OF ROBERT W. RICHARDSON, VICE PRESIDENT OF GOODYEAR AIRCRAFT CORP., AKRON, OHIO, ACCOMPANIED BY DR. ROBERT S. ROSS AND ROBERT T. MADDEN, OF GOODYEAR AIRCRAFT CORP.

Mr. RICHARDSON. We are very pleased to be here today. (While in this introduction of topics we will mention the same thing. So, when you hear the difference in words, we are all telling the same thing.)

We would like to discuss with you matters that you might small or large as you get into orbit.

We are not only delighted to be here, primarily to acquaint you with NASA's satellites to carry the discussion into some other areas that have a military application or a satellite program.

It is obvious, as pointed out by Mr. Loftin, that in an expendable structure your bulk can find it in the launch pad. It basically has light weight, and through that utilizes only medium size or smaller versions to put large structures in space.

The Goodyear Aircraft we have been interested in this subject and have done some research work for a number of years.

The state of the art is coming along well. We don't know all the answers as yet, but it is not too difficult. There is a big world ahead of us in this country in the use of expendable structures for launching larger spacecraft.

We should get ahead with our presentation.

We are going to have to ask you, Mr. Chairman, to bear with us. We have some slides and motion pictures. We have a black-and-white presentation. We are going to show these to you as quickly as we can.

The CHAIRMAN. We will help you with the lights. We will help you until noon. That is all we can give you.

Mr. RICHARDSON. We will do the best we can to be finished by noon.

There are two gentlemen with me from our organization, Dr. R. S. Ross and Mr. T. Madden, who are going to participate in our presentation. We will find it very interesting.

We will be most happy to answer any questions when we are through.

With your permission, I would like to turn our presentation over to Dr. R. S. Ross.

- page 30 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be a timeline or infographic depicting the "50 Years of Flight Fabrics" from 1909 to the present day (labeled "TODAY"). The timeline shows the evolution of different aircraft designs over the decades, including stylized illustrations of various aircraft types.

STATEMENT OF DR. ROBERT S. ROSS, AEROMECHANICS 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT DEPARTMENT, GOODYEAR AIR-
CRAFT CORP., AKRON, OHIO

Dr. Ross: We are going to show you a few slides of some of the inflatable or expandable structures. I have some movies here of the CHAFF MAN, a man that is inside of us can't see the slides.

The CHAFF MAN structures. They all involve the same thing: they can be folded up into a small compact package at one time and opened up into a very large one at another time.

Dr. Ross: Some call them inflatable, expandable, or plant structures. They all involve the same thing: the basic function; they can be folded up into a small compact package at one time and opened up into a very large one at another time.

50 YEARS OF FLIGHT FABRICS

The image shows a timeline depicting the evolution of aircraft designs over the past 50 years, from 1909 to the present day.

- page 31 -

The image contains a page from an old document discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space". It lists several advantages of these structures, including packaging ability, ease of erection, light weight, and overload recovery. There is no photograph present in this image.

ADVANTAGES 
PACKAGING ABILITY
EASE OF ERECTION
LIGHT WEIGHT
OVERLOAD RECOVERY

First of all, as has been mentioned several times, the packaging ability we have a million things built into it and we haven't had to pay for them. Normally, when we make a hard structure, if you put a thing on its, it costs you money. We don't need any kind of packaging about it. It creates. This simplicity results in reliability. The erection ability of space reliability usually is speed up. Light weight. This is one of the factors that usually surprises most people. In the aircraft field where weight is such a problem, it is usually very difficult to get anything much over 90 percent of empty weight.This is a very large factor and an important one. There is nothing giving or secret about it. We aren't varying any basic fundamentals. The reason that we can usually go to these extra light weights is that we anticipate the structural distresses of very severe loading, which we never make. If you get the metals down to these dimensions, they would be foils so delicate that they would be hard to handle. The last factor, overload recovery, is the kind of thing that is helpful to the engineer who works in this field. We anticipate how big the loads are going to be and make a structure that has a very large factor of safety. This provides more than he anticipated in the first place. When you operate in an environment, you have to anticipate more than what you anticipate.

- page 32 -

The image contains a photograph depicting an airship or dirigible-like aircraft. The text below the image provides a detailed description of the airship, including its size relative to a typical airplane, the expandable nature of its envelope, and the general advantages of this type of structure. There is no mention or identification of any human individuals in the image.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
In normal structures, if you get a load that is too large, the structure will collapse. In an expandable structure what happens is, instead of collapsing, the load is spread very evenly across the entire structure, and this type of structure is just as good as new. These are our advantages with this type of structure.
THE AIRSHIP STORY
The reason for showing the picture (Figure 3) of the airship, which is not necessarily the ideal type, is that we have already examined this for carrying very large payloads and find you can do this with an airship type vehicle. Another reason for showing structure. 
The size that you see underneath the airship is about the size of a good size airplane. You can see how much larger the envelope, which is expandable structure, is. It can be made much larger than usual. This type of structure usually requires very large structures, and when we talk about it is a large structure. About the first of several brief moving pictures examples of expandable structures.

- page 33 -

The image contains a photograph depicting two illustrations of a "Tailored Expandable Structure". The illustrations show the structure in a compressed and expanded state. There is no human face visible in this image.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
TAILORED EXPANDABLE STRUCTURE
FIGURE 4
Dr. Ross: Leaving the airship for a moment and looking at one of the inflatable structures, Figure 4 shows the contraction and expansion of this type of structure. This is a major advantage over sheet metal structures, since we have the capability of making the structure as big as we want. This is an advantage over sheet metal structures, whether required or not. If we have a big load in one direction, we can put few yards into that direction, and this gives us the advantage of only putting the material where we want it. Can you visualize this? Also, it has the advantage of making these lightweight, that is what we talking about.
Also, every time you have a pressurized structure, where you have pressure in the center and carry all the material around it, should the internal pressure be reduced, the whole structure will tend to go down. The airship is a body of revolution of this type.
We attach the envelope to the bottom and distribute its load into the envelope by centenary attached to the top. Actually, you will find that we have to put pressures down on those areas to take the strain.
If we carried that over a wide span, you would find we could pull every bit out on the top and bottom and get the shape shown in the lower part of Figure 4, and have what you might consider a flat airship.
I also consider that you might take this and put an infinite number of these what you might take and go along as a pressurized structure that don't have to be limited to round structures, cylinders, or torus-type. This gives you great flexibility.

- page 34 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document discussing funding and the goals of the project.

PROJECT MERCURY
OOO for research and development, and 50,000,000 for construction and equipment.
Early in fiscal year 1960, Congress was advised that NASA intended to transfer $15 million from research and development appropriation to construction and equipment. For fiscal year 1961, the current allowation of funds is $120,531,000 for research and development, and 950,000,000 for construction and equipment. A request for $24,000,000 is currently contained in the NASA authorization request for fiscal year 1962.
In the past, man's scientific and technical knowledge was limited by the fact that he has observations were either from the Earth's surface, or from within the Earth's atmosphere. Now, man can send his instruments to various points in the Earth's environment on which scientific probes or which are proposed to be included in the national or international space programs. The benefits to man that have been derived from these initial explorations of space, in its broadest sense, will begin only when man is destined to play a vital and direct role in the exploration of space. The most immediate and direct role in the exploration of space is that of man himself as an astronaut and scientist. Certainly, much of the planning for manned flight of space vehicles concerns the selection, training, and care of man specialists whose talents would be needed. In all of these areas, man is finding himself exposed and the techniques involved, and the unexpected, of course, is the most interesting.
The search for extraterrestrial life, for instance, is a problem of formidable difficulty for pure instrumentation systems that is much more easily attacked when the capabilities of man are utilized. Even in more precise endeavors such as photography, it is desirable to have a human directly to assure adequate exposure, to recognize that his view is obstructed, or even to lose that this gives him heretofore unforeseen capabilities in orbiting space laboratories. Man's observations will then form direct contributions to the conduct of a range of meteorological, communications, broadcasting, and other special search activities in orbiting laboratories. Orbiting laboratories will also permit the investigation and proof testing of vehicles and missions. Of course, in this area are the additional communications and guidance systems required for spacecraft erection and construction. The investigation of rendezvous techniques will also be a significant program.

- page 35 -

The image contains a series of illustrations depicting different inflatable structural forms. There is no photograph present in the image.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
EXPANDABLE STRUCTURAL FORMS
FIGURE 3
One of the breakthroughs we had was the development of a material called "Aramid" which is a very tough, lightweight material on the upper right side of Figure 3. This is a typical flat panel that we used for pressure hull and doesn't go to a sphere but is flat. We call this "Aramit". When you put pressure in them, the tendency is to expand more than the dimension of the threads. It was able to take the loads and actually shape the structure. This shows you that you inflated this body you would have an air foil-shaped device. See Figure 6. Many shapes from the straight-type tubes to the drop-shaped structure are showing you are nothing but pieces of cloth side surfaces very close together. To make carpet they cut the drop surfaces to make them gas-tight, seal the edges and pressurize internally to make a rigid structure. This is nothing more than I mean, if you might visualize it, as shown in Figure 6. With pressure, you get tension in the surfaces and you have an I-beam with the web of the I-beam. It is difficult to get material lighter than this. This is why we look at it as one of the world's lightest structural materials. It will remain still and hard as long as you maintain pressure in it.

- page 36 -

The image contains a photograph depicting a "LOADING SYSTEM" for an inflatable structure in space. The photograph shows two diagrams of the loading system components.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
LOADING SYSTEM
FIGURE 5
As mentioned earlier, we were actually able to make an airfoil shaped, lifting body structure intended for use in interplanetary flight with a speed-flied number of yards of a 6-foot 015 wing structure. We could use this loading system and further useful in this way, we actually worked with the Navy. As we tried to make it as small as possible. If a pilot is down in some hostile territory, you could fly over, drop this loading device, he could then turn a valve and he would inflate, start the engine and fly back to his base. We made an airplane like this, we had to make what you would call breakthroughs in the state of the art of inflatable structures. We were able to make a conventional structure. We have a short movie now of one of these little airplanes so you can get some idea of it's design and flight characteristics.  We wanted this technique for the Army. (Movie shown of inflatable plane being unpacked and flown)  Dr. Boesen: The next slides cover some of our space stations. Since this field covers everything from underwater to in the air and off the planet, and the space field is what we are in, this is what we are talking about. Those inflatable structures such as some that require large strengths-light weight, such as a space station, those that more or less surround high temperatures such as solar collectors and so on.

- page 37 -

The image contains several photographs of inflatable structures in space, including an "Inflatoplane". The images show various inflatable objects and structures that could potentially be used for re-entry into the atmosphere.

STATEMENT OF ROBERT T. MADDEN, MANAGER, ASTRONAUTICS
A. LANGLEY RESEARCH CENTER, NASA, LANGLEY, OHIO

MR. MADDEN: Figure 5 shows what we might consider an advanced spacecraft vehicle - a large toroidal airfromne-type con-struction. Figure 3 shows a configuration which is more representative of the type of work that we are doing today with the Langley Research Center configuration. This configuration shows our considerations at two possibilities of how expandable structures might be used in a space vehicle, and in the upper left hand side for comparison show a configuration which might be a metallic cylinder, possibly the final stage of a booster.

- page 38 -

The image contains two photographs. The top photograph depicts various structures in space, including a space station and other inflatable structures. The bottom photograph shows different inflatable structures, including a rendez vous capability, gravity potential, and maximum volume per pound versatility.

Text extracted from the image:

SPACE STATIONS

CONFIGURATION EVALUATION
RENDEZVOUS FEASIBILITY
GRAVITY POTENTIAL
VOLUME PER POUND
MAXIMUM VOLUME PER POUND 
VERSATILITY

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document discussing inflatable structures in space, including a table with "Boost Weight Data" and details about various space stations and launch capabilities.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
Our studies have shown that the problem of gravity simulation, if this is that area of concern, can probably be best handled with a toroidal arrangement and that this type of structure, using some of the principles that Dr. Ross explained, can be made a minimum weight for the desired volume. The research work that we are presenting with the Langley Research Center is being directed at getting more accurate information on the problems he has enumerated.

On Figure 10, we show a comparison of some of the expendable space stations comparisons that we have been investigating. 

The first is a one-man 21-foot diameter configuration, identified that configuration that Mr. Huffman described and as represented by our model which I want to describe a little later.

BOOST WEIGHT DATA
[table with weight breakdown data for various mission days, capsule, torus, power, and launch total]

- page 40 -

The image contains a photograph of an inflatable spacecraft or structure. The image shows a large, curved spacecraft-like object with a central hub and spokes extending outwards. The text describes this as an "inflatable structure in space" and provides details about its deployment and capabilities.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

Here a ballistic-type nose for the center hub and, as brought out in some of the earlier discussion, the space station would be packaged within the nose cone as an integral unit. After deployment of the inflated section in the space environment, the crew could move out through the spokes into the working structure. As you can see, in the lower left-hand side, completely packaged, the inflatable components make closely with the booster configuration. After deployment, the pressurized space station assumes the toroidal shape. Following the expansion of the mission, the capsule can be separated similarly to the manner in which it recently accomplished with the Mercury capsule.
Figure 13 shows the launch configuration, which is perhaps better described by a movie which we can show now of the building of an expandable/contractible space station model and deployed configurations. Starting with the basic Atlas booster, as shown here, then comes an interstage fairing, the attachment of the Centaur stage, and finally on top of this the mission module, as we term it, which would enclose the packaged inflatable space station. This is attached to the Mercury capsule configuration much as it is presently designed today.

- page 41 -

The image contains two diagrams related to inflatable structures in space. The first diagram is titled "ASCENT AND RE-ENTRY" and depicts various stages of a spacecraft's journey, including deployment, station in orbit, leave orbit, orientation, re-entry, and landing. The second diagram is titled "LAUNCH CONFIGURATION" and shows the components of a spacecraft, including the Mercury capsule, Centaur booster, and details about the orbital altitude, launch weight, crew, and mission duration.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

ASCENT AND RE-ENTRY
DEPLOYMENT
STATION IN ORBIT
LEAVE ORBIT
CENTAUR SEPARATION
TOWER SEPARATION
ATLAS SEPARATION
LAUNCH
ORIENTATION, RE-ENTRY
RECOVERY
LANDING

LAUNCH CONFIGURATION
MERCURY CAPSULE
SPACE MODULE
CENTAUR BOOSTER
ORBITAL ALTITUDE - 300 NAUT MI
ORBITAL INCLINATION - 28.5 DEG
LAUNCH WEIGHT - 304,000 LB
CREW - 1 MAN
MISSION DURATION - UP TO 14 DAYS
ABORT SYSTEM
ESCAPE AND RE-ENTRY - MERCURY SYSTEM
RECOVERY - MERCURY SYSTEM

- page 42 -

The image shows a diagram or illustration of an inflatable structure in space. It appears to be a ballistic-type nose cone and re-entry vehicle that would also be the center hub, as discussed in the text. The image depicts the space craft in a deployed configuration, with details about its operation and capabilities described in the accompanying text.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
Here a ballistic-type nose cone and re-entry vehicle would also be the center hub and, as brought out in some of the earlier discussion, the space station would be packaged in this way. After deployment of the inflatable structure, the crew would move out into the working structure. 
As you can see, in the lower left-hand side, completely packaged, the inflatable components are securely attached. After deployment, the pressurized space station assumes the toroidal shape for maximum rigidity. The pressurized gas inside can be much reduced over that recently accomplished with the Mercury capsule. Figure 13 shows the launch configuration, which is perhaps better described by a movie which we can show now of the buildup of an inflatable space station model launch and deployed configurations.

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It consists of two diagrams:

1. "Ascent and Re-entry" diagram showing the various stages and configurations of an inflatable space structure during launch, orbit, and landing.

2. "Launch Configuration" diagram providing technical details about the Mercury capsule, including orbital altitude, orbital inclination, launch weight, crew, mission duration, abort system, escape and re-entry, and recovery systems.

OCR output of the text in the document:

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

FIGURE 12

ASCENT AND RE-ENTRY
DEPLOYMENT
STATION IN ORBIT
LEAVE ORBIT
ORIENTATION, RE-ENTRY
CENTAUR SEPARATION
RECOVERY
TOWER SEPARATION
ATLAS SEPARATION
LAUNCH

FIGURE 13

LAUNCH CONFIGURATION
MERCURY
CAPSULE
SPACE
STATION
MODULE
CENTAUR
BOOSTER
ORBITAL ALTITUDE - 300 NAUT MI 
ORBITAL INCLINATION - 28.5 DEG
LAUNCH WEIGHT - 304,000 LB
CREW - 1 MAN
MISSION DURATION - UP TO 14 DAYS
ABORT SYSTEM - MERCURY SYSTEM
ESCAPE AND RE-ENTRY - MERCURY SYSTEM
RECOVERY - MERCURY SYSTEM

- page 44 -

The image contains a photograph of an inflatable structure, labeled "GENERAL ARRANGEMENT". The text describes this structure as part of the "packaged space station" and the "entry vehicle" and mentions that it is designed to hold the internal construction that would be the pressure-sealing member of the structure.

Inflatable Structures in Space

Our studies of inflatable structures known that the payload of the packaged space station and the re-entry vehicle are well within the limits of the payload capacity and the total weight are comparible with the booster capability. For that reason, we have no criticism on the booster to put such a special configuration. 

Perhaps I can describe this better by going actually to the model. Here we have the model that you saw in the movie. (See figure 14.) You can see that the mission module and Mercury capsule would be launched in this configuration. I think it is a rather recent development that we have gone to in order to solve the problem. We have here a paper model which shows this although simple, in fairly vivid terms, the type of arrangement that we can go with in a inflatable usage. 

The material usage that we fillment under the internal construction without any real concern for the cooling problem. We have here a paper model which shows this, although simple, in fairly vivid terms, the type of arrangement that we can go with in an inflatable usage.

The material usage that we fillment under the internal construction is a photograph of the inflatable structure that is required for the design pressure. Figure 15 is a photograph of the bladder internal construction, which would be then the pressure-sealing member of the structure.

- page 45 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Mercury, which was a space program in the United States in the 1950s and 1960s.

PROJECT MERCURY
The genesis of the Nation's manned space-flight program dates back to research and study efforts carried out in 1955-1956 and 1955.
In those years, studies were made by the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, predecessor of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and by each of the military services, to determine the requirements for manned space flight.
The report of the Committee on Science and Aeronautics, House of Representatives 1963, of the President's designate in August 1958, the President assigned the responsibility for the manned flight program to NASA, which by that time had been established by the National Aeronautics and Space Act.
The initial law through which this program was established was approved on July 29, 1958.
It established the basic purpose, organization, and policies, including the development and testing of shapes, had progressed to a point on August 1, 1958, when Director of Space Flight Dr. T. Keith Glennan and now Deputy Administrator of NASA, was ready to proceed with the project.
Although the responsibility for the manned space-flight program was assigned in 1958 to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, it was not until 1959 that the first seven astronauts were selected.
This program that we are talking about will lead to a man in space in something of the order of 2 to 3 years, depending on how much luck you have.

- page 46 -

The image shows a photograph of an inflatable structure in space. The structure appears to be a large circular ring or torus shape, with distinct radial striations or ridges visible on its surface. The caption below the image indicates that this structure is 30 feet in diameter and will be assembled with the 30-foot units shown in Figure 15.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
It is important to note in this configuration, such as this, that the inflatable structures are suitable for a variety of purposes, such as work stands, control consoles, and shelters. And these tend themselves to similar packaging and light-weight capability in the lunar configuration.
Of course, there is the question asked, what do we see in looking at the possibility of space vehicles? We feel the approach we are discussing here with the torus configuration lends itself directly to studies of inflatable structures where we can investigate, on a test-bed basis, the performance of such systems. Using controllable natural periods, and if the characteristics we have as the Apollo planning consider the considerations as the Air Force is now consider the possible future of the Air Force.
Figure 17 shows a picture of the center hub of a 30-foot diameter unit that we are building on corporate funds at Goodyear. This unit will be assembled with the 30-foot units shown in Figure 15.

- page 47 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a technical document discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space" and "Orbital Missions". The text on the page outlines various requirements and programs for orbital missions, including "Determine Survival Requirements", "Conduct Test Programs", and "Evaluate Systems and Equipment". Figure 16 appears to show some kind of spacecraft or rocket component, but no human faces are present.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

ORBITAL MISSIONS
DETERMINE SURVIVAL REQUIREMENTS
• GRAVITY SIMULATION
• PSYCHOLOGICAL RESPONSE
• PHYSIOLOGICAL RESPONSE

EVALUATE SYSTEMS AND EQUIPMENT
• WASTE COLLECTION
• LIFE SUPPORT
• ATTITUDE CONTROL
• ON-BOARD POWER PLANT

CONDUCT TEST PROGRAMS
• TEST BED FOR ADVANCED SYSTEMS
• SCIENTIFIC TESTS
• MATERIALS AND SYSTEMS

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text and a development plan chart. 

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
Figure 18 shows a development plan which we feel is feasible, based on our current work in house at Goodyear, and that with the Langley Research Center under the Air Force.
As Mr. Loftin and Mr. O'Sullivan pointed out, we too agree that there are no minor technical breakthroughs required to work toward the constrinction of inflatable structures in space for approximately 10 years. This is not to say that research on inflatable structures and a large number of other areas, but we do feel the direction we are getting now in the structural design of these full scale units does give us a firm basis in this area.
Our plan here would be to work toward vertical shots and then the fabrication of these full scale units. Two of which we would utilize the Mercury capsule for the re-entry of, in this instance, a one-man crew.
DEVELOPMENT PLAN
PROGRAM PHASE YEARS AFTER CONTRACT GO-AHEAD
1 2 3 4
PRELIMINARY STUDIES, MODEL TESTING
DESIGN, FABRICATION
GROUND TESTS
VERTICAL FLIGHT TESTS
INSTRUMENTATION
DEPLOYMENT
SYSTEMS
ABORT
ORBITAL TESTS
QUALIFICATION (UNMANNED)
QUALIFICATION (MANNED)
This completes my portion of the presentation. Mr. Richardson. One other thing I would like to point out, that I think Mr. Madden overlooked, is it allows the man to get out of his space suit, to take it off after he comes out into the space station, and to work in a normal environment in the space station.
Things like this we have to learn as we go on into space.

- page 49 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document titled "INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE" containing text.

STATEMENT OF DR. ROBERT S. ROSS, DIRECTOR, AERONAUTICAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT GOODYEAR AIR-CRAFT CORP., AKRON, OHIO (Continued)

Dr. Ross: I think the things that we are going to tell you are as we got up into space. We started to realize there are other problems such as high temperatures. We wanted to find out if we could make these materials that normally go up to 200 degrees Fahrenheit, so they can withstand temperatures up to 1,500 or 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit. We found that materials like some of the stainless steels or Rene-41 have very good temperature strength curve. Actually, you can get up to 1,500 or 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit. So we continued down into fibers so we could weave it into cloths. We found we could do this. We had to draw down until we got some of the fibers to a third of a human hair.

The next problem was to develop an elastomer that would be able to withstand the kind of temperatures that we are going to encounter. We don't feel we have the answer to this problem yet. We do feel we have been making some headway in this particular direction.

Now, since we are not in the space environment, it is very difficult to evaluate some of these materials on Earth. So we have to attempt to simulate conditions as closely as possible. We try to do these in altitude chambers using high temperatures and high pressures, but the problem is you can only do this for a short time over the material itself, so we developed a little hydrogen and oxygen rocket. We did that a little material in the blast of this rocket and try to evaluate what takes place here.

Now, some of the high-temperature material tests - I will now notice that this is the type of material, if you have in your hands, in a frame in a hydrogen-oxygen rocket blast. It will start to glow and it will actually get red hot there. It still retains most of its properties. As I say, it is the type that we are using to try to screen the different kinds of materials that we would need for high-temperature re-entry.

Transcript:

STATEMENT OF DR. ROBERT S. ROSS, DIRECTOR, AERONAUTICAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT GOODYEAR AIR-CRAFT CORP., AKRON, OHIO (Continued)

Dr. Ross: I think the things that we are going to tell you are as we got up into space. We started to realize there are other problems such as high temperatures. We wanted to find out if we could make these materials that normally go up to 200 degrees Fahrenheit, so they can withstand temperatures up to 1,500 or 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit. We found that materials like some of the stainless steels or Rene-41 have very good temperature strength curve. Actually, you can get up to 1,500 or 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit. So we continued down into fibers so we could weave it into cloths. We found we could do this. We had to draw down until we got some of the fibers to a third of a human hair. 

The next problem was to develop an elastomer that would be able to withstand the kind of temperatures that we are going to encounter. We don't feel we have the answer to this problem yet. We do feel we have been making some headway in this particular direction.

Now, since we are not in the space environment, it is very difficult to evaluate some of these materials on Earth. So we have to attempt to simulate conditions as closely as possible. We try to do these in altitude chambers using high temperatures and high pressures, but the problem is you can only do this for a short time over the material itself, so we developed a little hydrogen and oxygen rocket. We did that a little material in the blast of this rocket and try to evaluate what takes place here.  

Now, some of the high-temperature material tests - I will now notice that this is the type of material, if you have in your hands, in a frame in a hydrogen-oxygen rocket blast. It will start to glow and it will actually get red hot there. It still retains most of its properties. As I say, it is the type that we are using to try to screen the different kinds of materials that we would need for high-temperature re-entry.

- page 50 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of several inflatable structures or balloons used in space exploration. The caption below the image is titled "DECELERATION BALLOONS" and describes how this type of structure, when opened up at high altitudes, can act as a parachute to slow down the reentry of a vehicle. The text also mentions that this technology is used on the "Titan missile" to bring back a 500-pound weight, and that the speed of this inflation process is 3.5 times the speed of sound.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

There are two basic types of re-entry that we can encounter. One is the ballistic type, where you have some type of vehicle to let you come down, and the other is the lifting type, where you come in with wings and can fly in the atmosphere. 

With these expandable types of structures, we find both of these types of units can be put on a launch pad in a small package.

Working with the Air Force and NASA, using their laboratories, we found that you can handle these ballistic-type vehicles, which you can see at the left here, with a torus-type ring around it, which can be attached to a re-entry vehicle or escape capsule.

This item, when opened up in the high altitudes, is actually positioned by the inflation to open when there is no air. As it comes through the particular type of vehicle can do it, this balloon inflates by 252 pounds, makes it act like a shuttle-cock, and brings the weight.

This is used on the Titan missile to bring back about a 500-pound weight. I would like to show some movies of this in the NASA tunnels at 2-1/2 times the speed of sound.

Dr. Ross. You will have to watch it closely. The inflates in two-tenths of a second. This is 3-1/2 times the speed of sound.

- page 51 -

The image contains a photograph titled "LIGHT WING LOADING RE-ENTRY VEHICLE", which appears to depict a spacecraft or unidentified flying object.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
After it is opened, we let it roll again, and this changes the drag again. If we increase it by getting it beyond the interference of the balloon, the trailing string that you saw was the means of preventing it from getting all wound up. 
This is the Crew missile that this unit was put on. The Ballute is folded in a package between the missile and the booster. When this booster is fired after the booster is dropped off, this Ballute, about 30 feet in diameter, comes out and decelerates the bottom end of the vehicle. 
This was the first of two shots on that particular project.
As far as we can tell, everything was successful. We don't know what to change on the next one. This has been a very successful program.
The amount of sound we have to dampen, 10 times the amount of sound of a booster of this type, requires damping equipment, which gets very massive.
The other type of re-entry that we might want to discuss is what can you do about coming from outer space and flying down to a pre-determined landing space. It would have to be all packaged into the launch nose. When it gets up, into space, it would have to go to the vehicle that we are talking about.

OCRED TEXT:
INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
After it is opened, we let it roll again, and this changes the drag again. If we increase it by getting it beyond the interference of the balloon, the trailing string that you saw was the means of preventing it from getting all wound up. 
This is the Crew missile that this unit was put on. The Ballute is folded in a package between the missile and the booster. When this booster is fired after the booster is dropped off, this Ballute, about 30 feet in diameter, comes out and decelerates the bottom end of the vehicle. 
This was the first of two shots on that particular project.
As far as we can tell, everything was successful. We don't know what to change on the next one. This has been a very successful program.
The amount of sound we have to dampen, 10 times the amount of sound of a booster of this type, requires damping equipment, which gets very massive.
The other type of re-entry that we might want to discuss is what can you do about coming from outer space and flying down to a pre-determined landing space. It would have to be all packaged into the launch nose. When it gets up, into space, it would have to go to the vehicle that we are talking about.

- page 52 -

The image contains a photograph of a "Re-Entry Model Packaged" which appears to be a schematic diagram or technical illustration. The diagram shows the various components of the re-entry package, including parachute stowage, guidance/communication, electron and rudder servos, reaction control tank, inflation sphere, helium payload, and a 9-inch radius metal nose.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
Why do we think we can do this now? 
I think if we can go on through the slides, I think I can show you how the entire thing could be packaged into a small package, about 10 feet by 10 feet by 10 feet,
and in this small package, contained by cylinder and spheres, show the approximate volume of the hard structures, the instrumentation, the gas supply, as they would fit.
The space around here is taken up by the flexible structure. When you get that into space, it opens to this size vehicle.

RE-ENTRY MODEL PACKAGED
PARACHUTE STOWAGE
GUIDANCE, COMMUNICATION AND
INSTRUMENTATION
ELBON AND RUDDER SERVOS
H2O2 REACTION CONTROL TANK
INFLATION SPHERE, HELIUM
PAYLOAD
9 IN. RADIUS METAL NOSE
10 FEET

Figure 22 shows how small it is when it starts and how large it is when opened up. You notice the parts in here are the same where they are needed in the package and how they are distributed to figure 23 is another view of the high-altitude re-entry ship. It has the same aerodynamic structure material is made out of a metal and has the same kind of properties as any hard structure. The slide will show it as clearly as any person we think we can do more things with this approach than with some of the hard structures that we can go to a higher weight vehicle that could fly in the atmosphere at high altitudes.

- page 53 -

The image contains two photographs. The first photograph shows an unusual object that appears to be some kind of inflatable or deployable spacecraft structure. It has an elongated, aerodynamic shape with a pointed nose and fins or appendages protruding from the sides. The second photograph shows a detailed diagram of a "RE-ENTRY MODEL DEPLOYED" vehicle, which appears to be a conceptual or prototype design for a re-entry craft. The diagram labels various components of the vehicle, including the "RUDDER AND ELEVON SERVOS", "GUIDANCE, COMMUNICATION, AND INSTRUMENTATION", "INFLATION SPHERE, HELIUM", and "H2O2 REACTION CONTROL TANK". The text and diagrams appear to be discussing technical details and specifications of inflatable or deployable aerospace structures.

RE-ENTRY MODEL DEPLOYED
RUDDER AND ELEVON SERVOS
GUIDANCE, COMMUNICATION, AND INSTRUMENTATION
INFLATION SPHERE, HELIUM
H2O2 REACTION CONTROL TANK
PAYLOAD

- page 54 -

The image contains a chart titled "RE-ENTRY FLIGHT CORRIDOR" that shows the altitude and velocity of an object in space. There is no photograph present in this image.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
Figure 24 is a typical curve that shows the altitude and velocity. And this shaded area that you see is what we call the re-entry corridor. Normally, each square foot of the wing surface must carry some-what around 25 pounds per square foot. Going to this inflatable light weight structure, we can probably divide that by 10 and have actually around 2.5 pounds per square foot. This structure can actually come in and fly at the high altitude. These super lines here indicate the altitude at which you could probably fly with this vehicle and the lower region of this plot is the recovery a hard structure because it would burn up.
The upper line is the aerodynamic line. With our vehicle, you can see the whole thing is raised up. We can come in and fly at higher altitudes. We are still within the region of the curves here according to the speeds that we can achieve with this inflatable structure this is 2,500 degrees. We don't have to develop materials to go to such high temperatures as a hard structure. This is why if we can develop coatings and finishes to take 3,500 degrees, you can have a wing that will be cool enough to pressurize within.

- page 55 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with text describing inflatable structures in space.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
land on it. You might say, "I want to land on Island 9-A," and you would fly in as a conventional airplane. When it gets to the low altitude, it would begin to inflate and would become the size of the normal airplane that it would operate. 
If you were going to put it into orbit, Figure 26 is looking down on the top of the world. This is a cross-section of some place like Vanguard. You see, if this is the footprint of it as penetrating capability, it would be particularly large and smooth. This would have a very particular shape.
Now we have one thing that is inflated to a very large field light, wings, as don't know don't say particularly large field because of the light. When this thing is inflated, it would be something like this. It would normally cover and you can see the way it opens. This would normally cover the orbital shell that you put it in. When it opens, it opens to that shape and you now have a lifting type of vehicle that is designed and yet doesn't go to the aerodynamic shape to which it was fabricated.
When it can many any other type of vehicle. The work that needs to be done is to develop the materials that are needed to withstand the re-entry conditions that we will encounter on this kind of vehicle. We soon as that is done, we will be able to fly in from outer space.
More show ng the structure opening in tunnel.
You know, this is an example of what would happen in the sub-orbital show how those inflated things would move on and open wings in that atmosphere.
The shot is in a wind tunnel and trying to open the wings with air going by. You will find that this thing is going to be tested and a about to leave good wind air coming by encounter they can time.
There are four shots here. This thing opens in about a second.
The next one we put it at a high angle to see whether it would affect it. It looks like this is a very promising area. We should be able to go on look for re-entry vehicles or both the lifting and drag type.

- page 56 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Mercury, which was a NASA program in the 1950s and 1960s to develop human spaceflight capabilities.

PROJECT MERCURY                                                               9

In September 1958, a joint NASA-ARPA Manned Satellite Panel was established, detailed studies by staff of the three military services, and the advice and assistance of the military services, formulated specific plans for a program of research leading to manned space flight. The specific plans derived by the Manned Satellite Panel were presented to the Director of the Air Force Research and Development Command, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and to the Department of Defense for coordination.

In January 1959, the McDonnell Aircraft Corp. was selected as the prime contractor. The selection was based on an industry-wide competition; 12 firms submitted proposals based on NASA specifications for the satellite capsule. After a thorough evaluation of these proposals, the contract was awarded to McDonnell.

The compressed time-phasing of the project, between contract and first launching, required exceptional coordination, design, manufacture, and development efforts. While the McDonnell Aircraft Corp. was implementing the initial design phases of the Project Mercury spacecraft, a parallel research and development program was being carried out. The program included such as dynamic investigations of the impact of abort conditions on the structure of the capsule.

Following these investigations, a flight program was initiated to develop and qualify the various components of the capsule. This included test flights of scale models which full-scale capsule would be fired by means of a Moyhawk-E-24 rocket to simulate operational recovery conditions. The test vehicles were used to develop a highly reliable parachute system and other tests, vehicles were released from fighter aircraft at supersonic speeds to develop the escape system. The escape system was perfected by launching full-scale capsules with the ablative heat shield for land and water recovery. A solid propellent rocket booster, designed and fabricated especially for Project Mercury, was used to provide the necessary lift-off thrust.

- page 57 -

The image contains two maps or diagrams. The top diagram is titled "FLIGHT CONTROL & RECOVERY AREAS" and shows various locations in the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean region that are likely associated with flight control and recovery operations. The bottom diagram is titled "ORBITAL PLOTS" and shows the tracking and maneuvering areas for a launch, with a large black circular shape in the center.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
FLIGHT CONTROL & RECOVERY AREAS
ORBITAL PLOTS
FIRING OF RETROROEKET START OF MANEUVERING 
TRACKING STATION 700 NAUT Ml RANGE
LANDING AREA
EDWARDS AFB
MANEUVERING AREA

- page 58 -

The image shows a photograph of various inflatable structures, including what is described as a "solar collector". The text below the image provides a detailed description of the solar collector, explaining how it is collapsed into a small package, inflated in space, and how it functions to collect energy from the sun. The text mentions the solar collector's ability to generate electrical energy, and provides some technical specifications about its performance.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
I mentioned there was one last type of structure that you might be interested in. That is one that we might want to have as a very large structure, but it doesn't have to have a high load-carrying ability, such as for instance a solar collector. Figure 27 illustrates here a typical SOLAR COLLECTOR
It is collapsed in a small package. We put it in space. We inflate it and sterilized it so when it is punctured by micro-meteorites it doesn't leak. I will show you a movie on the inflated structure and how it can be done at her.
(Movie shown of foaming in attitude chamber.)
Dr. Ross: This is an attitude chamber. This is a body that is inflated here. The solar concentrator is the portion on the end. This is a large area, it will collect solar rays. This is a inflated structure, a high temperature will be built off of the part we don't need. The Sun's rays can strike the mirror and be collected and with an energy converter would change it into electrical energy.
This is an example of a typical unit that you can see how it concentrates the energy. This is found to be concentrated about 3,500 points on it. We have come within 95 percent of what would be theoretically possible.

- page 59 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a technical document discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space". The text in the document discusses the potential for creating large, reliable inflatable structures for use in space applications, and outlines a research and development plan related to this concept.

The text in the document is as follows:

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
It looks like this system could go into extremely large structures and make them into a reliable dimension that can do a job for us in space. This inflation of the structure is good application of thin films and full and can also show good results.
(Four foot diameter collector model displayed.)
Dr. Ross: This was a little inflatable and rigilized in space. I think this gives us an idea of the things we can do. If we go back to the slides, I will show you what we are basically doing.
Figure 28 shows that in order to use this material you have to consider every thing from the basic material and conditions all the way down through to the actual application. Each one of these things as I mentioned has to be designed. You can't just take a piece of material off the shelf. You have to design each of the structures for the specific application.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PLAN
BASE MATERIAL COATINGS
INTEGRATION OF BASE MATERIAL WITH GAS BARRIER COATING
DETAILED ESTABLISHMENT OF SPACE ENVIRONMENT CONDITIONS
EFFECT OF SPECIFIC ENVIRONMENT ON BASE MATERIAL AND COMPOSITE STRUCTURAL PRODUCT
FABRICATION AND MANUFACTURING TECHNIQUES FOR SPECIFIC MATERIALS AND APPLICATIONS
QUALIFICATION TESTS
INFLATION METHODS
DEPLOYMENT
ASSEMBLY AND STATION EXPANSION AND IN-SPACE REPAIR

Figures 29 and 30 show that in-house we are defining three areas, those having to do with mathematics, aeronotics and the third area, which is the rigidizing, once the thin films have been cemented into theories and hard structures. The thing that is different about this and hard structures, is that we know have to develop equations and consider some things that we didn't have in conventional hard structures.
In a hard structure, once it is deflected beyond a certain point, you can go back to the original configuration. We have to set up some new formulas and things that we can use.

- page 60 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a technical document discussing a "GAC DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM" related to "INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE". The document outlines various areas of research under the "Environmental Material" and "Design Theory" sections of the program.

GAC DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM
A. ENVIRONMENTAL MATERIAL
ASTRONAUTICS
LITERATURE SURVEY-EFFECTS OF SPACE ENVIRONMENT ON MATERIAL 
TEST PROGRAM - HIGH VACUUM, ULTRAVIOLET, AND TEMPERATURE EFFECTS ON SELECTED MATERIALS
AERONAUTICS
RE-ENTRY - ADVANCE DEVELOPMENT OF PRESENT MATERIALS AND COATINGS
LIGHTWEIGHT MATERIALS - CLOTH-FILM FABRIC DEVELOPMENT, POLYURETHANE ELASTOMER DEVELOPMENT

B. DESIGN THEORY
INITIAL BUCKLING
STRESS, STRAIN, AND CREEP (CORD-TYPE FABRICS)
POST BUCKLING
STRUCTURAL DAMPING FACTOR
EMPIRICAL FACTORS AND PROOF OF THEORY

- page 61 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image contains text discussing "INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE" and includes a section on "STRESS-STRAIN EQUATIONS" that provides formulae for isotropic and orthotropic materials.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
A typical example, Figure 31 shows some of the formulas that you find in use in sheet metals. You see the constants that you normally have in some of them change to variables in the new formulas. They change the material that we can use accordingly. 

STRESS-STRAIN EQUATIONS
ISOTROPIC (METAL SHEET, FILM, FOIL, etc.)
ϵx = 1/E (σx - μσy)
ϵy = 1/E (σy - μσx)
γxy = τxy/G

ORTHOTROPIC (FABRICS)
ϵx = 1/Ex (σx - μxySy)
ϵy = 1/Ey (σy - μyxσx)
γxy = τxy/Gxy

- page 62 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document related to "Inflatable Structures in Space" and discusses the "Properties of Fabrics".

The text in the document says:

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
PROPERTIES OF FABRICS
METAL STRAIN
FABRIC STRAIN
LOG TIME
The Chairman: One question was asked about the cost. It is probably too early, isn't it, to tell you just what the cost of the inflatable fabric structures are. That's right, isn't it, Chairman? Yes, it is pretty difficult to pin out exactly the cost of all of these things.
However, I think it is very evident that when you make a structure like this, we have to fully insure on the ground, we don't have a lot of options to be much lower than making similar types of metal structures. Also, these are a lot of things that can do with structures such as this that can't be done with metal structures. I think we come out and maybe it is quite a difficult thing to do at this time, because all of them involve, that none of which none of that would be quite a difficult thing to do.
We are very certain that the costs of schedules like this will be much lower than comparable metal vehicles.
The Chairman: Thank you very much.
Mr. Richardson: Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the opportunity to come back and share some information. It is subject that are going to hear more of in the space effort of our country.

- page 63 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space".

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
53

The Chairman. Without objection, we will place in the record at this point the resumes of Chairman Richard T. Lewie of the Goodyear Aircraft Corp. and the biographies of Mr. Richardson and his staff. If there is no further business, the committee will adjourn, subject to call.

(The biographies and statement referred to are as follows:)

R. W. BRAZANSON

GOODYEAR AIRCRAFT CORP., AKRON, OHIO

Robert W. Richardson, Vice President - General Manager, Aircraft Corp. since November 1954, was first associated with the Goodyear organization in 1934 as a student engineer. He was appointed to the position of Goodyear tire & Rubber Co. salesman in May 1937. ... [BIOGRAPHY CONTINUES]

R. S. ROSS

GOODYEAR AIRCRAFT CORP., AKRON, OHIO

Robert S. Ross is currently Manager, Advanced Materials Research and Development, Aerodynamics Department, Goodyear Aircraft Corp. He joined Goodyear in July, 1940, and is responsible for all aeromechanics projects of a research and development nature undertaken by Goodyear. [BIOGRAPHY CONTINUES]

Previous to his position at Goodyear Aircraft, Dr. Ross was Technical Director of the Aeronautical Research Institute Division. He also taught night courses in the field of Technology, as Special Lecturer. [BIOGRAPHY CONTINUES]

- page 64 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing text.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

He holds a professional engineers license in Ohio, is a licensed pilot, has authored many technical articles and holds several patents in the aeronautical field. He is married to the former Ruth L. Butler and they reside at 4570 Hilliard. 

R. T. MADDEN
GOODYEAR AIRCRAFT CORP., AKRON, OHIO

Robert T. Madden, engineer of astronautics at Goodyear Aircraft Corp., is responsible for programs concerning space and re-entry vehicles. Recovery equipment, structural design for space application, as well as other Madden joined Goodyear Aircraft in 1952 as an Engineering Specialist in the stress Analysis Section. His work has included the design and analysis of inflatable and re-entry vehicles for more than 10 years with the company. He has authored many articles and papers for publication and has taken an active part in the aircraft industry as a consultant and professional engineer. He also maintains an active interest in space programs and applications oriented toward this area. Madden holds a Bachelor of Aeronautical Engineering degree from the University of Cincinnati. He has continued his professional development and is currently a member of the American Rocket Society. Madden resides with his wife, the former Barbara Marie Garlough, in Hudson, Ohio.

SUMMARY PRESENTATION ON EXPANDABLE STRUCTURES
By
GOODYEAR AIRCRAFT CORP., AKRON, OHIO

The ability of lightweight, inflatable structures to meet considerations of space and re-entry flight applications is broadly identified as expandable structures. This presentation covering the selection and pertinent parameters related to the anticipated operational environment. This ability to create lightweight structures when combined with the requirements for ultra-light weight construction techniques for vehicles and components to be used in space travel. 

Although expandable structures have been considered for many types of undersea and longstanding uses, active vehicle applications can be classified in three primary areas:

I. High strength expandable structures for use in orbital and space vehicles.
II. Low strength expandable structures for use in manned and unmanned re-entry vehicles.
III. Inflatable structures with possible foam rigidization for use in manned and unmanned recovery vehicles and so forth.

In each application for expandable structures, the vehicle remains folded on the launch pad and is deployed to the desired configuration in space or at reentry attitude.

As noted above, in some application, after re-entry, the shape may be maintained to produce re-entry vehicle trim or by "stiffening" or weaving the fabric structure in the desired final configuration. It is possible to produce retracting and deploying structures by varying the size or shape of structure is the ability to assemble and inspect the entire configuration in the fabrication area before the unit is delivered to the launch site.

- page 65 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space". The text on the page talks about the development of various inflatable structures for use in space, including spheres, cylinders, and other shapes. It discusses the advantages and challenges of using these inflatable structures, such as their ability to be packaged efficiently for transport, their potential to be used for a variety of functions, and the need to ensure they can withstand the rigors of the space environment.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE
deflated and packaged into a canister for efficient handling as a ground trans-
port. Typical such structures are spheres, ellipsoids, parabaloids, cylinders, and other bodies
of revolution. The solution lies in designing structures which will maintain their
desired shape under the stresses encountered in space. These structures may assume
deflated or partially inflated shapes during launch but they are inflated to their full
dimensions when required for operational use. If properly designed, the inflatable
structure has proved to be a highly successful solution from the process of expanding
and stowing such structures as the two halves of these structures meet together
this technique. It is possible to create almost any desired shape in
the form of an approximately spherical structure. During development, considerable
attention must be given to achieving an optimum geometric shape that will withstand
the loading forces and stresses which result in structures capable of withstanding the heating of
re-entry environment.
inflatable structures are a logical choice for large-volume space payloads. The concept
in the development of boosters which are mechanically impossible to carry
such payloads. Methods of inflating these structures are now under development.
A review of airship capabilities for handling large missile boosters indicates this this technique is not applicable to the handling of large missile boosters.
The airship's ability to operate from extremely small areas and to travel
at some of the speeds found in modern airships is of practical interest for certain
non-inflatable types of space structures. However, it is possible to utilize airships for performing mobility function of an
associated inflatable structure.
The need for developing a lightweight structure of high structural integrity
expanding that would utilize the potentialities of inflation techniques offers
exploitation of the ability of these structures to be packaged compactly.
Here it is necessary to provide a large volume in the space environment while
the weight of the entire structure with an inflating mechanism will determine the weight
of the overall vehicle. As the overall dimensions of the inflated structure permits the utilization of current boosters to place a manned space station and
re-occupy vehicles, the possibilities of such structures must be fully explored.
will move at will from his recovery vehicle into the station and back again. This
arrangement eliminates the need for personnel transfer between the two vehicles
after performing a mission in space, the man would utilize his re-entry capsule
to return to Earth, leaving the inflated structure in orbit. Possibilities of structures
within structurally sound as in the design of a reusable inflating and re-entry
expandable forms type space station which would permit the performance of a
series of missions under controlled environment.
Methods for constructing the expandable portions of the space station are now
being explored by research and development groups. An example of this inflatable
litter type structure which have been investigated as re-entry vehicles, both for
landing on the ground and for the lifting type which would permit a controlled
entry into the atmosphere and touchdown. Research on expandable and inflatable
structures of various types is now generating extensive development programs, generally
known as Ballute which utilizes a large lightweight inflated balloon for developing
the drag forces needed for stabilization and deceleration. This concept of developing
structures from the basic principles of inflation techniques has resulted in the high
speeds of March 5.5 and programs are now underway which will evaluate its use at
sub-sonic speeds for landing.
The possibility of lifting type re-entry vehicles utilizing expandable structures
is now being investigated and it appears that the installation of this principle will
in time enable the manned space station to enter the earth's atmosphere at very
high concentrations and maneuver to a predetermined landing site.
This type of reentry vehicle would encounter the high temperature re-

- page 66 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing "Inflatable Structures in Space". The text describes issues with inflatable structures for vehicles in space, investigations into the problem, and considerations for power systems and other technical aspects of inflatable structures in space applications.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

Guided by conventional designs, progress in providing decreased problem areas in all the vehicle's subsystems. Investigations are now being made of the feasibility of utilizing these less conventional methods and suggesting cures. 
Vehicles which can operate from existing hangars - typical re-entry vehicles - is now with consideration being given to the utilization of inflatable structures for lifting cylindrical structures recentery vehicles which can operate from existing hangers.
The requirement for power systems in space with consideration of the Sun has a number of factors. Research has shown the necessity of a large sunlight sensitive surface.
These structures for space application require a large sunlight sensitive surface to concentrate the Sun's energy into an absorber sufficient to make collections of high pad and expanded in space - a means has already been developed for rigidizing these structures so that they can be compacted to a small package and re-expanded in space. These structures are extremely light in weight.
This type of structure lends itself ideally to all types of large space assembly and re-entry vehicles. It is shown in an attached photograph.
The use of lightweight structures for space applications requires fundamental studies and a large technology program which is planned by NASA and the Air Force. However, engineering feasibility studies and tests indicate that these large structures can be developed with relatively minimum effort and the application of this technology new should not only provide space capability but in the near future will have additional uses.

(Whereupon, at 12:10 P.M., the committee adjourned, to meet again on Tuesday, May 23, 1961 on another subject.)

- page 67 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Mercury, which was part of the United States' early human spaceflight program.

The text reads as follows:

PROJECT MERCURY

The validity of the Mercury design concept was demonstrated in the full of this capsule, during an atmospheric test flight. This flight was directed toward simulating the conditions that the Earth-orbiting Mercury capsule would encounter after being accelerated to nearly orbital speed. The Big Joe capsule, which survived the aerodynamic test of recovery, was later recovered many hundreds of miles from Cape Canaveral.

To date more than 100 individual tests of the Mercury capsule systems have been conducted from airplanes in the parachute development program. The escape system tests for the capsule vehicle tested four times in simulated escapes of the pad abort maneuvers, and seven more escape system tests were performed in connection with the Redstone and Atlas flights when booster performance was abnormal. Many of these tested specifically served to increase the confidence in the Mercury escape system.

Small monkeys were flown in a Redstone flight to exercise the life-support system and gain further information on the effects of space flight. These capsules simulate the shape and weight of the Mercury capsule and subsystems that will be required for manned operation. Boilerplate capsules have been used effectively in research and development effort, the design of which considered the requirements of the Mercury Redstone and Atlas launch vehicles. Continuing cooperation between NASA and the military services has been required to assure "compatibility" between the Mercury capsules and the launch vehicles.

Four Atlas flights have been launched. Two of these flights provided verification that capsule recovery operations was sufficient for the most severe reentry heating conditions. Although the remaining two flights did not achieve the planned objectives, capsule performance on these flights was fully satisfactory, and the spacecraft escape system was successfully demonstrated on one flight, and the spacecraft escape system was successfully demonstrated.

Four Mercury-Redstone boosters were successfully launched. Three of the flights involved production spacecraft and one was a booster development test with a dummy spacecraft. Astronaut Alan Shepard flew the first manned Mercury-Redstone mission.

- page 68 -

Unfortunately, there does not appear to be any photograph present in the image provided. The image shows a page from what seems to be a Project Blue Book report, containing information about the Committee on Science and Astronautics and its members.

Here is the text that can be extracted from the document:

COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE AND ASTRONAUTICS
OVERTON BROOKS, Louisiana, Chairman
JOHN W. McCORMACK, Massachusetts
GEORGE P. MILLER, California
CHET HOLIFIELD, California
EMILIO Q. DADDARIO, Connecticut
WALTER H. MOELLER, Ohio
JAMES M. QUIGLEY, Pennsylvania
DAVID M. HALL, North Carolina
LEONARD G. WOLF, Iowa
JOSEPH E. KARTH, Minnesota
WALTER ROGERS, Texas
EMILIO Q. DADDARIO, Connecticut
WALTER E. MOELLER, Ohio
DAVID S. KING, Utah
J. EDWARD ROUSH, Indiana

CHARLES F. DUCANDER, Executive Director and Chief Counsel
DR. CHARLES S. SHELDON II, Technical Director
SPENCER M. BERESFORD, Special Counsel
PHILIP E. YEAGER, Special Consultant
BARNEY S. BOGAN, JR., Staff Consultant
JOHN A. CARSTARPHEN, JR., Counsel
RICHARD P. HINES, Staff Consultant
LE CLAIR PAUL L. JOHNPETER, Staff Consultant
RAYMOND WILLCOX, Staff Consultant

The Committee on Science and Astronautics, House of Representatives, is for the advanced research projects in the Defense Department. The Committee is to see that this Nation has a defense research and engineering program superior to that of any other nation. The Committee is also reviewing the programs and contracts of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Defense, with a view to improving the programs and keeping the Committee informed of the activities of the Department of Defense. The job of the Office of the Secretary of Defense is to see that the development programs the most promising development programs are permitted to go into costly production phase.

To conduct the review of the research, development, test and engineering programs, this review is a staff of professional personnel who have engineering and scientific background. In addition to reviewing the program data thus submitted their respective numbers in the military departments who know the most about specific programs and projects; they make visits to military installations such as test ranges, proving grounds and laboratories to observe the work going on at first-hand and also visit the plants of private concerns who are performing research and engineering work for the DOD.

- page 69 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a technical report or document, likely related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

The Air Force is the largest and includes such additional items as systems for weather forecasting and certain medical studies; operations and logistics studies conducted by R&D, and the technical information exchange represented by AFCIA. The advanced research work of ARDC and the fundamental research and testing programs of USAF are also included under this activity. USDA research because atomic weapon support agencies and the gross nuclear weapons tests and the weapons effects experiments.

R&D research and engineering effort is closely coordinated with the other research programs of the Federal government activities. The research is directed both to the defense forces and atomic energy communities. The effort is concentrated on all problems of fundamental research and technology, engineering, and testing concerned with application of atomic energy to military uses.

There is a constant liaison and coordination with the Department of State in the mutual working relationship with the Department of State, OSAF, ARDC, activities. There is a close working relationship with the Federal Aviation Agency on research and development pertaining to air navigation.

There is a close coordination between the medical research programs of the Department of Defense and the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare.

The Department of Defense is interested in the Maritime Administration programs of transportation logistics including ocean-research. Almost all areas of basic research conducted by the National Science Foundation are of interest to the Department of Defense and the Department of Defense has participated in many studies and programs conducted by the National Science Foundation, including of course, the information oceanography, for example.

There are other Government agencies doing or sponsoring work which relates in varying degrees to the defense efforts. Private industry is also spending increased sums for research and engineering in many fields where the results can be used for military as well as for civilian purposes.

- page 70 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to the U.S. Congress and its committees.

U.S. Congress - Committees of the House
Standing Committees of the House

Government Operations

William L. Dawson, of Illinois
Clare E. Hoffman, of Michigan
John W. McCormack, of Mass.
Donald W. Brooks, of Texas
L. H. Fountain, of North Carolina
Porter Hardy, Jr., of Virginia
John A. Blatnik, of Minnesota
Robert E. Jones, of Alabama
John E. Moss, of California
Joe M. Kilgore, of Texas
Dante B. Fascell, of Florida
Martha W. Griffiths, of Michigan
Henry S. Reuss, of Wisconsin
Overton Brooks, of Louisiana
Elizabeth Kee, of West Virginia
Kathryn E. (Mrs. William T.) Granahan, of Penn.
Neal Smith, of Iowa

Christine Ray Davis, Staff Director

The work of preparing and considering legislation is done largely by committees of both Houses of Congress. The personnel of the Standing Committees of each House is chosen by a vote of the entire body. All bills and resolutions are referred to the appropriate committees, which may report a bill out in its original form, vote against it, or make changes. Legislation to die in committee is excluded from further consideration.
U.S. Government Organization Manual, 1960-1961.

- page 71 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document that provides biographical information about an individual named Overton Brooks, who was a Democrat from Shreveport, Louisiana.

Here is the text from the document:

OVERTON BROOKS - Democrat, Shreveport, Louisiana. Born in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, 21 December 1897; son of Claude H. Brooks: deceased; and Mrs Penelope (Overton) Brooks; living; has four sisters and one brother. Married Miss Coralie Dehovitz on 1 June 1926 and they have one daughter. 

Education - Attended public schools of East Baton Rouge Parish, completing the 4-year high school course in 3-1/2 years. Entered Louisiana State University, taking the arts and science course; left the University to enlist in the 1st Division United States Army, 1 July 1918. Returned to Louisiana State University and graduated in 1925 with honors 3 months early, receiving the bachelor of laws degree. Has LL.B degree and lacks one hour credit for masters degree.

Law Practice - Admitted to practice law before State Supreme Court and began practice at Shreveport, Louisiana 1925. Became United States Commissioner on 1 September 1925 and as such served for 10 years. Delegate to National Democratic Convention in Chicago, Illinois in 1940 and 1944 and Los Angeles, California in 1948.

Military Service - Enlisted in the 1st Division, United States Army in July 1918 and was honorably discharged on 1 September 1919. Served in France, Belgium

Organization Membership - Member Episcopal Church; is a 32d degree Mason, Shriner; member of Elks, American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, Louisiana Farm Bureau Federation, Shreveport Bar Association, Louisiana Bar Association, Kiwanis Club, and Rotary and Lions Organizations.

Committees - President of National Rivers and Harbors Congress for 5 years and now chairman of the board of this organization. Member of Government Operations Council in January 1959 was made Chairman of Major House Committee on Science and Astronautics and was reappointed to this chairmanship in 1961.  

Adresses - Home - 614 Linden Street
Office - Federal Building, Shreveport La.

- page 72 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a biographical information page from a document.

Kerth, Joseph Edward,
Born: August 26, 1922 in New Brighton, Minnesota.
Educated in Ramsey County elementary schools and North St. Paul High School. Attended the University of Minnesota - School of Engineering for 2 years of college courses in engineering - education was interrupted by a call to Combat Duty. Served in E. T. O. - received a recommendation for a Battlefield Commission.
Employed by Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Co.: International Representative of the OCAW-AFL-CIO for 10 years. Member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1950 to 1956, and during the session of 1956 - 1958, "Ousted" from Congress due to the McCarthy era.
Military Experience: Listed Above.
Organizations
V. F. W.
American Legion
Assistant Scoutmaster of the Boy Scouts
First Presbyterian Church - White Bear Lake, Minnesota Married the former Charlotte Nagelsen and they have two sons.
Party: Democrat in Congress and Democrat-Farmer-Labor in Minnesota.
Congressional Committees:
Committee of the House: Science and Astronautics: Member
Home Address: 2334 East County Road, St. Paul 9, Minnesota
Office: House Office Building, Washington 25, D. C.

- page 73 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a biographical document or profile for John W. McCormack. As an OCR system, I will output the textual information found in the document:

McCormack, John W.
Born: December 21, 1891 in Boston, Mass. the son of Joseph H and Mary E. (O'Brien) McCormack. Married M. Harriet Jayce in 1920.
Educated in the Public Schools, Admitted to Bar in 1913 and is a member of the law firm of McCormack and Hardy.
Mass. Constitutional Convention: 1917-1918
Mass. House of Representatives: 1920-1922. 
Mass. State Senate: 1923-1926 (Democratic Leader)
U.S. Congress-House of Representatives: 70th Congress - from the 12th Mass. District. (Majority Leader)
Military experience: None
Organizations:
South Boston Citizens Association
Knights of Columbus
Elks
Moose
Catholic Order of Foresters
Ancient Order of Hibernians
Democratic Party, concerned by Boston University and Holy Cross College and Villanova College; Tufts College, Catholic University of America and many others.
Honors: Knight of Malta, First Class; Peace Medal of the 3rd order of St. Francis; Knight Commander, Order of St. Gregory the Great with Star; Legion of Honor, Republic of the Philippines.
Congressional Committees: 
Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial Commission (Created by Public Law 372, 84th Congress)
Committee of the House on Government Operations: Member
Officers of the House: Office of Majority Leader - Floor Leader: John W. McCormack
Home Address:
726 Columbia Road, Boston, Massachusetts
Office: Post Office Building, Boston, Mass

- page 74 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document discussing the implementation of the Project Mercury program, which was part of the US space program to send astronauts into space. The text provides details about the network of tracking and data acquisition stations, the recovery process, testing methods, and the selection of seven Mercury astronauts. The document also mentions the use of simulators and the participation of the military services and the Public Health Service in the recovery and post-recovery activities.

PROJECT MERCURY
The implementation of the essential phases of Project Mercury will require the use of a global network of tracking and data acquisition stations. A total of 16 such stations will be required at the following locations: Cape Canaveral; Grand Bahamas; Grand Turk Island; Ascension Island; Coastal Guiana; Trinidad; Kwajalein; Canton Island; Hawaii; southern California; Eniwetok; Australia; Canton Island; Hawaii; southern California; Eniwetok.
In July 1959, the Western Electric Co. was selected as the contractor to construct and install the equipment at the Mercury network stations. The sites had, previously, been constructed and construction at all sites is complete. Nine of the network stations and the two network ships will be maintained and operated by the Department of Defense and its contractors. Capsule recovery will be effected by the U.S. Navy. Recovery patterns, realistic tests of these methods, were achieved during the successful Project Shakedown and Atlas tests.
Early in 1959, the seven Mercury astronauts were selected. Since then, they have successfully completed an intensive training program, which has now progressed to the point where the men are ready for the first planned ballistic flight. This training program employed simulators, in addition to facilities of the military services. NASA and Public Health Service. During this training, monitoring of the flight physician's evaluations disclosed the excellent physical condition of the astronauts.
Project Mercury is a continuing program of concurrent efforts in research, development, engineering testing, and training, all aimed at the focal point of successful manned orbital flight objectives. This program is being pursued with the greatest speed that can be applied to scientific research and development, in order to capitalize on the capacity and interest generated within the current environment. The next step in the manned space flight program, before future programs can proceed very far downrange, must await the results about man's capability in space and about the general technology of manned space flight. This decision is an important one to do the Project Mercury right.
Project Mercury has been endorsed by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and supported by the President as a program of top national priority. Consequently, it carries a 1X priority rating. But, in priority alone, does not assure that a project will move forward at a given rate or with a given set of resources. Great forward strides have been made, and are continuing on Project Mercury, both at the McDonnell plant and at Cape Canaveral, is proceeding at a pace almost unprecedented even in the fast-moving electronics industry.

- page 75 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Mercury report document.

PROJECT MERCURY
All members of the Mercury team, be they in USAF, in DOD, or in private industry, are making every effort to meet the goals established for them.
It must be recognized, however, that Project Mercury is a research and development program, and that this does not lead itself to the firm type of scheduling that can be maintained on a typical production item. Thus, instead, it is only possible to establish target dates with the understanding that these dates are a goal of knowledge is gained.
In Project Mercury, target dates have been established for every facet of the operation. These include target dates for deliveries of parts, components, assemblies, systems, and complete capsules; target dates for capsule environmental tests and pad tests; and target launch periods for all flight tests. As is always the case in a complex research and development program, some of these target dates have been met ahead of schedule, others on schedule, some behind schedule.
Yet, there is always sufficient flexibility in this type of program to allow for some adjustment of schedules. For example, if a certain subsystem evaluation is particularly time-consuming, the impact on the overall program can be minimized if the tests concerned with that subsystem can be slipped without affecting the target date for the systems flight test is missed, other tests might proceed ahead of schedule.
Perhaps the most important target date in the overall Mercury schedule is that for the achievement of manned orbital flight. This was applied that this mission could be accomplished sometime during 1961. It appears recounsered during the flight qualification program, it is likely that this target date will be met.

GENERAL DESCRIPTION
The Mercury program consists of a number of phases, the culminating phase being manned orbital flight for a period of 3-4 hours. Prior to this manned orbital flight, certain phases of the program must be pursued. The design phase of the program was largely completed during 1959; however, as a result of the continuing research and development program, many design refinements and design changes have been made in the basic configuration. The present part of the research and development phase will be completed and the remaining phases of the program will be achieved during 1960. The culmination of this event will be preceded by additional manned ballistic flights, using the Atlas launch vehicle. Let us now examine the mission currently planned for Bermuda. The capsule will be injected into a ballistic trajectory as shown in figure 1. The launch will take place at Cape Canaveral, Fla., and will be in a northeasterly direction towards the island of Bermuda. Initial flight path inclinations and, before the vehicle is over Bermuda, the flight path will be almost vertical; as the velocity increases, however, the flight path inclination will be traveling parallel to the surface of the Earth at orbital velocity.

- page 76 -

The image shows an Atlas launch vehicle with a development capsule. The image is labeled "Figure 1. - Atlas launch vehicle with development capsule."

PROJECT MERCURY
13
FIGURE 1. - Atlas launch vehicle with development capsule.

- page 77 -

The image contains a photograph of a document titled "PROJECT MERCURY SECOND INTERIM REPORT". The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT MERCURY
SECOND INTERIM REPORT
STAFF STUDY
OF THE 
COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE AND ASTRONAUTICS
U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
EIGHTY-SEVENTH CONGRESS
FIRST SESSION
[Serial 4]
MAY 26, 1961

Printed for the use of the Committee on Science and Astronautics
U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE
WASHINGTON : 1961

- page 78 -

Based on the provided image, there does not appear to be any photograph or image present. The image appears to be a page from a document or report, containing only text.

Transcribed text from the document:

PROJECT MERCURY
At this point the manned capsule, or space craft, will be ejected from the launched booster vehicle. This vehicle will be traveling at a velocity of approximately 17,500 miles per hour and will then rotate the capsule to orient it in the desired direction in space. This is will be the final single-stage fire involved and with the necessary - feet pointing toward Earth. The manned spacecraft will then continue to fall toward the earth's atmosphere, descending from an altitude of approximately 215 miles and is traveling overhead between the islands of Hawaii and the California coast. A retrograde rocket will be fired to slow the capsule slightly below orbital velocity. This deceleration from an orbital velocity of approximately 17,500 miles per hour, will cause the capsule to descend into the earth's atmosphere.
As the capsule reenters the atmosphere, dynamic drag forces in the atmosphere will rapidly slow the capsule further until it is at a subsonic velocity of approximately 350 miles per hour over the Atlantic Ocean not far from the island of Puerto Rico. At this point a small drogue parachute will be deployed: later, at a lower altitude, the main cargo parachute will take place and the capsule will be gently lowered to the surface of the ocean.
While the capsule is circling the Earth, near-continuous radio communication will be maintained with the ground. As the capsule is lowered to the ocean, location aides such as flashing lights, beacons, and dye marker will indicate the exact landing point. Upon impact with the water, the escape rocket system will be jettisoned and the maneuverable recovery raft will then home on the direction-finding signals. A recovery ship will then guide the maneuverable recovery vessels to the scene of capsule impact.
At this point, a normal mission has been considered, with the assumption of a manned aircraft with ejection seats and pilot parachutes, provision must be made to handle such emergencies as might occur will be considered. First, should the capsule fail to separate properly from the launch vehicle, an escape system, called an escape or abort system, is provided. This will be energized automatically or by ground control, or by emergency manual control, should an abort be necessary. It is apparent that the escape capsule will land in the planned recovery area. If the emergency should occur while the capsule is in the upper atmosphere the escape rocket system would land the capsule within a short distance of the planned impact point. Should an emergency condition occur fairly early in the flight, while the vehicle is well below orbital velocity, the flight will be covered with aircraft and surface vessels for possible emergency recovery.

- page 79 -

The image shows a photograph of a Mercury capsule with an escape tower. The capsule is situated on a platform and appears to be in an indoor facility with a framework structure visible in the background.

PROJECT MERCURY
15
FIGURE 2. - Mercury capsule with escape tower.

- page 80 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT MERCURY

under sudden velocity, the Earth's surface unless some corrective action is taken. Under such circumstances, the retrograde rockets of the capsule will be utilized to control the emergency landing point to within one of recovery areas in the Atlantic Ocean. These recovery areas will be thoroughly patrolled by aircraft and surface vessels. Recovery forces will also be provided within the landing areas.

Within the time period of Project Mercury activities, it is apparent that the reliability of large liquid rockets, such as the Atlas, cannot approach that of conventional aircraft systems. Hence, a major effort is going into the development and qualification of the emergency abort system.

THE MERCURY MANNED CAPSULE SYSTEM

A detailed description of the Mercury capsule or spacecraft and associated systems is presented in MEMO Report No. 12-59, published in January 1960. Hence, a brief description of each system will be presented in this report: in addition, recent developments and their particular implications will be discussed.

In considering the status of the capsule and its systems, it is important to remember the experience that has been gained on which the Mercury capsule development has proceeded. Concurrent design, development, and production have been undertaken in order to make the most rapid progress possible. Under such conditions, it was inevitable that certain deficiencies would be encountered and adjustments in design and development programs would be necessary. The most sophisticated of theoretical analyses and simulation designs had to be proved out and modified, wherever necessary.

The heat of reentry will be dissipated by a large rounded heat shield. Early retrograde-launched Mercury flights will utilize a beryl lum heat sink for this heat shield, whereas later orbital flights will use an ablation heat shield pattern.

As written, the heat sink approach was within the state of the art, while there was no extensive experience, the ablation approach was in the developmental state.

- page 81 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be text-based and describes details about Project Mercury, including information about the design of the Mercury capsule, ablation materials used during reentry, and the impact attenuation skirt that was part of the capsule's design.

Project Mercury
17

The decision was made, therefore, to design the Mercury capsule so that it could survive reentry without an ablation heat shield. The ablation heat sink could be fitted at a later date, with an ablation heat shield.

The attenuation skirt used these flotation bags as a convenience. If ablation techniques were found to be applicable to satellite reentry, the Mercury capsule could use the same type of ablation system; if not, it could change, accept a beryllium heat sink. As a result of the Big Joe development, high tests for separation analysis and subsequent analysis of results, a firm decision to go ahead with the use of an ablation heat shield was reached. The recovered Big Joe test item, including the forward heat sinks, were designated for use in Redstone ballistic flights.

The Big Joe flight test data show was specifically high affected heating under the most critical reentry conditions. Although undesirable conditions had been noticed on the attenuated heating problem, none had been able to duplicate fully the actual full-scale conditions and thus, it was found that the analysis might be higher than the actual full-scale conditions. The thickness of the external skin on the vehicle apparently has been increased, and the construction of the cylindrical part of the attenuated part of the affected area has been changed to beryllium plate in place of the formerly used fiberglass.

It was found that the impact load sustained during a landing on the ground, such as would occur in an off-the-pad abort, could exceed human tolerance limits under certain wind conditions. Therefore, the installation of a crushable structure was required on the MR-3 capsule to reduce this peak acceleration. This crushable structure takes the form of a collapsible skirt which is located between the heat shield and the ground structure. At the time of parachute deployment, the heat shield is disconnected from the capsule and suspended about 4 feet below the capsule. With the heat shield so suspended, the volume between the heat shield and the capsule structure is filled with a crushable material which acts as a pneumatic shock absorber. Some strengthening of the capsule lower bulk head structure was necessary to withstand the loads transmitted by the skirt upon landing impact. Strain measurements have indicated that the installation will be adequate to protect the human occupants.

The installation of the impact attenuation skirt allowed removal of four inflatable flotation bags which were located in the upper section of the capsule. These bags were to be inflated on impact and were not required with the improved shock absorber.

- page 82 -

The image contains several detailed photographs of the internal arrangement of a Mercury capsule, which was part of the Project Mercury program. The main image shows a cross-sectional diagram of the capsule's internal layout. The smaller images provide close-up views of specific components, including the overall capsule, the ablation shield, and the afterbody hook.

PROJECT MERCURY

CAPSULE INTERNAL ARRANGEMENT

Figure 3. - Mercury capsule internal arrangement.

Figure 4. - Detailed photographs of recovered Big Joe capsule.

- page 83 -

The image contains a photograph of a US Marine Corps helicopter hovering over a capsule floating in the water. The caption below the image reads "FIGURE 5. - AIR-3 capsule with extended impact bag."

Project Mercury
19

FIGURE 5. - AIR-3 capsule with extended impact bag.

- page 84 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a technical document related to Project Mercury, which was a NASA program focused on human spaceflight. The text describes details of the retrograde rocket system used in the Mercury capsule, as well as information about the escape system, parachutes, and other technical specifications.

PROJECT MERCURY

The retrograde rockets capsule from orbit is initiated by the firing of a retroflockset system which slows the capsule from orbital velocity to approximately 500 miles per hour. During initial veloCity, the reserve ignition system, so that almost reliability can be assured.
In an emergency any two of the three retrorockets would bring about reentry, although for expeditious recovery, all three are used.
Development of the retroroockets has been completed. During development of this system, 162 static firings of the 7 motors were fired under simulated space conditions at the U.S. Air Force Ballistic Missile Facility. Qualification tests of the retroroeket motors have also been completed.
The escape system mentioned previously, provision is made within the Mercury capsule system to accommodate the mission and escape from the danger of the launch vehicle failure. This is accomplished through the space of a booster cutoff. In order to provide rapid separation of the capsule from the launch vehicle, the escape rocket has a high level of thrust over a short period of time. Because of its location on the lower extremity of the capsule, the escape rocket motor is designed so that its exhaust flow does not impinge upon the capsule structure.
It is important that the magnitude and direction of the resultant thrust vector of the three nozzles be controlled to close limits and that the direction of motion be known precisely. In this way, the capsule can be separated cleanly from the launch vehicle and be made to have an escape maneuver, without setting up a tumbling notion.
Development and qualification tests for the escape motor have been completed. A total of 29 motor firings was performed during the development and qualification tests. In addition to tests performed by the manufacturer, one escape motor was vacuum-tested at the U.S. Air Force Ballistic Missile Facility. The complete operational cycle of booster separation and three-stage recovery operation was demonstrated, and two beach abort tests at Wallops Island were made, all successfully.
The Mercury capsule utilizes parachutes to achieve a safe descent and landing.
The drogue parachute has a 6-foot diameter, conic ribbon-type canopy with approximately 6,500-foot suspension lines, and is 30-foot diameter main parachute provides the final deceleration and displacement. The drogue parachute is packed in a protective bag and is ejected by a spring. This parachute provides a backup stabilization capability for the capsule in the event of failure of the reaction control and stabilization system, and also serves to slow the capsule to approximately 200 miles per hour before main parachute opening.
The main parachute is a 63-foot diameter ring-sail cargo-type parachute. Throughout the test program, this parachute has shown extremely favorable opening characteristics, as well as good stability.

- page 85 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "PROJECT MERCURY" which describes the landing system and environmental control system used in the Mercury spacecraft. The text on the page provides technical details about the various components and their functions during the spacecraft's flight and landing.

PROJECT MERCURY
21

After opening, The reserve parachute is identical to the main parachute. The reserve parachute is packed in the canister-type pilot parachute. The main and reserve parachutes are deployed independently by attitude sensing devices, however, and they should function automatically to provide the pilot with a redundant parachute.

The flight test program of the landing system was completed April 13, 1960. The final qualification program consisted of 25 drops of a boilerplate capsule, equipped with the landing system components.  Altitude drops were made from as high as 42,000 feet in order to simulate off-the-pad abort conditions.

Environmental control system:
The environmental control system shown schematically in figure 6 provides an acceptable atmosphere for the period of capsule occupancy. The system is designed to provide a suit ply of oxygen for 40 hours and to maintain proper temperature, oxygen partial pressure, gas composition, and humidity are maintained within very high pressures.

The weightless flight is used to dissipate the heat generated by electronic equipment and the astronaut. A activated charcoal and lithium hydroxide canister are included for the removal of carbon dioxide and water vapor.

The environmental control system has been completed. Manned test of the system were begun on June 29, 1960. These tests, under a simulated altitude of 40,000 feet, demonstrated the system operation in all modes including simulation of system failures. On July 25, 1960, maximum heat dissipation and pressure cycling test of the environmental control system were installed during spacecraft testing at ATIC II in October 1960.

These components operated very satisfactorily under the simulated fight conditions of the redstone launched.

Attitude control system:
The attitude control system must provide for automatic or manual attitude sensing and control of the capsule throughout the flight. Attitude sensing is accomplished through a combination of horizon scanners, sun sensors, and a gyro package which senses pitch, roll, and yaw planes is controlled by a reaction jet system which uses hydrogen peroxide. While in orbit, the control forces required are very small and a low thrust mode of operation can be used. During reentry, a high-level thrust is required. In order to produce this high level thrust a monopropellant hydrazine system has been installed. A third set of reaction jets, a periscope and window are used for visual attitude reference by the astronaut. A periscope and window are used for visual attitude reference by the astronaut. A third set of reaction jets, a horizon scanner, periscope, automatic stabilization and control system.

- page 86 -

The image provided appears to be a detailed diagram or schematic of the "PROJECT MERCURY ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL SYSTEM". The diagram shows a complex system of various components, valves, and flow paths, likely representing the environmental control systems used in the Project Mercury spacecraft. There is no human face or identifying human elements in this image.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

PROJECT MERCURY ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL SYSTEM
FIGURE 6.

- page 87 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document that describes the automatic reaction control system and the communication system used in the program.

PROJECT MERCURY 23

The automatic reaction control system uses solenoid valves for on-off control. The manual reaction control system utilizes small aircraft-type valves which are controlled by the pilot. During launch or spacecraft recovery, the system can be activated by either the pilot or solenoid valves.

A thorough evaluation program at the NASA Lewis Research Center was completed early in 1960. Since that time, the qualification tests of the reaction control systems and the associated equipment have been completed.

Body support and restraint

The production of individually fitted couch-type restraint harnesses for the astronaut during simulated acceleration and other stress conditions was required during 1959. Although experience with the body restraint harness indicated it was possible for the pilot to release the harness positively and obtain timely exit from the spacecraft, current thinking indicates that the pilot should be able to release the harness positively and obtain rapid egress only when necessary, but that the harness conditions should be monitored constantly during powered flight.

The original head restraint system has been modified to eliminate any shoulder or body movement which might injure the neck. Consequently, the configuration provided is adequate to prevent lateral motion and forward acceleration effects on the pilot.

The communications (onboard)

The Mercury communication system is designed to provide two-way voice communication, position tracking capability, and ground control of vital capsule events and postlanding search and recovery assistance.

The communication system is made up of the following equipment:
(1) Two S-band antennas: This unit is designed to provide two-way voice communication for the entire mission, including communications for direction finding efforts and main parachute deployment.
(2) A UHF voice transmitter-receiver which provides the normal voice communications, one-way or two-way, selected by the astronaut.
(3) A VHF voice transmitter-receiver. This unit is designed to provide extended range for two-way voice communications, backup for the HF range-line-of-sight range.
(4) A 3.5 watt BE voice transmitter-receiver. This unit is designed to provide short range for two-way voice communications, for normal use when within line-of-sight range.
(5) A 2.5-watt telemetry receiver (high frequency). This unit is designed to provide for biological and physical data transmission in the event of complete voice-communication failure.
(6) A tape recorder: verification of events transmitted to or programmed within the capsule; and emergency telegraph transmission in the event of complete voice-communication failure.

- page 88 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a list of names and titles of the Committee on Science and Astronautics, including GEORGE P. MILLER, Chairman, and other members such as JOHN W. McCORMACK, Executive Director and Chief Counsel, Dr. CHARLES F. SHELDON II, Technical Director, and various other officials and staff.

Here is the text of the document:

COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE AND ASTRONAUTICS
GEORGE P. MILLER, Chairman, Louisiana
OVERTON BROOKS, Louisiana
JOSEPH W. MARTIN, JR., Massachusetts
OLIN E. TEAGUE, Texas
JAMES G. FULTON, Pennsylvania
VICTOR L. ANFUSO, New York
EMILIO Q. DADDARIO, Connecticut
KEN HECHLER, West Virginia
BAILIO O. LAMAR, Connecticut
DAVID S. KING, Utah
HOWARD W. ROBISON, New York
EDWARD R. FINCH, New York
CHARLES A. MOSHER, Ohio
RICHARD L. ROUDEBUSH, Indiana
WILLIAM J. RANDALL, Missouri
JOHN F. BALDWIN, JR., California
JOHN W. McCORMACK, Executive Director and Chief Counsel
Dr. CHARLES F. SHELDON II, Technical Director
EUGENE M. BRICKHOUSE, Special Consultant
JOHN A. CARSTARPHEN, JR., Chief Clerk
RICHARD E. HORNER, Jr., Counsel
JAMES E. KING, Staff Consultant
HOWARD J. SILKENSEN, Staff Consultant
RAYMOND WILSON, Staff Consultant
THEODORE FISCAL, Assistant Clerk
JOSEPH PELTON, Publications Clerk

- page 89 -

The image contains a photograph of Project Mercury molded couches. The photograph shows several rows of black molded couches arranged in a hangar-like setting with a background of metal framework.

PROJECT MERCURY
FIGURE 7.—Project Mercury molded couches.

- page 90 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Mercury, which was part of the United States' early human spaceflight program.

PROJECT MERCURY
(6) A 33-Watt telemetry transmitter is designed to perform the same function as the high frequency telemetry transmitter and provides redundancy of flight safety data transmission.
(7) Command and receivers. Two identical 20-channel receivers with parallel outputs are provided to enable ground control of (1) capsule abort, (2) retrorocket reset, and (3) retrorocket firing.
(8) UHF/HF rescue beacons (SARAH) for search and recovery aid after capsule impact.
(9) Auxiliary UHF rescue beacon (super-SARAH) for redundant search and recovery aid.
Extensive development tests have been performed to determine normal operation, interaction with other equipment, and with other capsule systems equipment. As a result of these tests, numerous corrective actions were taken, internal filtering and redesigning of the telemetry subsystem, internal powering filtering design of the telemetry transmitter, and redesign of the telemetry transmitter power supply.
These were problems that did not all equipment was working together within the actual capsule structure.
The instrumentation system monitors the physical condition and operation of capsule controls. This information is supplied to telemetry transmitters and is available for analysis by ground stations.
The basic electrical power supply system for orbital capsules consists of three 30-watt silver-zinc 28-watt batteries connected so as to provide three independent systems. Although the supplies are normally independent, circuitry is provided for automatic combination if isolation devices fail. Switching can connect all three supplies into one common system if necessary. In flight, the normal mission requires less power than is completely available for unforeseen emergencies.
The d.c. battery power is converted to a.c. by means of static inverters. As in the case of all batteries, independent inverters are provided with auxiliary batteries, inverters, and other electrical system components to be used aboard the Mercury capsule have successfully completed their
testing and qualification.

- page 91 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Mercury report document.

PROJECT MERCURY
26 qualification test program: Qualifications have included the general requirements for performance, humidity, salt spray, fungus, immersion, sand and dust settling, shock vibration, radio noise, overboard capability, electrical rupture, endurance, operating force mechanism, short-circuiting characteristics, and retention forces as applied to the specific device. Special testing such as air leakage through bulkhead connectors, overvoltage, insulation resistance, operating pressure, and insulation resistances under environmental conditions, input requirements, electrical efficiency, system environment, etc., are also conducted in accordance with the specific Mercury conditions.
Capsule deliveries: The first McDonnell capsule was delivered to NASA on January 27, 1960, less than a year after the contract with McDonnell was signed. This capsule was essentially only an external shell; however, and did not contain most of the internal systems that would be required for manned flight. 
The second MC capsule (17-1) was delivered to NASA on March 14, 1960, and the third and fourth were delivered in the last week of July. The first capsule that contains most of the systems and subsystems that will be necessary for manned flight is the first Redstone capsule. This capsule had been delivered by the end of April 1961.
The first MC capsule, completely outfitted with all systems and development subsystems, was first delivered for engineering inspection at the McDonnell factory. The purpose of this inspection was to ascertain that the capsule was safe for manned flight. Representatives of NASA, MAC, USAF, and the Department of Defense participated. This detailed engineering inspection was connected with advanced development programs. It focused the attention of a large group of specialists on capsule system details and operational procedures. Following this inspection, the functional checks at the McDonnell factory before being shipped to Cape Canaveral, Fla., for flight readiness activities. 
Success of the orbital flight test program in April 1961 will depend largely on results from orbital flight tests. Should major difficulties be encountered during testing, production of subsequent capsules will, of course, need to be interrupted for design changes and retrofitting. As has been described before, actions are inherent in high-priority advanced development programs which must undertake to compress the overall program timetable.
FLIGHT PROGRAM
The pocket-boosted Mercury flight program consists of a research and development phase and a qualification phase, as well as a manned orbital phase. For research and development, simplified unmanned flights to test and develop systems prior to manned flights began in 1959.

- page 92 -

The image shows a launch vehicle during capsule mating operations for Project Mercury. The vehicle appears to be the "Little Joe" launch vehicle, which was used for testing Mercury spacecraft systems and capabilities during the early stages of the program.

PROJECT MERCURY
27

FIGURE 8.—Little Joe launch vehicle during capsule mating operations.

- page 93 -

The image shows a rocket or spacecraft launching from Wallops Island, Virginia. The spacecraft appears to be the "Little Joe" capsule, which was part of the Project Mercury program, the first human spaceflight program of the United States. The image is captioned "Figure 9 - Little Joe launch from Wallops Island, Va."

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT MERCURY
FIGURE 9 - Little Joe launch from Wallops Island, Va.

- page 94 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Mercury, which was a NASA program to launch the first American astronauts into space.

PROJECT MERCURY
Little Joe
The Little Joe launch vehicle was used primarily during the research and development phases of Project Mercury. Little Joe, which was developed especially for Project Mercury, is a stabilized launch vehicle which has in-built facilities and controls to provide the abort capability in case of launch vehicle failure. The launch thrust is 1.4-million pounds.
Prelaunch preparations at Wallops Island for a Little Joe launch is shown in figure 9. To date, the following Little Joe tests have been performed:
(1) Little Joe 1, October 4, 1959. - A first Little Joe vehicle was floicn, primarily to check out the booster and launch performance. This flight proved the stability and integrity of the design system at maximum range.
(2) Little Joe 2, November 4, 1959. - The primary objective of this flight was to check the operation of the escape system for the command launch vehicle. All the capsule functions occurred as programmed and the capsule landed impact free. Analysis showed that the capsule was sufficiently stable to permit safe abort in case of booster failure.
(3) Little Joe 7, January 21, 1960. - This was a repeat of the Little Joe 1 flight to check out maximum dynamic pressure. All test objectives were successfully achieved; the cabin was recovered with minimum damage.
This flight was to have checked the operation of the capsule escape system at maximum dynamic loading. The capsule for this flight was previously subjected to an acoustical vibration system at maximum levels expected in flight and showed that the capsule was sufficiently stable to permit safe abort from the booster. Due to malfunctioning valves which caused a delay, the capsule clamp ring did not release and the capsule failed to separate from the booster.

- page 95 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury report or document.

PROJECT MERCURY
30
test program at the NASA Langley Research Center. It successfully withstood the conditions of the test, during which the normal parachute system was blocked from deploying. A pilot parachute was successfully deployed to stabilize the capsule and control the descent rate. The increased drag on the system provided sufficient noise attenuation to enable the pilot to communicate, using his stand-by radio equipment.
(1) Little Joe IV - 14 March, 1961 - This was the second attempt to duplicate the previous test conditions. The flight was only partially successful since the drogue system failed to function properly. The descent was unstabilized and the capsule impacted the ground.
(2) Little Joe V - 28 April, 1961 - The capsu le forward in the parachute opening shock loads in excess of the design load.
(3) Little Joe VI - 29 August, 1961 - The capsule flown in this test was recovered in good condition and reflown in another test. The flight provided an unexpected series of Little Joe V. This Little Joe 'V' flight was only 3,300 feet and the descent pressure at impact was only 1,500 pounds per square feet; approximately twice as high as planned. All capsule events and recovery were normal. The capsule post-flight condition was good.
Big Joe was the name given to the research and development Mercury capsule which was flown on an Atlas launch vehicle and is shown in the image on 29 September 1959.
(a) Validation of the adequacy of the ablation heat shield.
(b) Determination of capsule stability during hypersonic reentry.
The Atlas instrument was programmed to provide a duplication of a normal entry from orbit; however, the Atlas booster engines failed to staged properly. These burnout conditions resulted in a steep reentry which the capsule withstood; however, the total heat input was lower than expected. The design would be satisfactory for the Mercury capsule. The recovery system was satisfactory.
Although an angle of attack greater than 90°, the capsule splitting of atmosphere at an altitude of 150,000 feet, and other such effects described, these conditions are described as an unexpected but important result of the flight was the high deceleration of the capsule. The high heating rates resulted from unpredictable shock-wave interactions on the capsule. The high relative motion between the capsule and the external shingle material on the McDonnell production capsules was an unexpected factor.

- page 96 -

The image appears to show a large rocket or spacecraft under construction. The text below the image indicates that this is "Figure 10 - Big job and gantry", likely referring to the construction or assembly of this large piece of equipment.

PROJECT MERCURY
31
FIGURE 10 - BIG JOB AND GANTRY.

- page 97 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Mercury document, containing text describing various aspects of the Mercury-Atlas missions.

PROJECT MERCURY
changed from a cobalt alloy to a nickel alloy. The material on the cylindrical parachute canister was changed from a cobalt alloy to 
Reach-abort flight
The first McDonnell production capsule was flown on a simulated off-the-pad abort trajectory at Wallops Island on May 9, 1960. The production capsule, mounted on a Atlas-type adapter with a booster, was vertical. The thrust eccentricity was set so as to carry the capsule toward the escape tower. The capsule tower, shown in figure 11, was erected approximately 32 seconds after initiation of the abort. The high thrust level of the escape rocket caused peak accelerations to be approximately 15g's as planned. The sequencing system worked as expected: the capsule attained a maximum altitude of over 3000 feet and the parachute system was successfully effected by helicopter.
Mercury-Atlas-2
The first Atlas-launched McDonnell capsule was flown July 29, 1960. The Atlas guidance system was programmed to cause the capsule to reenter along a trajectory which would cause maximum after-landing deceleration. The restoring would also result in maximum reentry deceleration. The primary objective of this test was to qualify the capsule structures and satisfactory heat dissipation. The flight progressed normally until approximately 1 minute after launch, at which time, a malfunction occurred in the retro-rocket pressurization and initiated tele-metry records until it impacted. Consequently, the sequencing system was not programmed to deploy the parachute after a malfunction which terminated the mission.  
Mercury-Atlas-2  
The second Mercury-Atlas, which was flown February 21, 1961, closely matched the desired trajectory. The flight was programmed to reenter the atmosphere at a shallow angle, and the flight proceeded according to plan until the capsule struck the water at 1.425 statute miles downrange, 13 miles short of the precomputed impact point. The postflight condition of the capsule showed that maximum temperatures measured on the shingles and ablation heat shield were lower than expected.  The Mercury-Atlas 3 booster, which carried the Friendship 7 capsule, was the first successful manned orbital flight.

- page 98 -

The image contains a photograph of a rocket or spacecraft launch. The photograph shows a rocket or spacecraft in flight, with a plume of smoke or exhaust trailing behind it as it ascends into the sky. The image is black and white and appears to be from an older document or report, likely related to Project Mercury based on the title.

PROJECT MERCURY
FIGURE 11.—Beath abort test of the Mercury escape system.

- page 99 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document with text discussing a "Letter of Transmittal" related to a report on "Project Mercury" from the House of Representatives Committee on Science and Astronautics.

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE AND ASTRONAUTICS,
Washington, D.C., May 22, 1961.

Hon. OVERTON BROOKS,
Chairman, Committee on Science and Astronautics.

This report on this country's only man-in-space program, "Project Mercury," is forwarded herewith for committee consideration a report entitled "Project Mercury - Second Interim Report."

This report has been prepared on the basis of briefings and materials provided by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The bulk of the information was provided by Mr. Howard J. Silverstein, who conducted the report. The report was reviewed by the committee prior to its submittal.

The report has been given proper staff review prior to its submittal to you for consideration.

CHARLES F. DUCANDER,
Executive Director and Chief Counsel.

- page 100 -

This page does not contain any photographs. The text appears to be a technical report or document related to the Project Mercury program.

PROJECT MERCURY
was installed to reduce the capsule connections in the weld joint immediately below the adapter attachment flange. The adapter was also strengthened by the addition of circumferential rings. Figure 12 shows the static test firing of the booster at Cape Canaveral.
Mercury-Atlas-3, which had been scheduled as an orbital flight, was launched April 25, 1961, because of a failure in the Atlas autopilot programmer, the booster roll and pitch program was actuated and the secondary guidance system was used. The capsule main deceleration system was initiated, and concurrently initiated the capsule abort sequence. An automatic capsule abort occurred at 14,000-feet altitude. The capsule impact occurred 47 miles offshore. All capsule systems appeared to work satisfactorily. The capsule was recovered in good condition and landed 600 feet offshore. 
Mercury-Redstone-3
The Redstone launch vehicle shown in figure 13 is used as an intermediate range test vehicle in the Mercury program. The first Mercury-Redstone flight, designated MR-3, was conducted on May 5, 1961. This flight was successful in every respect. The MR-1 capsule reached a peak altitude of 135 miles, a range of 260 miles, and a maximum velocity of 5,000 gravity. The flight was successful, the airframe and recovery equipment functioned properly. The capsule was successfully recovered and returned in good condition.
The purpose of the Redstone flights is to qualify the capsules during short-range ballistic flights. Manned Redstone flights will be accomplished after a series of unmanned flights when capsule systems have proven sufficiently reliable. The Redstone flights will provide an excellent opportunity to fully qualify the retrorocket system and qualify the boost protection system. These flights will also serve to develop pilot procedures and ground control procedures which can be used in the orbital flights.
Mercury-Redstone-2
The second Mercury-Redstone was successfully flown January 31, 1961. Because the booster engine operated at higher than normal thrust, the Redstone burned at a higher velocity than planned. Engine fuel depletion, which occurred 18 seconds before normal burnout, triggered the booster automatic abort sensing system approximately 16 miles further downrange than expected. The resultant high capsule velocity produced an apogee of 156 statute miles at a range of 425 miles. The capsule experienced 6.5-minutes duration at zero-gravity and encountered accelerations of 17g and 14.1g, respectively.

- page 101 -

The image contains a black and white photograph of a Mercury-Atlas static test firing. The image shows a large rocket on a launch pad, with smoke and clouds in the background.

PROJECT MERCURY
FIGURE 12. - Mercury-Atlas static test firing.

- page 102 -

The image contains a photograph of a large crane or gantry structure, which appears to be part of the "Project Mercury" program. The structure appears to be made of metal and has various platforms, walkways, and support beams. There is no text or other information visible in the image besides the caption "Figure 13.—Mercury-Redstone."

PROJECT MERCURY
36
FIGURE 13.—Mercury-Redstone.

- page 103 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document, containing text describing visual observations from recovery aircraft, details about a flight on May 5, 1961, and plans for future Mercury-Redstone flights and Atlas-orbital flights.

PROJECT MERCURY
Visual observations from recovery aircraft revealed that the capsule floated upright for approximately 25 minutes after the heat shield dropped away. Postflight examination showed that the capsule heat shield had been damaged during reentry and failure to sever the lower heatshield had permitted reentry forces to subject the cabin to structural loads. Future capsules will utilize anchor chains which will prevent loss of the heat shield during landing.

Because of a malfunction on the previous flight and because of a delicate instrumentation problem, another capsule mounted on the booster was launched to qualify modified components prior to the planned flight. This test was flown on March 24, 1961, with a boilerplate capsule mounted on the booster. The launch was successful in every respect.

On May 5, 1961, Astronaut Alan B. Shepard flew a Mercury-Redstone mission. The flight attained an apogee of 115 statute miles and a range of 302 statute miles. No acceleration to zero-gravity was observed during the flight. Shepard's manual control system were identical to those of the flight simulators which he had practiced. Malfunction detecting system of the capsule retrofire, retropack jettison, and parachute deployment were just as indicting as in the simulators, correctly indicating that retropacket thrust measurement was critical to those which he had experienced many times on the human centrifuge. No difficulties were encountered with respect to zero-gravity and the results confirmed the adequacy of the training procedures.

Manned Mercury-Redstone flights will continue in 1961. The purpose of additional qualification flights is to qualify the Mercury-Atlas vehicle for the manned space environment.

Additional unmanned Atlas-orbital flights will be attempted prior to manned orbital flight. The ability of the Atlas guidance system to control the spacecraft attitude, velocity, and flight path angle must be demonstrated; the capsule systems must be qualified for orbital flight; and studies must show its ability to track the capsule and monitor the capsule systems.

- page 104 -

The image contains a photograph of a helicopter recovery operation after a Mercury Redstone-3 mission. The photograph shows the helicopter hovering over the water, with the capsule visible below. No human faces are identifiable in the image.

PROJECT MERCURY
FIGURE 14.—Helicopter recovery after Mercury Redstone-3.

- page 105 -

The image shows a black and white photograph of a man standing in front of a Mercury capsule. The man appears to be wearing a spacesuit and is standing next to the capsule, which has been recovered from an apparent mission.

PROJECT MERCURY
39
FIGURE 15. - Shepard and recovered Mercury Redstone capsule.

- page 106 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "PROJECT MERCURY" that describes the Tracking and Communications Network for the Mercury mission. The text discusses various aspects of the tracking and communications systems, including the use of existing support instrumentation stations around the world, the use of the Atlantic Missile Range as the launch area, and the ability to provide real-time telemetry and voice contact during the orbital flights.

PROJECT MERCURY
Tracking and Communications Network

General
In the Mercury mission, man and machine together will, for the first time, be subjected to a significant environment. It will, therefore, be desirable to keep the number of orbits on initial flights to a minimum. On the other hand, it will be highly desirable to allow sufficient time for precision orbit determination in order to specify the desired area. With these conflicting requirements, a maximum of three orbits was chosen for the first manned orbital flights.

On the other hand, it will be highly desirable to allow sufficient time for precision orbit determination in order to specify the desired area. With these conflicting requirements, a maximum of three orbits was chosen for the first manned orbital flights.

(1) Use of existing ground support instrumentation stations throughout the world.
(2) Use of the Atlantic Missile Range as the launch area and the Cape Canaveral area, south of the continental United States, during the third orbit.
(3) Requirement that the continental United States tracking continuously both during the orbital flight and during recovery.

For these reasons, a northeast launch which was selected results in an orbital inclination of 32.5 degrees or over. This carries the vehicle just south of Bermuda, south of the Canary Islands, across Africa, and over the Indian Ocean Missile Range at Woomera. The track then passes across the Solomon and Phoenix Islands, passing over the southern United States where a number of suitable instrumentation sites already exist, such as the Pacific Missile Range, Eglin Air Force Base, the Air Force Missile Test Center at Patrick Air Force Base, as well as the Cape Canaveral complex. The third orbit passes over several African tracking and command of the retrograde, since direct hard-line communications is available from the continental United States.

In making the choice of the number and location of the various ground instrumentation stations, a number of other criteria were established.

(1) The desire to have continuous tracking from Cape Canaveral to across Bermuda for accurate determinations and to have real-time telemetry and continuous voice contact during this time.
(2) The ability to reset the retrofire conveniently on each orbit as the vehicle is approaching direct command of the retrofire during the last orbit.
(3) The need for continuous contact with the capsule during insertion.

(4) A desire to maintain frequent voice and telemetry contact with the capsule.
(5) The need for continuous impact prediction in case of an early abort requiring impact in the Atlantic Ocean, or during an emergency should one occur after orbit insertion.

- page 107 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document, titled "TRACKING & COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK, Project Mercury". The page contains a map of the world, with various locations marked, such as AMR BERMUDA, SHIP, CANAVARY IS., NIGERIA, ZANZIBAR, SHIP, MUCHEA, AUSTL., WOOMERA, AUSTL., HAWAII, CALIFORNIA, MEXICO, NEW MEXICO, TEXAS, and FLORIDA.

PROJECT MERCURY
41
TRACKING & COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK
Project Mercury
1. AMR BERMUDA
2. SHIP
3. CANAVARY IS.
4. NIGERIA
5. ZANZIBAR
6. SHIP
7. MUCHEA, AUSTL.
8. WOOMERA, AUSTL.
9. HAWAII
10. CALIFORNIA
11. MEXICO
12. NEW MEXICO
13. TEXAS
14. FLORIDA
61-67
FIGURE 15.

- page 108 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document titled "PROJECT MERCURY" that describes various requirements and specifications related to the tracking systems and communication networks involved in the project.

PROJECT MERCURY
All of these and many other requirements, based on practical and economic considerations, resulted in a network of stations as indicated in table V. The stations transmit tracking data to a central computing facility located at Washington, D.C. The operation control facility Because of the critical period during launch and orbital insertion, additional continuous facilities are required at Cape Canaveral and at Bermuda. The General Electric Corporation will be the primary source of information for the Cape Canaveral control center, since its telemetering and tracking data will provide the basic data for the insertion parameters. Also, since this is the critical phase of the mission, the Atlas and FPS-16 radar systems at Cape Canaveral will provide backup information for the same ground guidance system. This redundancy is necessary since the capacity of the existing C-band radar, present at the insertion facilities, will be taxed to the limit. A very high reliability radio communications system between Cape Canaveral, Washington, and Bermuda must be provided to transmit real-time trajectory data. However, because of the inability to provide a highly reliable secondary link, important command decisions at Bermuda, it is necessary to provide a direct link between Cape Canaveral and Bermuda.
Project Mercury will consist of 18 stations, a computing and communications center, and it will be equipped with long-range precision radar and will comprise the tracking system and the equipment with telemetry receivers. All communications data from the stations will be transmitted to the computing and control center. This computing and control center is located at the main station. Eight of the eighteen stations and the control center will be located on islands and other facilities. At these locations, a major part of the required equipment, including most of the tracking radars, is now in existence at Department of Defense test facilities and the Commonwealth of Australia. NASA will arrange for the use of this equipment. The scope of Department of Defense participation in the support of Project Mercury operations is given in the "Overall Plan, DOD Support for Project Mercury Operations," dated January 13, 1960.

- page 109 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The image is a table titled "Table V. - Station capability" that lists various station names and their capabilities in terms of radar, telemetry, command and control, acquisition, and ground communications.

Table V. - Station capability
Station name,Coverage/passes,Radar,Telemetry,Command control,Acquisition,Ground communications
Canaveral,1, 2, and 3,X,X,X,X,X
Grand Bahama,1, 2, and 3,X,X,X,X,X
Grand Turk,1, 2, and 3,X,X,X,X,X
Bermuda,1, 2, and 3,X,X,X,X,X
Atlantic Ship,1 and 2,X,X,X,X,X
Grand Canary Island,1 and 2,X,X,X,X,X
Kano, Nigeria,1 and 2,X,X,X,X,X
Zanzibar,1 and 2,X,X,X,X,X
Indian Ocean ship,1, 2, and 3,X,X,X,X,X
Muchea, Australia,1, 2, and 3,X,X,X,X,X
Woomera, Australia,1 and 2,X,X,X,X,X
Canton Island,1 and 2,X,X,X,X,X
Kokee Island, Hawaii,2 and 3,X,X,X,X,X
Point Arguello, Calif.,1 and 3,X,X,X,X,X
Guaymas, Mexico,1, 2, and 3,X,X,X,X,X
White Sands, N. Mex.,1, 2, and 3,X,X,X,X,X
Corpus Christi, Tex.,1, 2, and 3,X,X,X,X,X
Eglin, Fla.,(Inland Space Flight Center),1, 2, and 3,X,X,X,X,X
Ground communications. Site functions: FA, fully automatic; SA, semiAutomatic; M, manual; SSB, single side band; * MPQ-31.

- page 110 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document containing a table of contents for a project called "Project Mercury".

CONTENTS
Introduction 
Background - Major rocket tests (table I)
Ground instrumentation plan for Project Mercury (table II)
Performance evaluation, primary, secondary and launch tracking and control system 
Department of Defense support of Project Mercury 
Detailed cost analysis (through MR-7) 
Project Mercury funding summary
Maximum in-space weight 
Summary of progress to date:
General information
The Mercury Manned Capsule System
Retro package structure and heat shielding
Escape system
Landing and recovery system
Attitude control system
Pilot support and restraint
Instrumentation system
Electrical power supplies
Flight plan
His story
Mercury Atlas -1
Mercury Atlas -2
Mercury Atlas -3
Mercury Redstone -1
Mercury Redstone -2
Mercury Redstone -3
Tracker/control Support Network: 
General
Station-capability (table V)
Station locations of each station
Ground communication system
Station planning and input simulator sights 
Network checkout procedures
Operations checkout of capsule:
Launch vehicle checkout
Chute jettison master disconnect and capsule
Prelaunch countdown
Mercury Control Center
Operation procedures during mission
Operational procedures near orbit insertion
Postlaunch recovery

- page 111 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text describing the major functions of each station.

PROJECT MERCURY
Major functions of each station
1. Functions of tracking and ground instrumentation system: The tracking and ground instrumentation systems will provide all phases of the flight. Thus, it will provide continuous prediction of the status of the vehicle and occupant; and will permit the exercise of the command functions.
2. Major Functions of stations: (a) Cape Canaveral, Grand Bahama Island, and Grand Turk Island: The functions to be performed at these stations, as discussed herein, involve ground instrumentation, telemetry, and vehicle communications. It is necessary to utilize equipment at these locations to track, telemeter, and vehicle communications.
From prelaunch through insertion, continuous telemetry, voice communications, and command capability will be provided to the control center. During this same period other data will be made available to the Mercury control center and will provide tracking data from the Atlas sustaining and FPS-16 radar for the computing center. These data are separate from the function of the station as discussed herein.
Telemetry instrumentation and data processing is also necessary in order to permit resetting the retrorocket programming events during reentry and landing.
(b) Bermuda: The Bermuda station will determine if the capsule has been placed into an acceptable orbit and effect an emergency landing in the event of failure to achieve orbit. It will also be provided with the capability to perform this function essentially independent of data from the launch site.
Other functions may be as follows:
(1) To command an abort as directed by the control center in the event of serious capsule equipment failure or pilot difficulty late in the launch phase.
(2) To command and monitor an abort as directed by the control center for impact in a major recovery area in the event of certain propulsion or guidance system malfunctions.
(3) If the flight is normal, tracking and data transmission to the computing center will be required.

- page 112 -

The image shows a diagram of a typical Project Mercury network station. It includes various components labeled such as "Command and Control Transmitter", "Telemetry and Voice Receiver", "500-Mile Range (FPS-16)", and "700-Mile Radar (VERLORT)". The overall layout depicts the infrastructure and equipment used in the Project Mercury network.

PROJECT MERCURY
45
TYPICAL PROJECT MERCURY SITE
COMMAND
CONTROL AND
TRANSMITTER
VOICE
TELEMETRY AND
VOICE RECEIVER
500-MILE
RANGE
(FPS-16)
700-MILE
RADAR
(VERLORT)
TELEMETRY & VOICE
RECEIVER AND
ACQUISITION AID
DF-3-29
FIGURE 17.—Typical Project Mercury network station.

- page 113 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "Project Mercury" that describes various tracking stations and their functions for the Mercury project.

PROJECT MERCURY
(4) If the flight is not normal, the impact point will be computed for use by the search and recovery group. A fleet station, which must provide nor-mal tracking and telemetry, must provide continuous passes. The station must also transmit commands to reset the re-firing timer as directed by the control center. In the event of an emergency landing at the end of the first or second passage, tracking and computation of the landing point are required.
(5) Atlantic ship: This station will provide telemetry and voice communications coverage in the area of the mid-Atlantic on all three passages.
The equipment required for this station will be placed aboard a Gov-ernment C-54 M-AVI ship.
(6) Grand Canary Island: This station will provide normal tracking and telemetry data coverage for the first and second passes in the general area of northwest Africa. In the event the mission points the station is unable to track the spacecraft, this station will provide backup telemetry data on landing location directly to the local recovery team.
(7) Kano, Nigeria: This station will provide normal telemetry and voice communications coverage on passes 1 and 2 in the general area of A
(7) Zanzibar: This station will provide normal telemetry and voice communications coverage on passes 1 and 2 in the general area of
(8) Indian Ocean ship: This station will provide telemetry and voice communications coverage in the area of the mid-Indian Ocean on all three passages. The equipment required for this station will be placed on board a Government C-54 M-AVI ship.
(9) Muchea, Australia: This station will provide tracking, telemetry, and voice communications coverage on all three passages with the acquisition of the spacecraft on the first passage and the tracking data obtained at this point in the orbit, which is approximately 1500 from the point where insertion data are provided, will lead to the most accurate orbit determination.
If an emergency landing at the end of the first orbit, the Australian station will be instructed from the control center to supply commands to the capsule for retrorocket firing and parachute deployment.
(2) Woomera: The Woomera location will provide C-band tracking, telemetry, and voice communication coverage on orbits one and two. The NAOTI will make arrangements with the Weapons Research Establishment of Australia for use of an FPS-16 radar and related equipment.
(3) Kano Island, Hawaii: The function of this station is to provide tracking, telemetry, and voice communications on passes two and three, and to transmit commands as required. This station also maintains voice communications with the control center.
(4) Point Arguello, Calif.: The function of this station is to provide tracking, telemetry, and voice communication coverage for passes one and two as required.

- page 114 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "PROJECT MERCURY" and describes various functions and operations of different stations and centers related to the Mercury program. 

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

PROJECT MERCURY 47
two and three, and to transmit command functions as required. The station also maintains voice communications with the control center. This station provides the first trackine data after launch and will indicate whether the retro-rockets have been fired at the programmed time. If not, this station will command retro-rocket firing to initiate reentry.
(y) Guaymns, Mexico: The function of this station is to provide tracking, telemetry, and voice communications coverage for passes one and two and to transmit command functions as required. The station also maintains voice communications with the control center to indicate whether the retro-rockets should be fired.
(z) Telemetry data received will indicate whether the retro-rockets have been fired at the programmed time. If not, this station will command retro-rocket firing to initiate reentry.
(aa) White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico: The station continues to provide tracking data on all three passes and also contributes to the continuous tracking coverage in the United States on all three passes.
(bb) Bermuda: This station contributes to the continuous tracking, telemetry, and voice communication for all three passes and contributes to the computing and data processing center.
(c) Beritn Air Force Base, Fla.: The function of this station is to contribute to continuous tracking coverage on all orbital passes. Data transmission is required from Berlin to Goddard for processing.
(d) Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Md.: The primary functions of the computing and communications center located at the Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbeit, Md., are:
(1) To accept all telemetry and communications from remote tracking stations required for the Mercury operations.
(2) The predicted location of the capsule.
(3) The predicted location of impact for emergency reentry.
(4) Time to fire retro-rockets to land in next recovery area.
(5) During reentry, the center will provide and transmit to the control center continuous prediction of the landing point on essential time basis.
(6) Throughout the entire operation, the center will provide continuous communications terminal for the Mercury operations. Communications to all field sites will pass through the center's communication areas and the appropriate switching and monitoring facilities will be provided.
(7) During launch and insertion the computing center will receive tracking data from the Cape Canaveral tracking systems including the BCE Burroughs/Goddard tracking system. Using these tracking data in combination with selected telemetry data, the center will keep the control center informed on the progress of the flight.

- page 115 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a page from a document titled "PROJECT MERCURY" which describes the functions and capabilities of the Mercury ground communication system. The text includes details about monitoring the launch, orbit, reentry, and landing of the Mercury capsule, as well as coordination with various control centers and the transmission of data.

PROJECT MERCURY
will compute and send data for displays at the control center 
suitable for the following functions:
(a) Monitor the launch to determine if the orbit achieved
is satisfactory.
(b) If the orbit is not acceptable, determine times of retro-
fire to designate (desigenated) recovery areas.
(c) Determine capsule landing point and present position. 
A RMCC is used for the NASA Mercury Control Center.
The function of the control center will be to provide control and 
coordination of all activities associated with the Project Mercury op-
eration. The necessary communication displays and control equipment 
installed at this site will be used for the basic functions:
(1) Coordination with the blockhouse and central control dur-
ing launch; including monitoring of vehicle propagation and guid-
ance, and assistance on range safety.
(2) Control of all stations outside Cape Canaveral.
(3) Monitoring of pilot and capsule systems.
(4) Instruction to pilot.
(5) Flight trajectory monitoring.
(6) Commands to capsule equipment.
(7) Initiate emergency abort during launch and insertion.
(8) Initiate emergency landing at completion of first or second
pass over.
(9) Initiate normal reentry and landing.
(10) Supply landing location information for search and re-
covery forces.
3. Function of the demonstration site. - Existing NASA buildings
and land at the Cape Canaveral Proving Grounds are being used to estab-
lish a temporary station consisting of selected items of equipment
identical to that used in remote stations. This equipment has been in-
stalled and tested to determine performance characteristics and suitabi-
lity for the Mercury mission and less modification will be required when 
this equipment is installed at remote sites. Information developed at 
this site will be applied to the remote Mercury sites to bring all sites 
up to the performance required for the Mercury 
mission.
Ground communication system
The purpose of the Mercury ground communication system is to provide 
prompt communications between 15 range stations around the world with the 
Goddard Space Flight Center at Greenbelt, Md. (and the Mercury Control 
Center and Cape Canaveral, Fla., during launch and re-entry operations 
on 18 and 19). The system will carry telephone, teletype, and high-
speed data communications. Electronic computers at Goddard will pro-
cess incoming data and provide as its output, acquisition messages and 
other related information to all range stations. Teletype writer in-
formation, info and out of Goddard, will be handled by an automatic 
teletype writer switching system. A significant portion of the traffic
will include voice coordination, launch and flight control, a radar 
tracking and computing systems. Essentially 60 words per minute tele-
type transmission will be employed. For high 
speed data transmission, facsimile, and voice transmission, specialized 
channels will be used.

- page 116 -

The image contains a map of communication links across the world. The map shows a geographic representation of the world with lines connecting various locations, likely representing communication routes or links. There are no human faces or identifiable individuals in this image.

FIGURE 18.—Map of communication links.

- page 117 -

The image contains a diagram showing the ground communications circuit layout. It does not appear to contain any photographs.

GROUND COMMUNICATIONS CIRCUIT LAYOUT

- page 118 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from a document related to Project Mercury. The text on the page discusses the priority traffic communication system between Goddard and Cape Canaveral, the importance of safeguarding the communication facilities, and the organizations involved in providing the communication services for Project Mercury.

PROJECT MERCURY
priority traffic between Goddard and Cape Canaveral, teletypewriter circuits capable of transmitting 100 words per minute will be provided. A high-speed data communications network between Goddard and Cape Canaveral will be provided to handle the large volume of data flowing to and from the spacecrafts.
The communication requirements for Project Mercury comprises approximately 125,000 circuit miles (about 85,000 miles of teletypewriter circuits and 40,000 miles of high-speed data circuits). The design of this system has been geared to provide a reliable communications network that can be expanded economically to meet the growing requirements of the Mercury program. These routes have been selected as the most reliable radio routes for both primary traffic and for backup use. Backup facilities were provided for those routes where it appeared economically feasible and necessary.
One of the requirements in setting up the ground communication system was that leased facilities would be utilized wherever possible. Reliable communications must be maintained throughout Project Mercury, and a suitable program set up with the carriers for handling Mercury traffic, particularly with respect to the coverage and ties.
Within the North American Continent, practically all the circuit facilities which will be utilized in implementing the Mercury program are existing facilities of the American Telephone & Telegraph Co. and the Bell Telephone System. Communication facilities outside the North American Continent wilt be a combination of leased and contractor-owned facilities. The following organizations are participating in supplying communications for Project Mercury:
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. Long Lines Department.
British Columbia Telephone Co.
Cable & Wireless, Ltd.
Compania Telefonica Nacional de Espana, Canary Islands.
Canadian Overseas Telecommunications Corp.
External Telecommunications Executive, General Post Office.
General Post Office, United Kingdom.
Overseas Telecommunications Commission, Australia.
Postmaster General's Department of Supply, Australia.
Radio Corp. of America.
Telefonica de Mexico.
Transradio Espanola - S.A.-, Canary Islands.
Department of Defense.

Station phasing and implementation progress
The network as described in the foregoing material is being implemented on a phased schedule as the material is being approved and facilities made available by the carriers. Western Electric heads a team of subcontractors consisting of the Burns and Roe, Inc., responsible for architectural and engineering design of the stations as well as construction phases of station development.

- page 119 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury technical document that describes the computing and communications systems involved in the project.

PROJECT MERCURY
2. The Bendix Corp., responsible for the design, fabrication, and installation of most of the electronic subsystems such as the telemetry equipment.
3. International Business Machines Corp., responsible for computer programming, equipment and operation of data processing equipment, and responsible for such items as simulation equipment and operational sequence procedures, etc.
Western Electric not only serves as system manager and in the function of network integration, but also is responsible for network communications.
As an example of specific progress and to provide a report on how the implementation of the network has proceeded, milestones will be given for the Karnal Island Hawaiian station:

Event                          Completion Date
1. Site survey                  Dec. 15, 1959
2. Site project                 May 15, 1960
3. Instrumentation equipment on site               July 1, 1960
4. Site construction            Aug. 1, 1960
5. Communication system, initial               Sept. 1, 1960
6. Telemetry equipment installed and tested              Oct. 1, 1960
7. Command equipment installed and tested              Nov. 1, 1960
8. Radar equipment installed and tested              Dec. 1, 1960
9. Acquisition aids installed and tested              Dec. 15, 1960
10. Radar dynamic tests        Jan. 1, 1961
11. Ground-ground communications integrated with communications center            Jan. 15, 1961
12. Operational                 Mar. 1, 1961

Computations for Project Mercury Flights
There are three major computer installations associated with the Project Mercury flight computations: 
1. Cape Canaveral, Fla.
2. Bermuda
3. Goddard Space Flight Center (At Cape Canaveral and Goddard, computations are made which concern the launch and insertion into orbit, the GE surrounds computing system, in addition to performing its usual functions). At the guidance station will feed data by telephone line to Goddard.
At Goddard, two IBM 7090 computers will determine, in real time, the trajectory and the impact point for the capsule in the Atlantic Ocean Control Center, where it will be displayed.
The capsule computing system, the GE-16 minor system, together with an IBM 709 computer installation, provides the capsule with an acceptable orbit [Go/No Go decision], the capsule will be permitted to go into orbit. If the orbit is definitely unacceptable (No Decision), the mission will be terminated and the final decision to abort will be turned over to Bermuda.
At Bermuda, an IBM 709 computer installation is utilized to accomplish the following computations:

- page 120 -

There is no photograph present in this document. This appears to be a detailed description of the Project Mercury space mission, including the procedures involved in the monitors' launch to ascertain the "Go" or "No-Go" decision, the sequence of events during the launch and recovery of the capsule, and the various computational and data processing functions performed by the Mercury network. The text does not mention or identify any individuals.

PROJECT MERCURY
1. Monitors launch to ascertain a "Go" or "No-Go" decision
   on the retrorocket firing is achieved. This decision is to be accomplished within 30 seconds after the sustainer engine cutoff. 
2. Computes the time to retrorocket firing to permit the capsule to land within the prescribed landing area.
3. Performs the reentry computation and predicts the impact
   point of the capsule.
4. Performs necessary computation and preparation for trans-
   mission of capsule data to ground during second and third passes
   of capsule over the Bermuda area.
At the landing, computation is accomplished on the two IBM 7090
   computers. The following functions are performed:
1. Determination of orbit, in conjunction with Cape computers.
2. Processing of all radar inputs from remote sites.
3. Definite and resolving orbit.
4. Sending acquisition data to remote sites.
(Cape and Bermuda IBM 7090 computers, Air Force Control Center at Cape
   Canaveral - flight parameters and track data).
6. Calculates and updates final impact point during reentry.
Network established communications
The Mercury network is the most complex and extensive set of
transport instruments assembled this far in space programs. To properly test each subsystem and then the integrated system, certain essential dynamic procedures will be employed.
All key components and subsystem tests are first accomplished. This includes component and subsystem tests such as the "checkmate" receiving equipment, the ground-to-capsule communications equipment, command equipment, S-band tracker, acquisition
and equipment, to mention only a few. This type of testing is accomplished as individual component standard electronic test equipment as well as some specially designed apparatus.
After the subsystems are installed and interconnected, the system as a whole undergoes full-function testing. The objective is to detect and guard against troublesome stray energy that manifests itself in full-system testing.
All subsystems are operated together in static-station testing. Dynamic procedures involve actual target information. The test programs detect any malfunction of equipment identical to the electronic gear in the Mercury capsule, determining critical electrical and mechanical difficulties in a near-operational situation. This type of testing also represents excellent training for the station operators.
Magnetic tapes are prepared in advance for each station. These tapes contain signals for the operators. The tracking radios are given simulated target information, simulated telemetry data is received, simulated astronaut communications are handled with equipment identical to the electronic gear in the Mercury capsule.

- page 121 -

This image does not contain any photograph or visual information other than the text shown. It appears to be a table of contents from an old document or report. I will now proceed to extract the text from the image:

CONTENTS
Astronaut Program - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Page 67
Flight Simulators - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 69
Program Management and Support Organization - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 74
Project Mercury Funding - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 77
Appendix - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 81

- page 122 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document, likely an operations manual or report. The text on the page describes the operations and procedures related to the Mercury capsules, including details about the preflight checkout, launch, and recovery processes.

PROJECT MERCURY
Commands can be issued from the station since emergency situations can be contained on the tapes. Each station has its own tape. The station's tape is played to the capsule to check the capsule's operation. Commands from the ground such as switching to the secondary system, switching to short, an entire three-orbit mission can be initiated on the network without ever actually launching a mission. It is to be further noted that the station dynamic tests and, thus, have capsule, atmospheric, and network tested together in the final way. The missions will ultimately be passively conducted and logged on tape. Subsystem and station static tests are now being accomplished.

OPERATIONS
Hangar checkout of capsules
The Mercury capsules are airlifted from the McDonnell plant at St. Louis, Missouri, to Cape Canaveral, Fla. A team of the capsule arrives at the Cape Canaveral airstrip, it is trucked to the NASA capsule checkout area in Hangar S. A preliminary checkout of the capsule receives a primary systems checkout at the factory; the final detailed systems checkout is accomplished in the capsule checkout area. This checkout includes: (1) the d.c. and a.c. electrical systems; (2) the sequential systems which control all the capsule events from launch through capsule separation, tower jettison, capsule attitude, and recovery system; (3) the high frequency and ultrahigh frequency radios, command receivers, and telemetry transmitters; and (4) the automatic stabilization and control systems for the horizon scanners, gyro-erection and precision, relays and logic circuits. The capsule then undergoes a simulated flight checkout within the capsule systems.

- page 123 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Mercury, which was a space program operated by the United States in the 1960s. The text on the page provides details about the capsule checkout procedures and various operations involved in the program.

PROJECT MERCURY
In preparation for the flight of the first man-carrying capsule in the completion of this test, all onboard capsule data regarding equipment and telemetry are incorporated. A critical portion of the capsule checkout is performed in an altitude chamber which simulates the pressure integrity of the capsule. The capsule monitoring and recording system is also calibrated at this time.

One of the final hangat operations is an elaborate weight and balance check. Because the capsule gyroscopic stabilization is dependent upon the capsule center of gravity location, extreme care must be taken to ensure that the capsule weight and balance are precisely as prescribed.

Capsule checkout operations require a large quantity of complex ground checkout equipment. This gear must support capsule preflight, launch pad, and in-flight operations. Most of the monitoring and calibration equipment is contained in full-size simulated capsule check-out sites. Multiple connectors, remote controls, and heating elements are installed in a two-axis test fixture and a heating element is used to simulate all three axes at various rates and attitudes. Signals from the gyros, accelerometers, and various simulated flight sequences are recorded on strip charts in the trailer. Vibrations of the telemetry system are also made while the capsule is on the test fixture.

Concurrent with the capsule hangat checkout, the appropriate electrical, pneumatic, and numerous plumbing and electrical connections are accomplished. Functions of the environmental control equipment, the cabin pressure control equipment, the emergency destruct package, and the pressure integrity of the fuel and oxidizer tanks are also checked at this time.

Checks during mate of booster and capsule
In addition to the installation of mechanical compatibility, the installation of the capsule on the booster provides an opportunity to check the capsule-to-booster alignment and launch gantry. Figures 10 and 13 show the gantry arrangement and the sling used during capsule handling and checkout when the capsule is in the vertical position. During each phase of the operation, the capsule monitoring console is in the blockhouse. This support sale is on the launch-pad telemetry and becomes an integral with the capsule readiness telemetry, and beacons are energized simultaneously with other functions of the launch pad telemetry and beacons are energized simultaneously with other functions of the capsule monitoring consoles in the blockhouse and in the Mercury control center to monitor the pilot and capsule systems when the capsule readies for its intended flight.

- page 124 -

The image appears to be a photograph of a typical console installation in a blockhouse, which is a reinforced concrete structure used for monitoring and controlling rocket or spacecraft operations. The image shows various control panels, instrumentation, and personnel working at the console.

PROJECT MERCURY
FIGURE 20.- Typical console installation in the blockhouse.

- page 125 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document titled "PROJECT MERCURY" that describes the flight safety review board and the procedures for the launch countdown of a Mercury mission.

PROJECT MERCURY
Flight safety review board
The flight safety review board will convene and evaluate the records of the hardware vehicles and capsule tests. At this time, any difficulties which occurred during booster and capsule checkout will be discussed and noted. Items which must be resolved prior to launch will be acted upon. Representatives of the launch vehicle contractors, the capsule contractor, the astronauts and other NASA operations personnel.
Prelaunch countdown
The prelaunch countdown is divided into two parts: the first portion starting 30 hours prior to launch and continuing for 15 hours. The final portion begins the following midnight and continues until the scheduled launch time of 7 a.m. This split count arrangement allows the launch vehicle to be test pressed in the midst of a long countdown.
During the first 15-hour period, detailed capsule systems checks will be accomplished from the countdown schedule. In the network of communications and tracking stations is alerted and communications, and the command radio frequency equipment are checked out. Seven hours prior to launch, the countdown is held at the T-minus 4 hour point. Final vehicle and capsule checks are made, propellants are brought to flight ready condition, and the "go" for launch is given. At the T-minus 4 hour mark the countdown continues to lift-off.
Mercury control center
Overall control of the Mercury missions is conducted from the Mercury control center at Cape Canaveral. This control center serves as a telemetry receiving station: the large dish-shaped antenna receives telemetric information from the capsule subsystems. The primary function of the center is to actively control the flight of the Mercury mission. The operations director is in charge of the mission and also serves as a chairman of the flight safety review board. The flight director who actively participates in the countdown coordinates the input from the systems controllers, and is responsible for making the decision to abort the mission if a malfunction should occur.

- page 126 -

The image shows the Mercury control center at Cape Canaveral. The photograph depicts a large building with a distinctive radar dish or antenna structure on top, surrounded by various other structures and vehicles in the background.

PROJECT MERCURY

FIGURE 21.- Mercury control center at Cape Canaveral.

- page 127 -

The image shows a diagram of the "FLIGHT CONTROL ORGANIZATION" for a project, with various components and roles such as the Operations Director, Flight Director, Range Safety Officer, Bermuda Control Center, and various systems and personnel involved in the flight control process. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

FLIGHT CONTROL ORGANIZATION
OPERATIONS DIRECTOR
    FLIGHT DIRECTOR
        RANGE SAFETY OFFICER
BERMUDA CONTROL CENTER
    FLIGHT SUPERVISOR
    FLIGHT SURGEON
    CAPSULE ENVIRONMENT MONITOR
    CAPSULE COMMUNICATOR
    CAPSULE SYSTEMS MONITOR
    RETRO CONTROLLER
    FLIGHT DYNAMICS OFFICER
    MISSILE T/M MONITOR
    CAPSULE COMMUNICATOR
GE-BURROUGHS COMPUTER
GODDARD COMPUTER
    BERMUDA COMPUTER
+ COMMAND CAPABILITY

- page 128 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Mercury document containing text only.

PROJECT MERCURY
occur during flight. The system controllers advise the flight director: (1) The flight surgeon monitors the physiological displays of the pilot's life support and cabin environment, he also monitors the pilot's voice transmission.
(2) The capsule environment monitor has telemetry instrumentation which monitors the cabin pressure and system temperatures.
(3) The capsule communicator relays information to the pilot and receives voice reports from the pilot. The station console is equipped with a simulated pad panel which indicates the occurrence of capsule mission events.
(4) The capsule systems monitor observes the capsule attitude systems and the status of the capsule electrical system.
(5) The retroflectometer panel displays the retroflirring times for the various segments of the planned vehicle trajectory. These retroflirring times are calculated at the Goddard Computing Center. The capsule's clock synchronized with the optimum performing time which is continually being defined by calculations based on the latest tracking information. Changes in the capsule retrorocket clock setting can be accomplished through voice instructions or by radio commands from the ground.
(6) The flight dynamics officer has the responsibility of evaluating the capsule attitude and position at the end of the launch phase. He will use four plot boards which display flight path angle, velocity, altitude, and time to apogee. Based on predetermined limiting conditions, if it is determined that the capsule be permitted to continue orbital flight (go decision) or if the capsule has not attained critical velocity and flight path angle, he will request immediate retrorocket burn to bring the capsule down in a planned recovery area.
(7) The missile telemetry monitor will observe telemetry displays of the vehicle attitude, acceleration, velocity, and flight path angle. By observing these parameters, he can anticipate possible abort situations. The flight director can then take action to bring the capsule down in a planned recovery area.
In the flight control center at Bermuda, the flight dynamics officer will make an orbit "go" or "no go" decision only if the retrorocket site stations are equipped with only three consoles: capsule communicator, retrofire monitor, and telemetry systems monitor. Figure 24 shows how the capsule communicator and retrofire monitor console includes command radio capability at six of the remote sites: that is the communication transmitter will be able to command changes in the retroflirrer and command retrofire. Some of these communications will be interrupted.

- page 129 -

The image appears to show a photograph of a flight controller console at a control center. The image displays several flight controller consoles with various equipment and displays, including what appears to be a large world map display on the wall behind them.

PROJECT MERCURY
61
FIGURE 23.—Flight controller consoles at control center.

- page 130 -

The image shows a flight controller console at a remote station. The console has multiple displays, knobs, and buttons, indicating it is a complex interface for controlling some type of flight or aerospace system. There is no human face visible in the image.

PROJECT MERCURY
FIGURE 24.--Flight controller console at remote station.

- page 131 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document discussing flight simulation, equipment and familiarization, and operational procedures.

PROJECT MERCURY
Flight simulation
An important phase in the checkout of the equipment and in the familiarization for the flight controllers is the simulation training program. This program utilizes a capsule and launching procedures, and the Goddard contact center, to provide advance operational experience.
Figure 25 is a photograph of simulation consoles used during this phase, as displayed in the simulation room at the control center. It shows the Goddard console and various other equipment used in conjunction with the simulation training.
Operational procedures and mission planning
During the prelaunch phase, flight control is delegated to the launch headquarters. At lift-off, the Mercury operations director at the control center takes charge. The pilot determines the capsule time with ground elapsed time. During the launch, the pilot insures that all events occur at the proper times. As the capsule reaches the desired altitude, a different pressure regulator will maintain the capsule pressure at an altitude commensurate with pressure in the surrounding atmosphere. The pilot notes that the cabin pressure will maintain the normal atmospheric control. When a guidance command shuts the engine down, the pilot manually takes over attitude control. The attitude indicators display predetermined values. If the capsule should have drifted excessively during launch, the automatic control system will be inaccurate and he will manually control the capsule during the prereturnto-earth maneuver. The capsule should be either automatically or manually turned to the retro-fire position in order to initiate retrorocket firing.
Operational procedures near orbit insertion
One of the most critical points in the Mercury orbital mission is at orbital insertion, that is, the moment the sustainer rocket is cut off. Whether the mission should be aborted or the capsule should be reoriented for the retrograde sequence will largely be established by the conditions existing at the cutoff. An acceptable orbit is considered to be one which will insure that the retropackets will maintain a sufficiently long lifetime so that the retrograde can be accomplished at the proper time. In addition, the heating conditions must fall within acceptable limits in the region of perigee, and the recovery loads must be within acceptable limits.

- page 132 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to extract all the text from the document:

PROJECT MERCURY - SECOND INTERIM REPORT
INTRODUCTION
The Honorable Overton Brooks, Chairman of the Committee on 
Science and Astronautics, submitted to the U.S. House of Representatives the First Interim Report on Project Mercury dated January 27, 1960. All most 1 1/2 years have passed since the issuance of that report. This committee report described the goals, the research and development program of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) for the Astronauts. The purpose of this report is to submit for the consideration of the Congress and the public a report on the tremendous complexity of putting a man into Earth orbit, sustaining his life in a space environment and recovering him safely.
Since its inception, both the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Department of Defense have mapped out more comprehensive stated goals - both for project Mercury and future space booster vehicles - such as Saturn, Titan II, Atlas 6, or perhaps a newly designed liquid and Solids boosters, upon as yet unknown future requirements. Project Mercury is expected to provide answers which must be obtained concerning manned space flight environment, and many useful functions in orbit for 6 to 9 years. Project Mercury is expected to provide the ground work to future programs - answers which must be obtained concerning manned space flight environment.
Consequently, Project Mercury is being prosecuted by NASA under the leadership of the President of the United States. It carries the highest priority rating. Project Mercury represents the first phase of space flight. It is sure to appear as only a beginning when compared to the future goal of achieving and developing capabilities for the exploration of the Moon and planets. Both have experienced controversial criticism on the one hand and determination for achievement on the other hand.

- page 133 -

The image contains a photograph of a procedures trainer console installation. The image shows a large console with various equipment and panels, likely used for training purposes related to Project Mercury.

PROJECT MERCURY
64
FIGURE 25.—Procedures trainer console installation.

- page 134 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document.

PROJECT MERCURY
to command retrofiring, thus controlling the landing point, at any
time during the first coast of the first-complete orbits.
The problem is then reduced to finding as accurately as possible
the critical conditions that will permit the capsule to complete one and
one-half orbits. When these conditions are defined completely in the
parameters of velocity, flight path angle, and altitude, the actual orbital
conditions obtained may be compared to the established landing conditions in order to decide whether the mission should be allowed to
proceed.

After a successful orbit has been achieved, the pilot will report to
the remote stations, as his passage is detected, telemetry signals will be
received, and tracking data will be recorded. The remote site information will be sent back to the Mercury Control Center, by way of
communications networks, where the terminal control center will be
maintained at the Goddard Computing Center and be sent
out to the remote sites. It will be an objective of the control center
to keep the remote sites as fully informed on the current situation as
possible. Thus, in the event of breakdown in communications, they
may be better able to make decisions independently if a critical situation develops. The particular limits on requirements, considerations,
and control techniques will be developed as the design of the system
it is imperative that remote sites be kept up to date on these items.
As the time of recovery is approached, the control center will be supplied with tracking data from the computers at Goddard and the presentation of impact prediction will be given in real time. The main
forces in the recovery operation will be the air forces. It is necessary
forces up to date on impact prediction. 

The probability of capsule landing locale varies throughout the
different phases of flight and is an important factor in establishing the
recovery requirements. The basic philosophy of recovery in the Mercury program is to provide: (1) in the normal landing area: (2) in those areas where landings would occur
in case of an abort during the early phase of flight; and (3) one
additional site at a remote location for use in case extra-orbital
vehicles are on station in these areas during the first orbital flight to assure recovery within a specified time of from 3 to 6
hours. All of the recovery areas resulting from this recovery philosophy are located on the North Atlantic Ocean. The probability of
containing all landing points within these areas is very high.
The planned recovery areas show how figure 26. In addition to
the areas previously discussed, there are also standby areas at Cape
Canaveral in the event an abort occurs during the final countdown
or shortly in the boost phase of flight. The launch site recovery forces
will have the capability to effect recovery for a capsule on land or in
shallow water.
Should an unsatisfactory condition develop during launch, a mission will be aborted so that landing from such conditions will be controlled and the recovery sites assured. In case the conditions
are unsatisfactory and if the capsule systems are functioning properly,
the capsule will be permitted to continue in orbital flight. In case of
a go-no-go decision at orbital insertion, the abort procedures will be such
that all landings will be contained in areas to be or in.

- page 135 -

The image in this document appears to be a photograph of a procedures trainer console installation. The photograph shows a large array of electronic equipment and control panels, likely used for training purposes as part of Project Mercury.

PROJECT MERCURY
64
FIGURE 25.—Procedures trainer console installation.

- page 136 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document containing text only.

PROJECT MERCURY
to command retrofjring, thus controlling the landing point, at any time during the last or the first complete orbit.
The problem is then reduced to finding as accurately as possible
the orbital conditions that will permit the capsule to complete one and
one-half orbits.
When these conditions are defined completely in the
regions of visibility, the pilot will receive the necessary orbital
information in order to decide whether the mission should be allowe
to proceed.
After a successful orbit has been achieved, the pilot will report to
the remote stations the variables overridden; telemetry signals will be
received, and tracking data will be recorded. The remote sites in
formation will be sent back to the Mercury control center.
All voice communication from the aircraft and ground stations are
in real time. The information is calculated at the Goddard Computing Center and is sent
out to the remote sites.
If conditions become unsatisfactory within the remote center
it is imperative that remote sites be kept up to date on these items.
As the time of recovery is approached, the control center will be supplied with tracking data from the computers at Goddard and the precise orbit determination will be made in real time.
recovery
The probability of capsule landing locale varies throughout the
stages of the recovery, the greater initial stages of establishing the recovery requirements.
The basic philosophy of recovery in the Mercury program is (1) in the normal landing area; (2) in those areas where landings would occur
on a chance on abort following the early stages of flight; and (3) some each orbit. Rapid recovery applies that location and retrieval indicators are in these areas.
The recovery time for a manned flight is estimated to be six hours.
All of the recovery areas resulting from this recovery philophy are located in the North Atlantic Ocean. The probability of containing all landing points within these areas is very high.
The planned recovery areas are shown in figure 26. In addition to
the nine areas depicted, a launch site recovery area exists at Cape
Canaveral in the event of abort during the final countdown.
The Air Force and Navy will furnished coordinated sea and air
recovery forces that will have the capability to effect recovery for a capsule on land or in the water.
Should an unsatisfactory condition develop during launch, a mission will be aborted so that building from such conditions will be confined in areas one through six. If the orbital parameters at insertion
are unsatisfactory and if the capsule systems are functioning properly at that time, the pilot will make his decision at orbital insertion, the abort procedures will be such that all landings will be confined in areas five or six.

- page 137 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a world map showing "Planned Recovery Areas" with various numbered points marked on the map. The map appears to be related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

PLANNED RECOVERY AREAS
RETRO FIRING POINTS
FOR AREAS 1, 6, 8 & 9

- page 138 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury report, describing the procedures and details of the Mercury operating process and astronaut program. The text has been successfully extracted below:

PROJECT MERCURY
67
If a "go" decision at insertion is made, the capsule is committed to
the completion of at least one orbit before a landing in a planned area
possible. Planned recovery areas shown around the planned landing spots are based on the rocket firing points for landing in these three areas are located approximately 300 miles off the coast of the United States. After
passing the retrograde points for area six, approximately 70 minutes
of re-entry flight time elapsed, the retrograde point for area seven is
reached. Approximately 90 minutes of flight time elapsed in passing
from the retrograde recover point to the landing point in area seven.
Backup and redundant systems have been provided for all basic
capsule systems such that the probability of malfunction occurring
in any one system is extremely remote, and the safeguards provided
will be to terminate the mission and bring the capsule down as soon as
possible. Procedures for recovery in a low-probability contingency area are also provided. In
addition to the recovery factors in the Atlantic Ocean several standby
ships and aircraft stationed under the orbital flight paths will be
available for possible contingency operations.
ASTRONAUT PROGRAM
The seven Mercury pilots participated in numerous training activities during the past year. They also helped to establish many of the
Mercury operating procedures and subsystems design details. Each
astronaut received his designation as a "prime" or "back-up" pilot.
All astronauts interested in the program were given extensive medical
examinations. Those found to be physically qualified will be chosen for manned flight. The astronaut biographies were prepared Hound Report No. 1225.
Flight Simulators
To familiarize the pilots with the capsule and the various normal
and emergency operational aspects of the Mercury flight, the following simulators and facilities were utilized during the past
year:
1. Procedure trainers,- McDonnell has provided two procedure
trainers for this purpose. These trainers are identical to that of the capsule. The displays within the capsule including the pilot's flight controls are located at the space task group and is used to familiarize the astronauts with the capsule operation. It is also used in conjunction with a remote network station console to provide training for
the telemetry systems and associated monitors. The second trainer is located at the McDonnell plant and at various times has been utilised for the training with the control and the flight controller at the Goddard Computing Center. It also aids in the design and the trajectory display equipment at the Mercury control center. Figure 25 shows the instructor's console for the procedure trainer and the astronauts' capsule simulator in the background.

- page 139 -

The image appears to show a procedures trainer, which is an instructor station. The image depicts a control panel with various instruments and dials, which is likely used for training purposes in the context of Project Mercury.

PROJECT MERCURY
68
FIGURE 27.—Procedures trainer, instructor station.

- page 140 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a Project MERCURY document that describes the Johnsville centrifuge, including details about the training sessions, flight control procedures, and the use of the MX-2155 multi-channel simulator for pilot indoctrination.

PROJECT MERCURY
69
2. Johnsville centrifuge.--The Navy centrifuge at Johnsville, Pa., has also been used to enable pilots to undergo training sessions at this facility; the last session was in October of 1959. The procedure provided an opportunity for pilots to exercise in flight control procedures while experiencing artificial atmosphere and flight conditions. Statistics showed that during some of the previous individual weight sessions the centrifuge gondola's acceleration reached 9 g's. A photograph of this facility is shown in figure 28 and the closeup of the gondola is shown in figure 29.
3. Pensacola trainer.--The pilots have had three opportunities to participate in weightlessness programs. Air Force pilots, MATS pilots, and F-100F aircraft were used. The parabolic fight technique is utilized to achieve this "zero-gravity" performance. Astronauts, after successful flights, experienced 5 minutes of weightlessness during the MR-3 flight. No adverse effects were observed.
4. MX-2155 multi-channel simulator.--The multipurpose simulator at the NASA Lewis Research Center was used for pilot indoctrination at high values of angular acceleration and rotation. This facility was designed to produce all three semistress conditions (G, fatigue, atmosphere) to stop the rotations. The pilots successfully maintained orientation far in excess of any which will be encountered in Project Mercury. A picture of this facility is shown in figure 30.
5. Escape training.--Although the pilot would normally stay within the capsule until rescue could be effected, such a decision might be desirable to facilitate rapid escape, in the event of high temperature punctures or veiling the escape system was not functioning properly. To accomplish escape training under realistic conditions, a Mark V pressure capsule was manufactured by McDonnell Aircraft Corporation. This model simulates the actual configuration of the pressure capsule of the flight version and affords the same degree of escape restriction. The pilot must partially don his restraint harness, communications, oxygen lines, and parachute, and then is fitted into the capsule. He then inflates his life-raft and ties it to the capsule to maintain the continuity of the recovery beacon. A photograph of one of the pilot-emerging from the pressure capsule is shown in figure 31.
For normal helicopter recovery, a procedure has been developed wherein under a controlled atmosphere, the recovery vehicles are lifted over the side hatch. The pilot then crawls through the side hatch into the sling and is lifted into the helicopter. This is the procedure that was used after Alan B. Shepard's Red-Cap flight.
Under emergency conditions, a much more rapid egress is possible through the capsule's side hatch.

- page 141 -

The image shows a human centrifuge at the U.S. Navy AMAL facility in Johnsville, Pennsylvania. The centrifuge appears to be a large, mechanical device with a chair-like structure mounted on an arm that can rotate rapidly to simulate high-g forces. A person is seated in the centrifuge, likely undergoing testing or training related to Project Mercury, the United States' first human spaceflight program.

PROJECT MERCURY
70

- page 142 -

The image shows a photograph of a Mercury astronaut inside the AMAL centrifuge cabin during Project Mercury. The image is labeled as "Figure 29. - Mercury astronaut in the AMAL centrifuge cabin."

PROJECT MERCURY
71
Figure 29. - Mercury astronaut in the AMAL centrifuge cabin.

- page 143 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a table titled "Project Mercury Major Rocket Tests" that lists various booster vehicles, their objectives, and the purpose of the tests.

PROJECT MERCURY
Project Mercury is now 2 1/4 years old. Since its inception, an extensive series of ground and flight test programs has been carried out, involving hundreds of wind tunnel and airplane drop tests and 15 successful major orbital flight tests. These have provided valuable information contributing to the development of a completely new and reliable system for manned space flight.

The Mercury Project has survived a number of problems and setbacks, but it has successfully matched major milestones one by one. Close cooperation between industrial associates, government agencies, and tracking stations is nearing completion. Table III contains the current planning, level requirements for the worldwide tracking and communications network.

TABLE I.—Project Mercury major rocket tests
Booster vehicle | Objectives | Purpose of test
Little Joe I | X | Test launch vehicle, Abort system escape, Boost dynamics
Little Joe II | X | High altitude abort and capsule stability tests
Little Joe V-A | X |High altitude escape system, Capsule qualification test
Mercury-Redstone 1 | X | Mercury-Redstone flight, Astronaut training, Escape system verification
Mercury Atlas I | X | Capsule did not separate, Atlas dynamic stability test
Mercury Atlas II | X | Atlas destroyed
Mercury Atlas III | X | Atlas destroyed
Mercury Redstone Booster | X | Nominal flight with Astronaut Shepard

The text above the table describes Project Mercury and its various test programs, while the table itself lists the specific booster vehicles used, the objectives achieved or not achieved, and the purpose of each test.

- page 144 -

The image appears to be a photograph showing a multiaxis motion simulation setup at the Lewis research center, as indicated by the caption "Multiaxis motion simulation at Lewis research center." The image depicts a complex mechanical structure with numerous interconnected parts and what appears to be a control station or observation area in the foreground.

PROJECT MERCURY
72
FIGURE 30. - Multiaxis motion simulation at Lewis research center.

- page 145 -

The image shows a Mercury astronaut undergoing training in a capsule egress procedure. The astronaut is shown floating in the water with a crane or some other equipment visible in the background, likely part of the training setup.

PROJECT MERCURY
73
FIGURE 31.- Mercury astronaut undergoing training in capsule egress procedures.

- page 146 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document discussing "Project Mercury" and describing the pilot activities during flight. The text describes the capsule system, its various subsystems and controls, and the pilot's ability to manually operate the capsule. The text also mentions Shepard's flight in MR-3, the manual control system used, and his observations of the rate and attitude indicators during the flight.

PROJECT MERCURY
Pilot activities during flight
Although the capsule is only 6 feet in diameter and 10 feet high, it contains a complex array of subsystems and manual controls. The attitude system, for example, is a complete subsystem with many needles of operation available to the pilot. The control system consists of a manual system and an automatic system. The pilot can select the direct manual mode in which, by means of a hand-controller, he makes all the decisions for the attitude control of the capsule. He can select the automatic mode in which the valves in the hydrogen peroxide lines, controlled by a separate set of gyroscopes, are automatically operated valves which are controlled by a separate set of gyroscopes. This automatic system is used to maintain any gyroscopic rate gyros in the attitude position. The capsule can be manually flown on instruments and visual cues, and the pilot can uncage the attitude gyros in the automatic system thereby permitting full attention to ground and sky observations and to reporting the behavior of the various capsule systems. In all, the pilot can select any of 20 different modes for the capsule control system.
Also controllable by the pilot in a number of different modes are the retrograde, retrorocket, sustaining, booster, and recovery systems. In addition to these, he can manually actuate the normal automatic requirements such as escape rocket firing, drogue deployment, and main parachute deployment, with complete control over the capsule operations. A high degree of flexibility is afforded the pilot in his control and selection of the various capsule operations.
During Shepard's flight in MR-3, the manual control system was used. The capsule orientation, rate, and attitude indicators were monitored by Shepard and observing the rate and attitude gathering instruments. He reported that the actual angular acceleration experienced in the fixed-base simulators, which made acceleration imperceptible to the pilot, was equally low torques on the capsule. He felt that the actual angular acceleration motion cue, which made the capsule motion real to him, was somewhat lacking in the fixed-base simulators. Shepard's flight procedures demonstrated the capability of the pilot to manually control the capsule through the transonic speed range and continued until the maximum dynamic pressure was encountered. He felt that although his vision was somewhat blurred during this second-vibration period, he could have maintained control.

- page 147 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an excerpt from a Project Mercury document discussing the program management and support organization.

PROJECT MERCURY
These vibrations were caused by aerodynamic turbulence which should reduce the turbulence and resultant vibrations.  Subsequent damped tethering from the capsule to adapter clamp ring. Subsequent dampened tethering or spring damping which should reduce the turbulence and resultant vibrations. Data from monitoring was very similar to that observed during his training session. His heart rate, respiration, and body temperature did not exceed 125 and his respiration was not difficult. The 5-minute duration of weightlessness was hardly noticeable because his vibrations were dampened with proper tethering and some external observations through the periscope and windows.  Results of the MR-I final pilot qualification that the pilot performed as expected from results of his training.  The capsule maintained full stability and control through the critical mission.

The Program Management and Support Organization
The major management structure for Project Mercury is shown in figure 22. The Space Task Group (fig. 32), at Langley Field, Va., has this responsibility for the overall project direction.
The Space Task Group is under the direction of Mr. Robert R. Gilruth, Chief of the Space Task Group, and Mr. Walter C. Williams.
Assisting the NASA organization, Project support is provided by the McDonnell Aircraft Corp. The Marshall Space Flight Center of NASA has the responsibility for providing the launching installation and associated equipment. The McDonnell Aircraft Corp. provides personnel services for preparation and launch of the Mercury capsules as selected contractors. McDonnell Aircraft Corp. provides Mercury capsules, and associated subcontractors provide the subsystems. McDonnell Aircraft Corp. provides personnel services for preparation and launch of the Mercury capsules, research, and development of support equipment, flight simulators, and other training equipment.
Major subcontractors to McDonnell are as follows:
Minneapolis-Honey well Co.: Environmental control system.
Bell Aircraft Corp.: Hydrogen-peroxide control system. Food Machinery Corp.: Escape tower-rocket controls.
Eagle-Picher Co.: Batteries.
Collins Radio Co.: Radio-communications system. 
Continental Testing Laboratories: Ablation heat shield.
Brush Beryllium: Beryllium heat shield.
Radiation Inc.: Division of North-Atlantic Logging system.
Grand Central Rocket Co.: Escape rocket.
Douglas Aircraft Corp.: Retro-rockets and pergrade rockets.
Barnes Instrument Co.: Horizon scanner.
The Atlas launch vehicle for Project Mercury are produced by Convair Astronautics and associated contractors under the management of the Air Force Ballistic Missiles Division and its associated management contractors (Aerospace) for launch of the Atlas vehicle.

- page 148 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be an organizational chart showing the management structure of the Project Mercury program, which was part of NASA's Space Task Group.

NASA
SPACE TASK GROUP
NASA
RESEARCH
CENTERS
NASA
MSFC
ATLAS
LAUNCH
VEHICLES
USAF
EMD
CONVAIR
SPACECRAFT
MCDONNELL
AIRCRAFT
COMPANY
DOD SUPPORT
FOR
OPERATIONS
RECOVERY
NETWORK
WESTERN
ELECTRIC
COMPANY
MEDICAL SUPPORT

- page 149 -

The image contains an organizational chart for the NASA Space Task Group, showing the different divisions and branches within the agency. There is no photograph present in this image, only the organizational diagram.

SPACE TASK GROUP 
Office of Director

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT
Procurement and Supply Office
Personnel Office
Budget and Finance Office
Administrative Services Office
Security Office

STAFF OFFICES
Astronautics and Training
Digital Computing Group
Public Affairs Office
Technical Services

FLIGHT SYSTEMS DIVISION
APOLLO PROJECT 
MERCURY SUPPORT

ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS BRANCH
Communications Systems Section
Range Instrumentation Systems Section
Flight Control Systems Branch

LIFE SYSTEMS BRANCH
Astronauts Medical Section
Crew Equipment Section
SYSTEMS ENGINEERING BRANCH
Electrical/Electronic Systems Section 
Mechanical Systems Section
Structural Analysis Section
Vibration Section

ENGINEERING DIVISION
MCDONNELL FIELD
CAPSULE COORDINATION OFFICE

CONTRACTS AND SCHEDULING BRANCH
Contract Section
Scheduling and Control Branch
PROJECT ENGINEERING BRANCH

OPERATIONS DIVISION
AMR
LAUNCH OPERATIONS

MISSION ANALYSIS BRANCH
Flight Schedules Section
Operational Analysis Section
Flight Control, Central and Flight Safety Section
Tracking and Ground Instrumentation Section
RECOVERY OPERATIONS BRANCH

LOCATED AT CANAVERAL
LAUNCH OPERATIONS BRANCH
Propulsion Section
Capsule Systems Section
Technical Services Section

- page 150 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Mercury program, which was part of the early U.S. human spaceflight program.

PROJECT MERCURY
The Atlas launch vehicles differ from standard missile launching vehicles in several important respects: the absence of the capsule, and in the provision of automatic in-flight failure sensing and cutoff. The vehicles for Project Mercury were produced by the Space American Aviation Co. and Douglas Chemical Co. to specifications consisting of little modification to existing test vehicles and beams. Short tests are the responsibility of Development Co. The MIT Lincoln Laboratories have provided technical assistance in the network planning and the West-ern Electric Co. has been given the principal responsibility for the planning and implementation of the Project Mercury ground tracking system. The MJT Lincoln Laboratories have provided technical assistance in the network planning and the Western Electric are listed on pages 51 and 52. In addition to planning and making contractual arrangements for the network construction, the Langley Research Center has arranged the provisions of tracking facilities and has participated in arrangements of instrumentation facilities and the assembly of tracking components. The Department of Defense provides a very broad range of support by the Air Force Ballistic Missiles Division in supplying and launching vehicles, the Army providing equipment and services of the Ordnance and other agencies, the Navy furnishing range and network support services. The Aerospace Medical Center of the Air Force has also supplied animal test packages for use during the Mercury flight test program. The Army Ballistic Missile Agency has made the MJT Lincoln Laboratories installation and facilities available, will provide a substantial share of DOD medical support to Project Mercury, and has supplied amphibious recovery vehicles for use in possible launch site recovery operations. The Army Ballistic Missile Agency facilities will be used for rehearsed and manned ballistic flights. The Agency has been given responsibility for the Mercury spacecraft recovery efforts of the Atlantic Fleet and Air Rescue Service at his command. JBPS services oceanologic vehicles, Marine helicopters, patrol aircraft and amphibians will be utilized for search and recovery operations. The Navy is also providing assistance in the construction of the Canaveral Island network stations, has leased command transmitter equipment to NASA, and has given a number of tracking radar to NASA.

- page 151 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document. It does not contain any photographs, only text.

PROJECT MERCURY
Naval Air Missile Center, Naval Air Development Center, Naval Parachute Facility, and the Pacific Missile Range, under U.S. Navy management, is aiding in the operation of the Cannon Islands and the southern California tracking stations.
Support by the Department of Defense has, in general, been excellent for any requests or agreements between NASA and the particular military service concerned. As a rule, these agreements cover and above normal military operations.
Overall coordination of Department of Defense support for Project Mercury is handled by Gen. Leighton I. Davis, USAF, Department of Defense representative for Project Mercury, and Mr. Walter C. Williams, Associate Director of Project Mercury.
In addition, scores of working-level committees and coordinating groups have been organized, to effect day-by-day coordination between NASA and the military services, and industry.
PROJECT MERCURY FUNDING
Initial funding for Project Mercury was provided in fiscal year 1959, when $46,416,333 was obligated for Mercury research and development.
In fiscal year 1960, the obligation for research and development totaled $54,570,000, and for construction and equipment $57,595,000.
The fiscal year 1961 figures include supplemental funding of $12,500,000 for construction and $5,500,000 for construction and equipment.
Early in fiscal year 1960, Congress was advised that NASA intended to transfer $15 million from research and development appropriations to construction and equipment for construction of the Mercury network. The fiscal year 1960 figures reflect this fund transfer.
For fiscal year 1961, the current allocation of funds is $69,525,000 for research and development and $15 million for construction and equipment.

- page 152 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Mercury report document. There is no photograph present in this image. The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

PROJECT MERCURY 79
Total Project Mercury funding allocations for fiscal year 1959 and 1960, and current allocation for fiscal year 1961, is, therefore, as follows:
Research and development:
Fiscal Year 1959-----------------------------------------$45,416,000
Fiscal Year 1960-----------------------------------------54,235,703
Fiscal Year 1961-----------------------------------------130,051,000
Total------------------------------------------------240,702,703

Construction and equipment:
Fiscal Year 1959-----------------------------------------2,425,000
Fiscal Year 1960-----------------------------------------35,792,000
Fiscal Year 1961-----------------------------------------15,000,000
Total-------------------------------------------------53,220,000

Total through fiscal year 1961--------------------------294,922,703
Proposed "Research and development", fiscal year 1962-74,215,000
Proposed "Construction of facilities", fiscal year 1962-None

Grand total through fiscal year 1962------------------368,200,703

CONCLUSIONS
Project Mercury is a tremendous undertaking. It involves concurrent efforts in research, development, engineering, manufacturing, test, and flight operations. It is being carried out on a national scale, directed by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and supported by the Department of Defense, industry, and research centers.
Project Mercury is one of the most comprehensive research and development programs ever undertaken in this country with respect to manned flight. A major problem is the necessity to attempt to solve many difficult obstacles which have not been satisfactorily met previously. Nevertheless, the ultimate key to the success of Mercury, the first manned-space flight program, successfully achieved on May 5, 1961.
Project Mercury is actually two research and development programs joined together by the capsule - the ballistic flight program utilizing an adapted Redstone vehicle, and the orbital flight program utilizing an adapted Atlas vehicle. The success of Project Mercury is dependent upon the ability of these two programs to solve and each contribute equally to achieving the ultimate goal of manned-space flight.
Project Mercury is progressing satisfactorily. Some slippage has occurred, but this is not unusual and is consistent with the complexity of the development programs and the development history of other large research and development programs. Project Mercury will make significant contributions to the follow-on manned-space flight programs, such as the NASA Apollo and the DOD Dyna-Soar programs.
It is considered in the present evaluation of Project Mercury that the success of this country's only current manned-space program.

- page 153 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document about Project Mercury, which was a NASA program for manned space flights.

PROJECT MERCURY
The cost of successfully completing Project Mercury could exceed one-half billion dollars, dependent upon the success of meeting the flight test and development goals as presently envisioned. Again, consideration must be given to the fact that Project Mercury is, in fact, two programs - a bold development program just to establish the basic capsule costs.
Some critics of Project Mercury believe that it is being overtaken by advancing technology; however, it appears that the state of the art provides the resources that such is the case. The Air Force plan calls for MIDAS and SAMOS as a parallel program as we progress in our approach to manned-space flight. The Discovery program is providing valuable data for future space endeavors. DOD and NASA participation in numerous missile and space program developments that would result in certain hardware developments and configuration of the capsule and the booster that would directly benefit the Mercury concept which is to achieve an early capability for orbiting.
Project Mercury is now 24 years old. Since its inception, an extensive development and flight test program has been carried out to meet major rocket launchings; the Mercury production capsules were designed and tested, and a major network of communications and tracking stations was completed and continuing readiness of both the systems and the institutions involved in their utilization for the Mercury Project have led to manning and unmanned-ballistic flights, leading to manned orbital flight.
Project Mercury continues to move forward in an atmosphere of confidence. Morale is high, hours are long, and the achievements of successful manned-orbital flight.

- page 154 -

The image contains a table titled "Table II - Ground instrumentation plan for Project Mercury". The table lists various station names and provides information about their radar coverage, telemetry, communication, command, acquisition, and ground communications capabilities. There is no photograph present in this image.

TABLE II - Ground instrumentation plan for Project Mercury

Station name,Coverage, passes,S C,Radar,Telemetry,Communication,Command,Acquisition,Ground communications
Canaveral,1, 2 and 3,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Grand Bahama,1, 2 and 3,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Grand Turk,1, 2 and 3,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Bermuda,1, 2 and 3,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Atlantic ship,1 and 2,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Grand Canary Island,1 and 2,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Kano, Nigeria,1 and 2,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Indian Ocean ship, 1, 2 and 3,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Muchea, Australia,1, 2 and 3,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Woomera, Australia,1, 2 and 3,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Canton Island, 1 and 2,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Guaymas, Mexico,1 and 2,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Point Arguello, Calif.,1, 2 and 3,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Guaymas, Mexico,1 and 2,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
White Sands,1, 2 and 3,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Corpus Christi, Tex.,1, 2 and 3,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Eglin, Fla.,1, 2 and 3,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X
Goddard Space Flight Center*,1, 2 and 3,X,X,X,X,X,X,X,X

* MPQ-31 sub-functions: FA - fully automatic; SA - semi-automatic; M - manual; SSB - single sideband.

- page 155 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a report from Project Blue Book. The text on the page is as follows:

APPENDIX
NASA-DOD agreements:
Air Force Missile Test Center (AFMTC) - NASA space task group
Air Force Missile Test Center (AFMTC) - NASA space task group
NASA-DOD Agreements

- page 156 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a text-based document containing an agreement between the Air Proving Ground Center and the NASA Space Task Group concerning the reimbursement of costs related to Project Mercury.

Agreement Between the Air Proving Ground Center and the NASA-Space Task Group Concerning Principles Governing Reimbursement of Costs

(1) On November 12, 1959, by Deputy Secretary of Defense Oates and NASA Administrator for Kaplan, under the provisions of Section 203(b)(2) of the National Aeronautics and Space Act of 1958, an agreement was signed governing the reimbursement of costs incurred by DOD for NASA-directed services, equipment, personnel, and facilities and in transferring equipment and supplies...

(A) Agreement concerning the provisions of support peculiar to Project Mercury which is in addition to common range support is that normally provided as part of the range service, commonly known to the majority of users will be reimbursable...

(B) Exemptions of nonreimbursable items: (1) Salaries of radar operators at existing stations. (2) Base time used during normally scheduled periods...

(D) Budget estimates and financial administration: (1) Two copies of the fiscal year 1962 budget estimates for Project Mercury and fiscal year 1961 financial plan for Project Mercury and $2...

- page 157 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document, specifically an "AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE AIR FORCE MISSILE TEST CENTER (AMR) AND THE NASA SPACE TASK GROUP" dated April 11, 1960. The document discusses the purpose of the agreement, which is related to the reimbursement of costs incurred by the DOD or NASA for services, equipment, and facilities under the agreement established for the Air Force Missile Test Center.

PROJECT MERCURY
two copies of future budget estimates and financial plans will be sub-
mitted to NASA at the time of normal submission to Headquarters
ARDC. These annual re-estimats may be affected thereby, and:
SUBMIT future budget estimates from all ranges were
submitted to NASA monthly by AMR) for review of format
(2) Service order and billing.
issue service requisitions requesting services and authorizing billings there-
for based on range estimates. In accordance with this policy AFERC
will submit monthly billings AMIR) for services. Reimbursement costs broken
down in the same way NASA bills will follow,
NASA Space Task Group will
Budget and Finance Office:
Langley Field, Va.
(3) Effective date of agreement.—This agreement is
effective immediately, but the provisions may by mutual agreement, be
revised at any time based upon experience of the administration of the
provisions of this agreement.

Director of Project Mercury,
JOE W. KELLY,
General, USAF.
APRIL 11, 1960.
AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE AIR FORCE MISSILE TEST CENTER (AMR) 
AND THE NASA SPACE TASK GROUP
CONCERNING REIMBURSEMENT OF COSTS
(1) Purpose.—A DOD-NASA agreement, signed November 12,
1959, by Deputy Secretary of Defense Gates and NASA Adminis-
trator Glennan, established the procedures to cover reimbursement of
costs incurred by DOD or NASA in support of the other's space vehicle
programs governing the reimbursement of costs incurred by DOD or
NASA in support of the other's space vehicle programs, equipment,
personnel, and facilities and for transferring equipment and supplies.
This DOD-NASA agreement in the main outlines the general provisions
which this agreement is established.
(2) General range support.—Common Range
Support is that normally provided as a part of the Air Force Missile Test Center
range to support peculiar to Project Mercury which is in addition to common
Range Support. Common Range Support is defined, for purpose's of
this agreement, to include but is not limited to: AFMTC (AMR)
services, as a least range services, missiles, drones, and
telemetry equipment, computation services, manpower, and evaluation
of test results determined by data acquisition and reduction facilities at AMR.
Common range Support is that normally provided as a part of the main
service of AMR. It will be programmed, budgeted, and
provided by AMR, and billed to NASA at actual cost of operating existing
of operating existing stations with the general, the reimbursable.

- page 158 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document that outlines examples of nonreimbursable items, including salaries of radar operators, support personnel, and estimates for Project Mercury.

PROJECT MERCURY
(1) Examples of nonreimbursable items:
(a) Salaries of radar operators at existing stations.
(b) Range time usage, normally scheduled periods.
(c) Support personnel to Project Mercury, necessary sup-port, only other reimbursable support would not be provided by the Range except for Project Mercury requirements.
(1) Examples of reimbursable support:
(a) Total operating costs of new stations established for Project Mercury.
(b) Travel, transportation of things, per diem, and communications incurred on behalf of Atlantic Ocean ships.
(c) Port facility expenses for the Atlantic Ocean ship will be non-reimbursable since it will be used in support of Project Mercury as AFTIC (AMR) facilities already exist as common use support.
(2) Conflicts or inconsistencies in billings or any special cases which arise will be brought to the attention of the DOD representative on the Master Project Mercury staff for appropriate position for NASA.
(D) Budget estimates and financial administration: - (1) Two copies of the fiscal year 1960 and fiscal year 1961 financial plan for Project Mercury and two copies of the future budgeted estimates and financial plans will be submitted to NASA at the time of normal submission to Headquarters, USAF.
(1) This plan will be revised April 1, 1960 and again September 1, 1960 and the revised plan will be submitted to NASA through AFMTC (AMR) for review of format and content.
(2) NASA Space Task Group will issue the necessary instructions and will be the sole liaison-contracting agency in dealing with AFMTC (AMR) for the submission of monthly billings on S.F. 1080 showing actual costs incurred, directly to:

NASA - Space Task Group
Budget and Finance Office
Langley Field, Virginia

This document is effective immediately, but the provisions may be revised at any time based upon experience of the two organizations.

ROBERT R. GILBERT
Director of Project Mercury

DONALD W. YATES
Major General, USAF.
March 28, 1960.

- page 159 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Mercury, which was a U.S. human spaceflight program. The text in the document outlines an agreement between the Chief of Naval Operations and the NASA Space Task Group, detailing the principles and procedures for reimbursement of various costs incurred in participation with recovery operations.

The text of the document is as follows:

PROJECT MERCURY

AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE CHIEF OF NAVAL OPERATIONS AND THE 
NASA SPACE TASK GROUP

Subject: Principles and procedures for reimbursement of costs incurred in participation with recovery operations.

Reference: (a) Discussion 2053(b)(6): National Aeronautics and Space
Act of 1958. 
(b) Agreement between the Department of Defense and
National Aeronautics and Space Administration, 
dated 21 JUN 1959.

1. Background: As outlined in reference (b), the National Aeronautics and Space Administration is authorized, with their consent, to utilize the personnel, services, equipment, facilities and other resources of the Department of Defense, with or without reimbursement, and requires such agencies to cooperate fully with the NASA in such regard. Reference (a) sets forth the general principles governing the reimbursement of the Department of Defense by NASA for the use of its services, personnel, equipment and supplies.

2. Purpose: It is the purpose of this agreement to-
a. Outline the elements of cost incident to NASA's participation
in recovery operations outside the normal NASA budgetary and accounting procedures.
b. Provide a sound basis for budgetary planning and to insure 
that such budgetary costs involved are adequately funded.

3. Definitions: Recovery operations include, but are not necessarily limited to: pickup and ships, craft, aircraft, training and tests of various types at predetermined bases or areas in relation to the particular mission, search and recovery of personnel and devices of recovery techniques.

4. Basis for reimbursement and allowable costs:
a. Ship days and aircraft hours utilized in direct support of Project Mercury operations, and therefore subject to reimbursement, are determined by the Chief, Force(s) in computing the ship days and aircraft hours subject to the provisions of this agreement. It is recognized that a portion of the total hours down-incident to direct support of Project Mercury may be unique Navy effort such as training and other activity, Navy readiness requirements such as squadron shakedown and sea trials. The determination thereof shall be made, as above, by the fleet commander or his designated representative(s).
b. Based upon prevailing Bureau of Ships and Bureau of Weapons cost factors, the following schedules shall be included in arriving at the total reimbursable cost.

- page 160 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Mercury document containing text detailing the cost of a ship day and aircraft type vessel and aircraft, which are subject to reimbursement by NASA. The text covers various aspects such as non-scheduled repairs, fuel consumption, costs of overhauls, and various cost estimates related to Project Mercury.

PROJECT MERCURY
The cost of a ship day and aircraft type vessel and aircraft, 
which are subject to reimbursement by NASA:
(1) Ships:
(a) Non-scheduled repairs, based on current experience, by 
type calculated on a ship-day basis.
(b) Scheduled repairs and supplies, and spare parts.)
based on current consumption by ship type, calculated on a ship-
day basis.
(c) Fuel, based on average barrels consumed per hour under-
way X 24 hours = Navy stock fund price per barrel.
(2) Aircraft:
(a) Non-scheduled repairs, hourly cost, by type, to include:
(b) Lube oil.
(c) Consumable supplies and spare parts.
(d) Prorated cost of airframe rework and engine overhaul,
as authorized under current NASA contracts or supplemental
agreements, to be applied as a monthly fixed charge per aircraft.
(e) Costs on installability and removal of NASA furnished equipment.
7. Costs on installability and removal of NASA furnished equipment.
Travel, per diem, telephone costs, photography, and other incidental costs of Project expenditures.
For the administration and control of financial administration.--R. Estimates.--
Fiscal year 1960 and fiscal year 1961 budget estimates of the cost of 
support of Project Mercury will be submitted to NASA as required.  NASA will 
determine on an individual project basis the requirements, and will order and 
direct the contractor. Accordingly, both estimates and orders are subject
to such determinations. Charges: (1) Charges for actual ship days and aircraft hours, 
subject to limitation billings, billed monthly, will be billed quarterly. 
(2) Charges for costs incurred by a field activity of the Shore Establishment will be billed by the field activity concerned on a monthly 
or less frequent basis, as mutually agreed. (3) Billings on I-1050 will be submitted monthly to NASA-Space Task 
Group Budget and Finance Office, Langley Field, Virginia.

Dated March 30, 1960.

Roger B. Chauncey
Director of Project Mercury.

J. B. Whittaker
Vice Chief of Naval Operations.

- page 161 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Mercury, a space program conducted by the United States government.

PROJECT MERCURY
DEPARTMENT OF STATE
DIVISION OF LANGUAGE SERVICES
(Translation)

MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS
Madrid, March 18, 1960.

No. 191.
HIS EXCELLENCY W. PARK ARMSTRONG,
Charge d'Affaires ad interim of the United States of America, Madrid.

EXCELLENCY: I have the honor to refer to your note No. 397, dated March 11, the Spanish translation of which I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note. Excellency, I have the honor to refer to present discussions between our two Governments regarding the program of scientific non-military cooperation between Spain and the United States, as proposed by your Government, for scientific non-military purposes, a facility for which is required by the United States as part of a world-wide network of tracking stations assisting in connection with its manned satellite program, known as "Project Mercury", under which the United States is undertaking certain activities into orbital flight and other space exploration.

"The Government of Spain, desiring to cooperate with the United States in this scientific program and anxious to contribute to the knowledge of man's spatial environment and its properties, has authorized the establishment of a tracking and communications facility for such purposes on Grand Canary Island. Such a facility is required by the United States as part of a world-wide network of tracking stations assisting in connection with its manned satellite program, known as "Project Mercury", under which the United States is undertaking certain activities into orbital flight and other space exploration.

"The Government of the United States, for its part, shall consider this contribution as a useful one for the establishment and operation of the facility to be located at the southern end of the Grand Canary Island, the site of which has been concurrently approved by the two Governments. The United States Government shall be represented by the Instituto Nacional de Tecnica Aeronautica, hereinafter referred to as the 'INTA'.

"The Government of the United States, for its part, shall consider the establishment of this facility as a useful contribution to the program of scientific non-military cooperation between Spain and the United States. Accordingly, the Government of the United States accepts the offer of the Government of Spain to establish this facility and agrees to the following general principles and procedures:

..."

- page 162 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Mercury document discussing the requirements and agreements for the installation of telecommunication and telegraph facilities, construction of necessary supporting buildings and structures, and the arrangements with the Government of Spain.

SS
PROJECT MERCURY
requirements cannot be made local telephone and telegraph facilities:
and necessary supporting buildings and structures for offices, storage,
housing, sanitation, and personnel. Buildingsprovided necessary. Buildings
will generally be of a standard prefabricated type, transportable in
sections.
Equipment to be installed at the site by equip-
ment to be installed as a part of the facility.
Range, If any, shall be used by the United States and subject to Spain's
obligations under international conventions. The Government of Spain
shall authorize the use of radio frequencies required for the purposes
of the facility. However, the high frequency channels shall be determined by mutual agreement with Spain's Government which shall be
used. All radio operations and transmissions shall be conducted so as not to cause interference with Spanish
allocations.
By agreement of the two Governments, a United States con-
tractor has been assigned to construct the facility. The contractor
shall furnish all material necessary for the erection of the structures
employed and labor to perform the required work. Materials and supplies needed shall be exempt from Spanish customs duties. The Government of Spain shall, upon request of the contractor, assist him
in the local procurement of supplies and services required for the
performance of the work.
The special electronic equipment and related equipment required for the facility shall be United States-type equipment and shall
be installed by United States technicians.
The Government of Spain shall, upon request, take the necessary steps to facilitate the entry into Spain of the personnel, equipment, materials and other items of property furnished by the Government of the United States for the purposes of the facility. Spanish authorities shall be informed in advance through ICMA of the
contents of such shipments. No duty or charge shall be levied
or assessed, either by the Government of Spain or by any other
Spanish authorities, on materials, equipment, supplies, or other
items imported into Spain by the Government of the United States
for use in connection with the facility on the Island of Grand Canary.
No tax or other materials. equipment or other items of movable
property used in connection with the facility shall remain vested in
the Government of the United States. All such property shall become the property of Spain upon completion or earlier termination
of this agreement, unless the Government of the United States shall
otherwise direct.
Material, equipment and property of the Government of the
United States at the facility may be removed free of taxes or duties
by the Government of the United States at any time.
The facility shall be operated by NASA personnel either directly or by
contract with a United States firm. Operational personnel shall be of
United States nationality and shall be utilized in connection with the
operation of the facility. NASA and INTA, shall cooperate to ensure full access by
INTA to the facility in order to make possible a full exchange of
information concerning the technical data and the operations employed and the use
to which the facility is being put.

- page 163 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to "Project Mercury" and contains text discussing various agreements and arrangements between the government of Spain and the United States.

PROJECT MERCURY
"11. (a) The Government of Spain shall take the necessary steps to facilitate admission to the Island of Grand Canary of such United States personnel as may be required for the facility or participation construction and effective use of the station. Their names and other pertinent information shall be promptly communicated to the Government of Spain.
(b) Personal and household effects of United States personnel (including personnel of NASA contractors and subcontractors) may be imported into Spain duty free of taxes, customs duties or other charges or restrictions. In addition, United States military or civil personnel with the facility shall not constitute a taxable basis under conditions approved by the Government of Spain.
12. (a) The Government of the United States anticipates that the facility will be required for use until July 1, 1963. The Government of Spain agrees that during this period the operation of the facility shall be authorized and that it shall have the right to continue its use of the facility by giving ninety days' advance notice to the Government of the United States.
(b) Subject to the foregoing conditions, the Government of the United States for the facility prior to July 1, 1963, shall have the right to determine its use of the facility by giving ninety days' advance notice to the Government of Spain. 
13. Supplementary arrangements between NASA and INTA shall be made from time to time regarding the carrying out of the purposes and provisions of this Agreement.
All funds used in the implementation of this Agreement by the Congress of the United States, it is subject to the availability of such funds.
If the foregoing general and procedures are acceptable to your Excellency's Government, I have the honor to propose that this effect shall constitute an Agreement between our two Governments on this matter which shall enter into force on the date on which you indicate your concurrence.
For your consideration. I request, Sir, that you accept the assurance of my high consideration.
(Signed) FERNANDO CASTIELLA.

- page 164 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be the title page of a document from a hearing before the Committee on Science and Astronautics, U.S. House of Representatives, on the topic of "Inflatable Structures in Space", held on May 19, 1961.

INFLATABLE STRUCTURES IN SPACE

HEARING
BEFORE THE
COMMITTEE ON 
SCIENCE AND ASTRONAUTICS
U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
EIGHTY-SEVENTH CONGRESS
FIRST SESSION
MAY 19, 1961
[NO. 12]
Printed for the use of the Committee on Science and Astronautics

U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE
WASHINGTON : 1961

- page 165 -

