The image appears to be a page from a Project 10073 record card, which is likely part of the Project Blue Book UFO investigation documents. The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 25 Feb 61
2. LOCATION: Sheboygan, Wisconsin
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 0235 14
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: a. Ground-Visual
5. COURSE: Straight  
6. SOURCE: Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 seconds
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Bright object high up in the sky, no trail, no sound, rapid motion, disappeared over the horizon in about 30 seconds. Object appeared to be silvery or golden color.
11. COMMENTS: Request for additional info sent, no additional photo or information received.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing handwritten text. As an OCR system, I will now produce the output of all the text found in the document:

Sheboygan, Wisconsin 
Oct 31, 1961 

U.S. Air Force 
Contingency File 
Washington, D.C.

Dears sir: 
Since hand over fraction of a man paper that the air force had furnished investigation of while the case they have kept pretty quiet on. Can we assume this is a file of some nature out of this office. USAF said be of no help on this paper as it clears have started a complete circle and have met a stone wall. The thing has a few of its own men and space craft bet, if this so we know more about it it would be of great help as we no what to spend and who to contact to get added information on. 
On Oct.28 I had written to the Colorado Project Office for more information on the case, and have received no reply as of yet. We are quite anxious to find out more about the papers handed to us as they seem to have a glittering unmeriting mark + smell of pine and a rather unique design not consistant with any known aircraft. 
Please assist us if possible.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

Toward the east children; my sights the of heart of my family as they leave the house. Mrs. we were in the paper were the to tell that they have not found my. face of these people is, I hope you it was been easy to what this incident to you.

This is our location.

We have about 60 miles north of Sheboygan, Wis. on the New U.S. Highway 141 on to miles North of Sheboygan Wis. on 141. Hoping this information is of value to you.

Kindly acknowledge. Yours truly,

[Redacted]
Sheboygan, Wisconsin.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed letter on a page.

Text of the letter:

6 November 1961

Dear Mrs. _____,

It is highly unlikely that the "glittering lights" that you reported could have been the USAF PROJECT BLUE BOOK objects. Scientifically, the most refined and powerful optical and electronic methods have thus far failed to locate these ball-like metallic objects.

However, I would like to thank you for your interest and sense of duty in reporting your observation.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM T. COLEMAN, JR.
MAJOR, USAF
Information Project Officer
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Sheboygan, Wisconsin

- page 4 -

