The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: NOV 61
2. LOCATION: SAN MATEO, CALIF.
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: LOCAL 2200
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: G Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS: O Yes
6. DURATION: 1 MIN.
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 MIN
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: UNKNOWN
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Strange object in sky. Visible for 1 min. Seemed about 12' long. 1 light had tail 2' long.
11. COMMENTS: Request for additional info not to be entered. No confirming data. Case listed as insufficient data.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Dear Mr. President-
I know you are a busy man, but I have to write you about a strange incident. I saw this good old U.S.P. object twice during a day. We thought at first it could be an aircraft but it was not. I waited at 5:45 A.M. and looked up with the glass and saw this strange object which I watched for some time. Then I tried to go to say the Civil Defense Center but found that they were closed. I could not contact them and I thought I had better write you about it directly. I hope this has reached you.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph or image contained in this scanned document page. The image shows handwritten text on a document.

As per your request, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

To call regarded the police dept. They were more curious as to what i saw than helpful. It was a small disc of some kind, about the size of a large hubcap, and they basically said it was still being investigated.

They did come and get their description and what I told them. However there was still many unanswered questions and I'm not sure where the investigation went.

Where does one go?? The case was quickly dismissed, as many of these reports. The news media were only interested in the strange and bizarre, and very little real concern for what was happening or coming. The descriptions vary but I'm not sure it makes any difference, They put the citizen off as if it was nothing and unimportant. I don't wish to pressure, where does one go for a reasonable explanation and concern?

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

The defense or is it heart to really report that
I turn 4. years old able
I have never seen such objects before. 
CA Morris, I thought the defense department would have them to ask them to come.
I thought as a citizen, I was doing my duty, but I guess, really I am just
Perhaps from wanting something unusual, it seem angles. I soon be it clear could I have and
by was the brought. I that I called so.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a handwritten document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

To rome this very important
weiland the following-
This is the accurate
description - I might tell
you my main point about
10 inches each in dameter
about 375.00 The one
On the right had a white
tall about 375. long, in
they stay in one position
until daylight. Sincerely yours

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text related to a proposed tunnel shelter and a traffic jam on Bayshore.

Transcribing the text from the document:

TUNNEL SHELTER PROPOSAL TOLD
DAILY CITY - A proposal that construct a 2,000 square foot community center building in Westlake divide the sides of a mountains to serve as a tunnel shelter was discussed in the Western sections of San Mateo, it was learned Monday.
A group of members of the Westlake Improvement Association appeared to present that their entrance to the new school on the San Mateo side of the tunnel will create a traffic hazard on Skyline Blvd.
Police Chief W. Stein of 397 Fairlawn Dr. said that the formation of the group was aimed apparently to defeat the second entrance on the eastern side that would pass too close to Fernando Rivera school. The council denied a previous appeal for the destruction of a pedestrian overpass near the Fernando Rivera school.

TRAFFIC JAM ON BAYSHORE
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO - Traffic on Bayshore freeway was jammed late night when a traffic signal that flashed to allow traffic from Junipero Serra Blvd. for the Emeryville traffic was discontinued, said the California Highway Patrol. A company spokesmen said the traffic was normal before the signals went off, but after it was discontinued, the traffic had been jammed.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. The image contains only newspaper text.

Transcript of the text in the document:

4-The Times Tuesday, Nov. 14, 1961 Southern Crossing Is Debated

MILLBRAE- A southern crossing of the Bay "should be delayed several" months, Frank Stallman, San Mateo county planning director, reported Wednesday to the advisory committee on a public hearing next month.

It is recommended that the north-south crossing should be delayed until that meeting when more information would be available, Stallman said. The crossing, known as Candlestick Park, has comments pro and con arose from various sections of the district. 

Assemblyman Carl Britschgi will appear before the group on Wednesday, November 22, and the committee on November 29, with the section members on November 29.

Center Plans Reviewed

City planners examined plans for the proposed $500,000 Hills-dale Professional center at 2135 Flores street, just south of Twenty-fifth avenue in Hillsborough, taken November 27.

The building will include a coffee shop, barber shop and meeting rooms. Originally the land was zoned for highrise apartment houses, but the revised applicant, property owner John Pasbrig, plans to use the land differently.

Belmont Reviews Plans

BELMONT - A report on the city would have to set up to fulfill the currant capital budget of the planned civil agency, considers property, recreational projects for land improvement projects, its population growth and a proposed urban renewal project was presented by Mayor Kenneth Dickerson and Councilman J. C. Rehsland at a public meeting in San Mateo here.

In answer to a recommendation some time ago by the Belmont Citizens for Better Government that the city council adopt a comprehensive plan, Dickerson said that the city is preparing for such a plan.

In the first place, Dickerson said, the city is operating as most other cities on the Peninsula by having a basic or general plan which would build future city development.

Recommendations and suggestions for improvements from various civic groups are now under consideration and study as to their feasibility, cost and projected needs by the people of Belmont, the mayor stated.

Councilman Rehsland reported that the recreation commission is planning a "quick program" for development of the 21 acres the city acquired in the Redwood Shores area for future use as a recreation center, with tennis courts to be installed first as an overpass.
Filling of the dump site is being done so rapidly, the council-man said, that he is proposing to the commission that they be asked to scout large for temporary use as a recreation center, with restroom facilities.

It was brought to the attention of the committee that improved public facilities, including buildings, are contemplated and planned. Property acquisition for the new library build-ing in Belmont Park, development of the marina and recreation areas adjacent to the main reservoir have been underway, the council was told.
With a total budget of $1,850,000 in the capital budget, Dickerson said that a report on the financing of these proposed improvements and their priorities will be made public soon. This could run into money, he added, however, that a rehabilitation program of improvement he estimated is possibly more than $600,000, which could run into more money.

Plans and suggested improvements that may by city officials still are under study in the process of securing information on the needs, probable costs and financing of the proposed program.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The Office of the President has asked the Air Force to reply to the witness concerning a reported sighting. The letter requests the witness to complete and return the enclosed questionnaire, as their interest in reporting the sighting they witnessed is appreciated. The letter is signed by C. R. Carlson, Colonel, USAF, Chief, Public Information Division, Office of Information.

The document also lists some information related to SAFOI-3C readers, SAFOI-3C casseback, and SAFOI-1 reader, as well as 2 copies for IAL.

- page 8 -

