There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 13 JAN 61
3. LOCATION Bothell, Washington
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
5. PHOTO OR FILM Y  Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 6 min.
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 6 min.
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
9. COURSE Straight & level

The text in the document states the observation was made in Bothell, Washington on January 13, 1961. The type of observation was Ground-Visual, and a photograph or film was taken (Yes). The length of observation was 6 minutes, and there was 1 object observed that traveled straight and level.

- page 1 -

The image contains two sketches. 

The first sketch shows a curved horizon line with an object above it. The text indicates that the object was seen above the horizon.

The second sketch shows a landscape with a person standing on a road in the middle. The text mentions that this represents the position of the object when the witness first saw it.

Transcription of the text:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve 
that the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the 
sketch to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline).

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw 
it. Refer to a smaller sketch to compare the size and position when you first saw it.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire-style format.

Text Output:
34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Partly clouded
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thunderstorms
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Colonel Carl H. F.

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Yes
b. No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) 
a. Yes
b. No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)
a. Yes 
b. No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other objects?
My other sightings took place: in 1958 in Bothell, Washington; in 1959 in Everett, Washington; and in April 1960 in Bothell, Washington. All sightings of similar unidentified objects.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It seems to have been a flying object, the town 30 miles north of the report seems to have had some connection to a nearby airbase, but I doubt that it was a conventional aircraft. I am not certain but it could have been some kind of experimental aircraft or missile being tested in that area.

- page 3 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a document with a series of questions, including questions about estimating the speed and distance of an observed object, as well as personal information about the witness.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? About 2000 MPH

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 30 miles away

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: Restain, 21 years old
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be of interest: Report will be sent to your office this a.m.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: January 21, 1961

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a form used to collect and record information about UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and used as accurately as possible, the following space is write out a short description of the event that you observed. Give information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further description if they are needed. Try to present the information in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be used if necessary.
NAME: Jesse Pratt
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: January 29, 1961

The text in the document describes the details of a UFO sighting, including the witness's observations, the objects' movements, and other details. However, the specific text has been redacted to protect the witness's privacy.

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a blank page with a caption that reads "BEST PHOTO OF HOUSE IS FIRST REPORT THIS AM" and some additional text below it, but the page itself is blank.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

BEST PHOTO OF HOUSE IS FIRST REPORT THIS AM
The house, per description and in about the way it was in photograph

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it is a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

18 January 1961

Dear Mrs [REDACTED],

Your letter of 11 January 1961 has been forwarded to me. An investigation of the alleged observation of an unidentified object on the night of 7 January 1961, in the Bothell, Washington area, has been conducted. There was insufficient evidence to confirm the existence of any unusual aerial phenomena that night.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
Washington

SUBJECT: MEMORANDUM FOR: SAFLL
DATE:
1. The appropriate boxes have been marked to indicate action required on this correspondence.
2. The first addresses of this memorandum has action responsibility. Staff, including all necessary coordination with other Air Staff agencies, be prepared to respond as indicated to other addressees.

PREPARATION OF A REPLY IN FINAL FORM FOR SIGNATURE IN THE OFFICE
PREPARATION OF A DRAFT OF A PROPOSED REPLY
INFORMATION UPON WHICH TO BASE A REPLY
COMMENT ON CONCURRENCE WITH ATTACHED
DIRECT REPLY, PLEASE PROVIDE SAFLL WITH COPY OF REPLY.

SAFLL ACTION OFFICER:

EXTENSION:
INSTRUCTIONS: COORDINATION SHOULD BE ACCOMPLISHED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AFM 11-1 and PARA 1-6 OF AFR 11-1. REPLY SHOULD BE FURNISHED IN FINAL FORM FOR SIGNATURE AND FORWARDING. LETTER SHOULD SERVE AS A GUIDE FOR REPLY, RECOMMENDATIONS SHOULD BE MADE, AND ENCLOSURES RETURN.

REMARKS: Please state name and extension of Action Officer on return memorandum.

GORDON A. KNIGHT
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Congressional Inquiry Division

RETURN THIS MEMORANDUM WITH CORRESPONDENCE

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a written report.

Carl R. Nilsson
Organizational Inquiry Division
Office of Legislative Liaison
Air Force Systems Command
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:
On January 19, 1961, a copy of a letter of mine addressed to Senator John F. Kennedy was sent to you.

Now I come again with a second report and am satisfied that I have the proper information.

Yesterday, January 29, 1961, at the hour of 7:20 not quite light and not quite dark, I observed three bright objects in the sky traveling in a southeasterly direction at a great speed. The objects were approximately one half the size of a bright star and were flying in perfect formation, one slightly ahead of the other two. They were not airplanes, neither were they birds. As they passed over I was so startled that it was not brilliant or ostentatious as a weapon of war, it was but a normal glide and so I would not have thought much of it except that my daughter who was outside at the time also saw them. We were both greatly impressed.

I am not an advocate of flying saucers or strange "space craft", so I have to confess that I was somewhat shaken by this sighting. I know they were not airplanes, they were not birds, and I am reasonably certain they were not satellites or anything that we know is man-made and orbiting the earth. Incidentally, the sighting lasted 7 to 10 seconds which seems to me a rather long time for this type of object.

It is interesting to note that I have seen some things at night that may have been stars or planets, but I can confidently state that what I saw yesterday was definitely not a normal celestial body. Unless you can offer some reasonable explanation, I am forced to conclude that they were some type of unidentified flying object.

I would appreciate your comments on this report and any information you may have on similar sightings in this area. Thank you for your attention to this matter.
Sincerely yours,
[redacted]

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about a reported unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

OCR Output:
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be confidential material. Your name and address will be used only for further details.

We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2. Time of day:
January 23 1961  9:00 AM

3. Time Zone*: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Approximately 2 miles east of Bothell, Washington

5. How long was object in sight? 6 MINUTES

5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Estimate

6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: Hazy, but some white clouds in sky
NIGHT: a. Clear b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you

ATIC FTN 164 this form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 OCT 54.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire for an observer who reported seeing an unidentified object.

Text from the document:

D. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? NO

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or any time? Briefly at first Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Change color? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Appear to disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): YES If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: 

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No for each)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No 

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other

- page 11 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten sketch of a UFO sighting. The text below the sketch indicates that the object was seen on 8-6-15 near Bothell, Washington. The sketch shows a shape that is described as having "a bright star like appearance" and being "like a bright star". No other photograph is present in this particular page of the document.

Now acting as an OCR system, I will transcribe all the text found in the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Brilliant, clear and star like in appearance

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc, and especially without trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

ALMOST SOME AREA:
UFO SEEN ON 8-6-15

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Giving off light or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 3.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, with a series of questions and instructions for the observer.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. The amount of the object covered by the match stick will give the angular size of the sighting. If you had performed this, how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words any object or objects which, when pieced up in the sky, would give the same appearance which you saw. Avoid using such technical terms as "spherical" or "saucer-like" - tell it exactly as you saw it. Take a little time to think this through carefully.

- page 13 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

Here is the text extracted from the document using OCR:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In the country (rural)
d. Near an airport
e. Flying over a city
f. Flying over open country?

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was going to the sink to do drinking water. I saw the object as I was going to the sink. It seemed to be hanging in the sky, it was rather large and round in appearance. It remained stationary for several minutes and then took off at a very high rate of speed.

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. Southwest 
28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees if was viewed from the horizon.
31.1 When it first appeared: ___ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: ___ degrees.

- page 14 -

