The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form titled "PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD" that contains various fields to be filled out, such as date, location, type of observation, source, number of objects, and a summary of the sighting. The text in the form has been filled out, but there is no image or photograph visible in the provided image.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE 3 Aug 51
2. LOCATION Kentland, Indiana
3. DATE-TIME GROUP Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Radar
5. SOURCE Ground-Radar
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 10 Mins.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Radar operators were part of a routine training mission on 3 Aug 51 when an unknown target was picked up on radar. The target was tracked for approx 10 mins and was observed to make several abrupt changes in course and speed. Target was lost when it climbed out of range. No visual sighting or photo. Conventional aircraft could not do what this target did. Possibility that it may have been a remote controlled or radio controlled model. However, this seems unlikely due to size and maneuverability of the target.
11. COMMENTS: Brief description as indicated above. Radar operators were experienced and reliable. Phenomena of such nature as to indicate something out of the ordinary. Could not be identified as any known type of aircraft or other object. Movements and performance characteristics were inconsistent with any known aircraft.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (type)
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
(Handwritten response)

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 2 -

The image contains two sketches depicting visual perspectives of a UFO sighting. The larger sketch on the left shows the witness's view of the UFO when they first saw it, with the object shown as a curved, arched shape. The smaller sketches on the right provide additional perspectives on the UFO's appearance.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to the smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various multiple-choice and fill-in-the-blank questions about the witness's sighting of an unidentified object.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and address:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

The text from the document is as follows:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.2 Please list their names and address:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a questionnaire or form filled out by an individual.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)
Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) 
Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Street, [Redacted], [Redacted] [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: 19 Sex: M 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
AT THE TIME REMAINED CALMLY OBSERVER AND RATIONAL THROUGHOUT OBSERVATION.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: Oct 19 1961
(Day) (Month) (Year)

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. However, it does contain handwritten text on a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image:

On the evening of August 3, 1961, the writer was alerted that a sighting had been reported from a farm in the Kentland, Indiana area. The writer, accompanied by several officers, went to the location to investigate. The persons reporting the incident were a husband and wife who lived on an isolated farm. 

They stated that at approximately 9:30 p.m. on August 3, 1961, they were in their farm yard when they observed a bright light in the sky to the south. The light was moving slowly and erratically, at times appearing to stop and hover, and then move off in a different direction. The light was observed for about 20 minutes before it disappeared from view.

The witnesses stated that the object appeared to be circular or disc-shaped, and it seemed to be giving off a brilliant white light. At times it appeared to change colors, emitting shades of red and green. They stated that it was definitely not an airplane, helicopter, or any other known type of aircraft that they were familiar with.

The witnesses were quite disturbed by the incident and insisted that the writer make a report of their observations. They seemed sincere and were obviously attempting to describe something they had never seen before. The writer believes their report to be authentic and worthy of inclusion in project files.

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

That there were no important means of moving it and it is to be feared that reports of such people and objects will tend to discredit people and are more amusing than practically useful. The object itself was probably a misidentification of some natural phenomenon, although there are still many unsolved mysteries in this field. That many in the past used imagination rather than careful observation in recording such incidents.

That the object observed was a man-made one, and an intensive search seems to be justified. Many reputable witnesses have reported sighting unusual objects in the sky, and it seems likely that some of these will eventually yield important information. While the great majority of such reports can be explained as misidentifications of natural phenomena, a small percentage may involve real anomalous objects of considerable scientific interest.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text transcription is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
AULT AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO

17 AUG 1961

ADOIM

UFO REPORT

TO: ASD (TD-F2)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. The enclosed letter-report on an unidentified flying object (Attachment 1) was received from Mr. Forwarded
for any action considered necessary. This headquarters has no information available on which to base a comment on the alleged sighting.

2. Please note the observer's interest in an explanation-extension sighting. It is requested that your technical people study the item and provide any information which might be clarifying.

3. Headquarters ADC has expressed appreciation to Mr. Yogerlehner for his interest and assistance in the UFO program.

FOR THE COMMANDER

(SIDNEY R. MILLER)
Lt Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from an individual in Kentland, Indiana to the U.S. Air Defense Command Headquarters in Colorado Springs, Colorado, regarding the sighting of a UFO on August 29, 1961.

U.S. Air Defense Command Headquarters
Colorado Springs, Colorado

Dear Sir:

I am writing to report the sighting of a UFO by myself and a friend of mine. The following report is as requested.

On the evening of August 29, 1961 we were sitting in the back yard of a residence in Kentland, Indiana. At approximately 10:00 P.M. local time, we observed an object in the sky which appeared to be illuminated. It was traveling in a westerly direction, moving at a very high rate of speed. The object was observed for approximately 20 seconds before passing out of sight. It appeared to be round in shape and was illuminated as if from within. There was no tail or exhaust visible and no sound was heard.

We have spent many hours observing the stars and planets with telescopes and have considerable experience in this field. This object did not resemble any known aircraft or satellite. It is because this object was so much out of the ordinary that I feel compelled to report it.

I would be very interested in and would appreciate any information you might find concerning this object.

Sincerely,
Kentland, Indiana

- page 9 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten sketch or drawing of an unidentified flying object. The text below the sketch states "This is a small sketch of the object sighted. It looked very much like a comet with an unusually wide tail."

This is a small sketch of the object sighted. 
It looked very much like a comet with an unusually wide tail.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TD-B/Major Friend/Tr/69216
UFO SIGHTING
Mr. Kentland, INDIANA
Dear Mr. 
Your letter reporting the sighting of a UFO has been forwarded to me for reply. It does not contain sufficient information to complete the attached forms and return them in the attached self-addressed envelope. 
Sincerely,
CLAUDE T. BARNES
DEPUTY CHIEF 
DIVISION OF INTELLIGENCE
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
COORDINATION: TD-8 
Special Agent
OFFICE OF SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS
DATE: Aug 61

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, unless your permission is obtained. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 8-26-61
2. Time of day: 8:45 Minutes: (Circle One): a. A.M. or b. P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? Hours: 5 Minutes: 00 Seconds:
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Partly cloudy d. Overcast NIGHT: e. Bright f. Hazy g. Partly cloudy h. Overcast
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the left of you c. To your right

The text from the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, unless your permission is obtained. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 8-26-61
2. Time of day: 8:45 Minutes: (Circle One): a. A.M. or b. P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
5. How long was object in sight? Hours: 5 Minutes: 00 Seconds:
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Partly cloudy d. Overcast NIGHT: e. Bright f. Hazy g. Partly cloudy h. Overcast
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the left of you c. To your right

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and multiple-choice answers related to the observation of a UFO.

OCR Output:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON:

a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:

(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter then the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:

(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Shine? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something or not at any time, particularly a cloud?

(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?

(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know

14. Did the object appear:

(Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?

a. Eyeglasses Yes No 
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a report document with a form containing various questions and spaces for handwritten responses.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Hissing sound, came in fast and departed slowly
b. Color - Reddish-orange in color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially outline trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The drawing shows an object with a circular or oval shape, with some lines and arrows indicating its movement and direction.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. (Circle One) Sharply outlined or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Fuzzy or bluish
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
No drawing or additional information is provided for this question, suggesting there was only a single object observed.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with questions and answer spaces for the witness to fill out.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 15 -

