The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card with various fields filled in, including Date, Location, Type of Observation, Length of Observation, and a Brief Summary of Sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
5. CMT
6. G-C TIME
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Condition of objects was that of a dappled-grayish ball of light or white light, possibly round, with fluctuations or pulsations in its intensity, changing in color from white to orange and back again. Object appeared to be traveling at high speed and gave impression of controlled flight, changing direction without banking or turning. When one object was lost to sight another took its place. Objects passed over within sight for period of 15 - 20 minutes. Weather was clear, no wind. Ground observers watched objects through binoculars.

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 
9. COURSE 
11. COMMENTS: At about 2000 hours, a local citizen called the Dexter Air Force Station Police that several objects were sighted in the sky over Dexter, Missouri. The objects were described as bright, intense lights that were moving rapidly and erratically, sometimes appearing and disappearing. The police officer went to the location and observed the objects. He notified the Office of Special Investigations, and the officer and the OSI investigator watched the objects for about 15 - 20 minutes. The objects appeared to change color from white to orange and back again, and to vary in intensity. They also seemed to change direction without banking or turning. The objects were observed to pass rapidly overhead and then disappear. The observers were able to track them through binoculars, but could not get a clear photograph. The weather was clear with no wind. The case is classified as unidentified.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR system output:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Where were you (Circle One)?
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the country?
d. In a suburb?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
   a. North     c. East    e. South   g. West
   b. Northeast  d. Southwest  f. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving?                 miles per hour

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
       (Circle One)  Yes    No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North       c. East       e. South      g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southwest  f. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North       c. East       e. South      g. West 
b. Northeast   d. Southwest  f. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon (elevation):
31.1 When it first appeared:             degrees
31.2 When it disappeared:              degrees

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains three sketches or diagrams related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Project Blue Book: 1961-06-8691663-Dexter-Missouri.pdf3.txt

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to another sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with various questions and checkboxes related to the weather conditions and details of the observed object.

Text extracted from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)   WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky          a. Dry
b. Hazy              b. Fog, mist, or light rain  
c. Scattered clouds   c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds  d. Snow
                     e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
                     Yes
                     No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
                     Yes 
                     No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
                     Yes
                     No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[REDACTED]

38. In your opinion what do you think this object was and what might have caused it?
[REDACTED]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting or observation.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: (redacted) Last Name (redacted) First Name (redacted) Middle Name
ADDRESS: (redacted) City (redacted) Zone (redacted) State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: (redacted)
Age: - Sex: -
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: - Day - Month - Year

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a blank form titled "U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data)".

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may use any past information that you have already given in the appendices, and add any further comments, observations, or details that you believe are important. Try to cover the details of the sighting as completely as possible, and use additional sheets if they are needed.

NAME: [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]  
DATE: [Redacted]

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with a border.

DEXTER, MISSOURI

INVESTIGATION OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

1. DATE/TIME GROUP OF OBSERVATION:
   6 June 1961/1900 hours

2. LOCATION OF OBSERVATION:
   Dexter, Missouri

3. HOW OBJECT(S) FIRST OBSERVED:
   Unexpectedly while driving

4. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S):
   Object was round, glowing orange in color and pulsating.

5. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
   Observed through windshield of automobile

6. DURATION OF OBSERVATION:
   Approximately 2-3 minutes

7. WEATHER CONDITIONS:
   Clear, night time

8. POSSIBLE CAUSE:
   Unknown

9. REPORTING INDIVIDUAL:
   John Smith

10. INVESTIGATING OFFICER:
   Captain John Doe

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Output of text:
The document contains handwritten text that appears to be a report or narrative. The text is difficult to read due to the low quality of the image, but some words and phrases that can be made out include:

"A ... 7 ... 00 ... ... ... ... my my ... ... ... ... ... at ... ... ... ... mater and under ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... my ... 1 ... 5"

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image contained in this document. The document appears to be a typed text message or report.

UFO REPORT
20 JUL 1961
ATIC-20 (Major Coleman)
Attached are copies of two (2) letters reporting the sighting of unidentified objects. You may wish to have the information in these letters considered. It is suggested that your office forward two (2) copies for lids to such individuals for completion and forwarding so info.

WADJ/nfg
Colonels USAF Retired
Director, UFOLog and Components

- page 9 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Project Blue Book letterhead.

Text extracted from the document:

24 August 1961

Dear ----,

I appreciate your letter of June 22. 1961, commenting upon a recent case that was reported in the news media. We have completed informal investigations of this case, and have found that there is no information to substantiate the claims that were made concerning it.

It appears that the multiple sightings reported originally were not confirmed by subsequent investigations.  Attention has been given to this case, and we are satisfied that there is no evidence to indicate the presence of any unusual aircraft.

Your interest in this matter is greatly appreciated.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM E. COLEMAN, JR.
MAJOR, USAF
PROJECT BLUE BOOK
OFFICE OF INFORMATION
DIVISION OF INFORMATION SERVICES

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

Sergeant S. Air Force
Springfield, Missouri  
Dear Sirs:
On 17 Oct 63, at approx 3:15 AM, was awakened by a bright light outside my window. Looked out and saw a round, brilliantly illuminated object hovering approx 50 yds from my house. It was about 20-25 ft in diameter and was approx 10 ft above the ground. The object appeared to be a light metallic color and was simply hovering, making no noise. I observed it for approx 2-3 minutes, then it suddenly shot straight up out of sight in a couple of seconds. There was no smoke, flame, or exhaust visible. My radio was operating normally during this period, and my family did not have any disturbances in their sleep. I cannot offer any rational explanation for what I observed. It was definitely not any conventional aircraft or object known to me. I hope this report is of some value to your investigation. Please let me know if you require any further information.
Sincerely,
[redacted]

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document with handwritten or typewritten text that has been redacted or obscured.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

[Text content redacted]

- page 12 -

The image appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that someone has observed. There is no photograph included in this particular document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please be as accurate as your memory will permit. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission, so you may consider your answers confidential and simply give the facts as you recall them.

1. When did you see the object?
Day - Month - Year

2. Time of day:
Hour - Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Address - City or Town - State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? 
Hours - Minutes - Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day - Clear
b. Partly cloudy
c. Overcast
d. Hazy
e. Bright
f. Dusk
g. Night Hazy
h. Bright

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN in relation to where you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you
b. To your right
c. Behind you
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

- page 13 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a filled-out questionnaire with questions and multiple choice answers about the observation of an unidentified object.

8. 1) STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One) a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star?

11. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
...
(the questionnaire continues with several more questions)

The text in the document has been transcribed below:

8. 1) STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8. 2) MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One) a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? 

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?   Yes  No   Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes  No  Don't Know
c. Appear to be under intelligent control?   Yes  No  Don't Know 
d. Change brightness?   Yes  No  Don't Know
e. Change shape?   Yes  No  Don't Know
f. Flash or flicker?   Yes  No  Don't Know
g. Disappear and reappear?   Yes  No  Don't Know

13. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes  No   Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what.

14. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes  No   Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No 
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Sighting device Yes No
h. Other

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report or document, possibly filled out by a witness or investigator.

Text output from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _____________________________________________
b. Color _____________________________________________
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially any unusual trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                   b. Like a bright star
                   c. Sharply defined
                   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was a MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a sketch of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were travelling.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a series of questions related to the observation of an unidentified object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Please use an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "Y" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know more about the apparent size of the object. First, its apparent length in line with a known object and note of the sighting; how much of the object was covered by the head of the match. If you find yourself unable to make this experiment at the time, please indicate so.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a comparison object or objects which, when added up in the way, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed.

- page 16 -

