The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from the Project Blue Book investigation, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 23 Feb 61
2. LOCATION: Oakwood, Ohio
3. WITNESSES: 4 white adults, 1 child
4. DURATION: 2 min
5. PHOTOS: Yes
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 min
7. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: White obj size of star. Very bright and very fast. Disappeared to horizon. Appeared to turn toward it a little.
8. CONCLUSIONS: Insufficient Data for Evaluation

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 11 SEP 55)

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified flying objects that people have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for statistical purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in any report or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: Day/Month/Year Hour/Minute/AM or PM
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Address, City/Town, State or Country
5. Additional remarks:
5.1 How long was object in sight? Hours/Minutes/Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day - Clear, Bright b. Night - Clear, Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember
ATIC FM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire or form for documenting observations of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Many
b. A few
c. None
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change color? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know

13. Did the object move in front of something or a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other Yes No

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a form that the witness has filled out.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Fuzzy
b. Color - Irregular

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails or other details:
[The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an irregularly shaped object with a trail.]

18. The edges of the object were:
(a) Circle Only
Other - 

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
[No additional objects are drawn.]

OCR Output:
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Fuzzy
b. Color - Irregular 
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails or other details:
18. The edges of the object were:
(a) Circle Only
Other -
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, with a series of questions related to observing and describing an unidentified object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and blank spaces for responses.

The text in the document is as follows:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
Yes
No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it went upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it appeared: 
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] [Redacted], [Redacted], [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: [Redacted] Sex: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
____ Day ____ Month ____ Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with questions about weather conditions, sighting details, and the observer's opinions on the observed object.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Fair
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)
Yes - No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)
Yes - No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)
Yes - No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 8 -

