There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which contains text rather than any visual images.

I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

28 Jan 61
6. DATE-TIME GROUP:
1830
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 
1 min.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Dark gray object, moved from East to West. About the size of a jet plane, no wings. (Disappeared behind a house.)
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
Ground-Visual
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 
1
11. COMMENTS/WITNESS: Stated that it looked like a jet plane. The description of the object is very similar to the one observed on 7 Jan 61.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this particular page.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other.
Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open country?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other.
What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: (Circle One)
28.1 What direction were you moving? a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest.
28.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes, No.
What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Overhead.
What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Overhead.
If you are familiar with bearing terms (compass direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: (a) From true North ____ degrees. (b) From horizon ____ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: (a) From true North ____ degrees. (b) From horizon ____ degrees.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)   WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky           a. Dry
b. Hazy                b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds     c. Overcast or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds d. Snow
                      e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
  Day - 9           Month - Jan     Year - 1961

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes      (No)

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes      No 

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mervil O. Goodsell
37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes      No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
_____________________________________________________________________________

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I cannot determine what he saw beyond saying that it appeared to be some type of strange or unusual aerial phenomenon, based on the information provided in the document.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an old UFO report.

Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)      Yes      No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 325 Mi P/H

Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One)      Yes      No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:      
ADDRESS:      
TELEPHONE NUMBER:      
Age: 35 Sex: Male 
Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
I am an active member of the U.F.O. Club. I have information from reliable sources that a REAL UFO was sighted over Boston April 13, 1961. This would corroborate my sighting near my home on 2/31/61. I am a strong supporter of U.F.O. research and have studied the subject for years.

Date you completed this questionnaire:      / 9 / 61
             Day Month Year

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

NEWARK, N. J. 
LPE:  
Commander, Col. O.T. Loggh -
Sir; my name is -  
On the 28 jan at 6:30 p.m. I saw a  
peculiar object racing rapidly in the  
direction of something like a fast aircraft  
going through the air.  
2) I'd be very interested to give you more  
information about this, if you would like. 
I would appreciate an confirmation.
I would appreciate an acknowledgment  
of this, and I could give you my check and address.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page with handwritten text.

A merchant has been piereed and this day

Thank you,
Mr. [redacted]

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Text from the document:

7 February 1961

Dear Mr. [redacted],

This is to acknowledge your letter of 28 January 1961 concerning certain details of an unidentified flying object observed on that date.

Your letter contained insufficient information for a valid conclusion. Therefore, request you fill out the enclosed Air Force questionnaire in detail and forward the completed document to this office for further analysis and/or evaluation.

Sincerely,

LAWRENCE J. TACKER
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Newark, New Jersey

Comeback DF-34
Reader 01-1

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire about a sighting.

8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember.

9. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. Don't remember.

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star?

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know; Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know; Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know; Change shape? Yes No Don't Know; Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know.

12. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't Know. 

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't Know.

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't Know.

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following: a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a questionnaire about an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 5-6-61
2. Time of day: 1:26 A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEWARK, NEW JERSEY
Additional remarks: LIGHTS IN SKY
5. How long was object in sight? 5 MINUTES
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 2. Fairly certain
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear, b. Cloudy; NIGHT: a. Clear, b. Cloudy, c. Hazy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. In back of you, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page contains text with various questions and handwritten responses.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

If you think that would give a fair representation of the appearance of the object, say so; if not, explain further.

The text from the document has been accurately transcribed.

- page 10 -

The image contains a sketch or drawing of an object described as "Elliptical shaped" under question 16a. The edges of the object are described as "Fuzzy or blurred" in question 18.

OCR text output:
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape Elliptical shaped
b. Color Dull grayish
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please on arrowhead inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

From east to west

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle one): a. Fuzzy or blurred 
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains two sketches - one larger sketch on the top depicting the horizon line and an object in the sky, and two smaller sketches on the bottom depicting a road leading through a town or landscape.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show the position when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at the position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 12 -

