The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR Output:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 5-8-61 
2. LOCATION Kettering, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP 2130
4. TYPE OF SIGHTING Apparent Meteor-Visual
5. DURATION 60 secs
6. AIR VISUAL 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 60 secs
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
9. COURSE Straight, level
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING Appeared as a green flaming object, first appeared to orange. Appeared in S, 10* above horizon. First appeared 1300* away, disappeared 1500* away. Remained 1300* above horizon. Disappeared 1900*.
11. CONCLUSIONS Meteor fireballs
Probable Aircraft
Probable Satellite
Possible Hoax
Insufficient Info for Evaluation
Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a UFO analysis sheet from Project Blue Book.

UFO ANALYSIS SHEET
Location: Kettering, Ohio
Date (Local): 7 May 61
Hour (Local): 0220
Satellite: (Det 5 ATIC, Ext 3279) NE-NNE-N
Astronomical Phenomena (Meteor, Comet, Planet, etc): APPEARS NORMAL
Radar Analysis (AFCIN-3El2): N/A
Natural Phenomena (Ball Lightning, etc): _______
Aircraft, Balloons, Airships, etc: _______
Other: _______
Evaluation of Source Reliability: PROBABLY GOOD.
Analysis and Conclusions:
THE OBJECT REPORTED BY THIS WITNESS WAS NOT A SIGHTING OF THE "UNUSUAL" CLASS. ALL OF THE INDICATORS THAT POINT TO THE "UNUSUAL" CASE ARE MISSING. THE OBJECT'S MOVEMENT AND DESCRIPTION INDICATE THAT THIS WAS PROBABLY A NATURAL ASTRONOMICAL PHENOMENA. METHODS INTO SANE ANALYSIS OF THIS TYPE CASE.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about observed UFO phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The data obtained will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
Day: 5/15 
Month: 1961
Year: 1961

2. Time of day:
(Circle One):  
a. A.M. 
b. P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central 
c. Mountain
d. Pacific

(Circle One):
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address:
City or Town:
State or Country:

5. How long was object in sight?
Hours: 5
Minutes: 
Seconds: 5

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Not very sure

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY
b. Bright
c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): 
a. To the left
b. To the right
c. In back of you
d. In front of you
e. Don't remember

ATIC FORM 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with questions related to observations of objects or lights in the night sky.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember 
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? Yes (Circle One)

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't Know, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes/No/Don't Know, ... (several more questions)

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes/No/Don't Know

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes/No/Don't Know

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Yes/No) a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, ... (several more items)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

TRANSCRIPTION:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: buzzing
    b. Color: white shadow 6 capable
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
    Line 1/4 the height
18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                  b. Like a bright star
                  c. Sharply outlined
                  d. Don't remember
19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with text and handwritten responses to various questions.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
The witness has drawn a sketch showing an object moving in an arced path, starting at point "A" and ending at point "B".

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
The witness has provided a handwritten response, but it is not legible enough for me to accurately transcribe.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The witness has provided a handwritten response, but it is not legible enough for me to accurately transcribe.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The witness has provided a handwritten response, stating "Yes, object disappeared".

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
The witness has provided a handwritten response, describing the object as "It appeared to be a small, distant, glowing object".

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions related to UFO sightings.

Text extracted from the document:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In an open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
DRIVING HOME

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
28.2 How fast were you moving?_25_ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes / No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from:
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North____degrees. 
31.2 When it disappeared:   a. From true North____degrees.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It consists of three sketches illustrating how to estimate the elevation of an observed object above the horizon based on its apparent size in the sky.

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at the position where you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Think or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain 
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)
Yes No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)
Yes No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)
Yes No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Nice fight as 25 yrs. Early in morning 0800 

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Unusual

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which is a declassified U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:             TYSON NEIL 
ADDRESS:          ROUTE 5, BOX 330, KETTERING, OHIO, 63325 
TELEPHONE NUMBER:  [redacted]
Age:   35     Sex:    MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
H.S.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
2 - 21 - 61
  Day    Month     Year

- page 10 -

