There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a document that appears to be a "PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD" from Project Blue Book, containing various fields filled out with information about a UFO sighting in Goodlettsville, Tennessee.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 12/8/1961
2. LOCATION: Goodlettsville, Tennessee
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1820-1845
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: 50 Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. SOURCE: 0 Air Visual
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5-15 sec
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
9. COURSE: 84 and 95
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: cigar-shaped objs, traveling at high speed, 1830 hrs, 2 objs moving horizontally, disappeared instantaneously, located 18 mi from CC 81/2.
11. COMMENTS: Unusual flight characteristics, not identified.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)	WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky	a. Dry
b. Hazy	b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds	c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds	d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Day	Sept 30 1961 	Month		Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)	Yes	No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)	Yes	No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Censored

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)	Yes	No  

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
[No response provided]

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
No opinion given / no indication of cause.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Estimated for about 15-20 minutes

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 mile to 1 1⁄2 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] [redacted], [redacted], [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
Age: 28 Sex: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
I.T. 2 yrs. (Operator or Stationary Public Stenographer)
Considerable Bookkeeping and Shorthand.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Nov [redacted]

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET 
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, specifically a report from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads as follows:

Commander Foreign Technology Division, 
Wright Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio

Attn: Aerial Phenomena Group

Dear Sir:

At 5:00 PM CST on December 29, 1961, Mr. and myself were travelling south on US 31W about 10 miles north of Goodlettsville, Tennessee, when we saw what appeared to be strange objects in the sky for several minutes. After observing these objects in the sky for a few minutes, I stopped at a roadside phone booth to WPAFB and was connected with a duty officer who made a report of my experience. During this conversation I was told an investigation would be made and if the experience could not be explained, more information might be required from me. As I have not been contacted, I assume the investigation resulted in a satisfactory explanation.

The February 19 issue of Newsweek has a small article describing the results of investigations performed last year and states that a very few reports were unexplained.  

I would like to know whether an investigation was conducted on my report, and if so what were the results.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a report on a UFO sighting in Goodlettsville, Tennessee on December 29, 1961.

Text from the document:

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TD-2/Major Friend/W/69216

UFO Sighting, Goodlettsville, Tennessee
15 MAR 1962

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

The UFO sighted by you and Mr. [REDACTED] on 29 December 1961, near Goodlettsville, Tennessee, was determined to be non-persistent contrails illuminated by moonlight.

The objects appeared to be only five times their usual size because the condensation trails were non-persistent and were dispersing soon after they were formed.

There are two types of condensation trails, aerodynamic and engine exhaust trails. Since the engine exhaust type is usually of short duration, the engine exhaust trails were the ones observed in this case.

Though the sun had set at the time of your sighting, the condensation trails, due to their altitudes, were still in sunlight. The color of the contrails is attributed to dispersion.

We thank you for your interest in reporting an incident which might have been thought to be the sighting of the United States.

Sincerely,

[REDACTED]
DONALD E. KEYHOE
Colonel, USAF (Ret.)
Chief, Evaluations and Components

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a technical information sheet filled out by an observer reporting an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this para-net information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 29 OCT 1961
2. Time of day: 17:45 Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address: Goodlettsville, Tenn. State or Country: Tennessee
5. How long was object in sight? 15 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Overhead f. Don't remember

ATIC FTD 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 7 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observation of an unidentified object. 

Page 2

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED:
(Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Shiny
c. Dark 
d. Don't remember

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS?
Appear brighter than the brightest stars

11. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT:
behind

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, THEN TELL WHAT:
in front of:

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR:
(Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Faint, like a distant rumbling sound
b. Color - Bright, metallic

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
The witness has drawn a rough sketch of an oblong or elliptical object, with a trailing wake or vapor trail behind it. The object appears to be moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
2
The witness has drawn a sketch showing two objects arranged in a specific direction, with an arrow indicating the direction they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically page 5 of the document titled "1961-12-8700301-Goodlettsville-Tennessee.pdf11.txt".

The text on the page includes various questions and answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object. Some of the key information includes:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Inside a building, In a car, Outdoors, In an airplane (type), At a lake, Other)

26. Were you (Circle One): (In the business section of a city?, In the residential section of a city?, In open countryside?, Near an airfield?, Flying over a city?, Flying over open country?, Other)

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (North, Northeast, East, Southeast, South, Southwest, West, Northwest)
28.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Yes, No)

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (North, Northeast, East, Southeast, South, Southwest, West, Overhead)

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (North, Northeast, East, Southeast, South, Southwest, West, Northwest)

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: a. From true North _175_ degrees, b. From horizon _10_ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared: a. From true North _2_ degrees, b. From horizon _2/10_ degrees.

- page 11 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with an "A" point and a "B" point, which are meant to indicate how high an object was above the horizon when the observer first saw it, and how high it was when the observer lost sight of it. The second sketch shows a larger drawing with an "A" point and a person standing on a road.

Here is the text from the document:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 12 -

