The image does not contain any photograph or visual depiction. It appears to be a Project 10079 Record Card with various text fields filled out.

PROJECT 10079 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 8 Sep 61
2. LOCATION: Vandalia, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 2130
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. SOURCE: Civilian
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 sec
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTINGS: Elongated, soft yellow light. COMMENTS CJGS: Was described as an elongated, soft yellow light similar to a starlike object moving through the atmosphere. It was estimated to be traveling at a speed of 3,500 MPH. Suggests a very small object moving through the atmosphere at a tremendous rate of speed. The object remained steady in size and intensity and was sighted for 15 sec. No sound.
12. CONCLUSIONS: 
Was Balloon         
Was Aircraft        
Was Astronomical (Meteor, etc.)          
Was Unconventional Aircraft (UFO)
_X_ Explanation: Unidentified Object

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified flying object sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information you provide will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 5-24-61
2. Time of day: 6:28 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Van Wert, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? Minutes: 25
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Remembered
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Hazy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Overhead e. Behind you f. Don't remember

ATIC FTD 164. This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Oct 54.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force.

Text extracted from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Bright yellow light
b. Color: Bright yellow light

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially without trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. However, the image shows a scanned page of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full
b. Dull, hazy-pitch dark 
c. No moon
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Yes

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash on and off? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear:
(Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outdoors (type)
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. At sea
    f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open countryside?
    d. Near an airport?
    e. Flying over open country?
    f. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
    sitting in rvo - watching and waitin9 for something to happen

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
        a. North
        b. Northeast
        c. East 
        d. Southeast
        e. South
        f. Southwest
        g. West
        h. Northwest
    28.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.
    28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) 
        Yes     No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. North
    b. Northeast
    c. East 
    d. Southeast
    e. South
    f. Southwest
    g. West
    h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
    a. North
    b. Northeast
    c. East
    d. Southeast
    e. South
    f. Southwest
    g. West
    h. Northwest

31. If the object was moving with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was
    from true North (where east is 90 degrees) and also the number of degrees it moved from the horizon (altitude).
    31.1 When it first appeared: 
        a. From true North _____175_______ degrees.
        b. From horizon ______25________ degrees.
    31.2 When it disappeared:
        a. From true North ______350______ degrees.
        b. From horizon _______10_______ degrees.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and handwritten responses.

Moving on to the text extraction:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Moving from due east to due west

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

About 1/2 the size of the moon.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match stick. This will give us an approximate measure of the angular size. If you had performed this experiment, what would the result have been?

Would have first about covered the object.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

Yes - 10 to 15 seconds over the crest of the hill.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Looked like a missile.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a filled-out questionnaire form.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
9-8-60      8-30 AM      Yes

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes      No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes      No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? 
(Circle One) Yes     No (I'll live with it)

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see others?
[No response]

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Don't know

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? - 5500 miles per hour

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away from you say it was? - 5,500 miles

41. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME - [Redacted]
ADDRESS - [Redacted] Vandalia, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER - [Redacted]
Age - Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. 
Former Navy Man - Farmer

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: - (Blank)

- page 8 -

