There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book record card.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE           2. LOCATION
7 Sep 61         Troy, Ohio
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
21531.5-1629
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
Air-Visual
D Air-Radar
6. SOURCE
Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 mins
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
3.5 sec. silvery objects approaching red, dome-shaped, very slow, 1st obj-t looked like satellites with 2nd, a luminous, following. Obj't fell, going away. 1st obj-t looked like satellites with end "dropping off" like flares, fast passage SW-NE. At about 30° jet a/c. Travel straight SW-NE. At about 40° jet a/c, distance slow. 5 min between sights.
12. CONCLUSIONS
G Was not satellite. Satellite
Probably Balloon
Probably Aircraft
Possibly Astronomical
Insufficient data for evaluation
Possible Satellite. Satellite 10-12 min to cover distance observed. Witness also stated contrail or other evidence of propulsion, probably aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet with a blank space where a photograph or other visual information would typically be included.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET (SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following spaces to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached.

NAME: (Please Print)
SIGNATURE: 
DATE:

The hand-written text in the blank space states: "I was told to contact him further as soon as possible, with the image he made for the details. He wanted to investigate it personally."

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes and will be considered as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
We request that you provide information as fully, it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 09 - 20 - 1953
2. Time of day: 12:53 - 1:15 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Troy, Ohio (City, Town) Ohio (State or Country)
5. How long was object in sight? 22 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Cloudy
b. NIGHT: a. Bright b. Partly cloudy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left

ATIC FOR 164 This form supersedes ATIC 164, 13 Dec 54.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form for the witness to fill out regarding their UFO sighting.

The text found in the document is as follows:

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: 
(Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Shiny 
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star?
About the same

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or exploded? Yes / No / Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't Know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid / b. Transparent / c. Vapor / d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes / No
b. Sun glasses Yes / No
c. Windshield Yes / No 
d. Window glass Yes / No
e. Telescope Yes / No
f. Binoculars Yes / No
g. Theodolite Yes / No
h. Other

- page 4 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch depicting two unidentified flying objects. The sketch shows the objects' shapes and trajectories, with arrows indicating their direction of travel. The sketch is accompanied by descriptive text that provides details about the objects, such as their size, speed, and movement pattern.

Now, acting as an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound *satellite* wobbling, pulsing, going away
b. Color white
17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Just one aircraft like satellite with the tail one pulsing the trailing booster.
The tail about 100-150 yds behind definitely diminished in size. A 1-1.5 minute sighting.
18. The shape of the object was:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined *Like satellite*
d. Don't remember
19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
2 (two) spherical objects

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, possibly from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

From 5w to ne there was a sharp angle stop for time of 5 seconds or more

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Find a match stick or wire's length in line with a known object, and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

The object's angular size is 

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

The object did both

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when picked up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Satellite and missile trailing

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Sitting in backyard telling boy son that eff, traveling about 50 m/sec vertical, color changing, effect traveling along ground?
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West 
28.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _20__ degrees.
b. From horizon _20__ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _30__ degrees.
b. From horizon _45__ degrees.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Reported to: Air Force Investigator

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes No

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
The weather, terrain, etc., were similar to this incident.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Satellite and aircraft trailing

- page 8 -

The image contains two sketches, but no photograph.

The text in the document is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. The text on the document appears to be a questionnaire filled out by an individual in response to a UFO sighting.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 45 to 50 miles that of a fighter

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 100-150,000 ft

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age: [Redacted] Sex: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. Weather man 35 years old, a.c.e. degree for 3 years, written up in papers for 10 years, been in service.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9-8 1961

- page 10 -

