The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 14 Dec 61
2. LOCATION Amityville, N.Y.
3. DATE/TIME GROUP 2245
4. TYPE Ground-Visual
5. PHOTOS 0 Yes Drawing
6. SOURCE Civilian
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING 3 boys of Amityville, N.Y. observed Object which appeared to hover, move to new location and descend again. Object was described as a light bright enough to light up the ground within its glow. The object did not give time for observation and went out instantaneously. Duration of observation was too long for meteor.
12. CONCLUSIONS
D Was Balloon
D Probably Balloon
D Was Aircraft
D Probably Aircraft
D Was Astronomical
D Probably Astronomical
D Insufficient Data for Evaluation
COMMENTS Witness did not provide sufficient information to allow a conclusion for sighting. Possible that this was an aircraft that was not observed long enough to provide indication of length of time which was indicated in report would have been too long for a meteor.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document containing a memorandum from the Department of the Air Force Office of the Secretary.

The text of the memorandum is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
MEMORANDUM

Bob:

Can you provide some information on which
to base a reply to this? 
Missile schedule revealed no shots on this
night (Dec 14th).
You might take a look at the interceptor (F-106)
path out of Dover,AFB (Del). They move in
the direction of Long Island and then proceed
out to see on an intercept....usually with
AB on all the way. Sometimes there a boom 
followed by engine racket...etc.

Bill

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report regarding an unknown object sighting over Amityville, New York.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

HEADQUARTERS
2500TH AIR BASE WING
MITCHELL AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK

REPLY TO
ATTENTION OF: Base Commander
SUBJECT: Report of Unknown Object Over Amityville, New York

TO: DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF INFORMATION
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

The attached letter, dated 19 December 1961, from [redacted], Amityville, New York, is forwarded for investigation and direct reply.

(Signed)
WILLIAM L. HAMMOND
Major, USAF
Commander

1 Atch
Ltr, 19 December 1961
Info Cy:
[redacted]

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book investigation of a reported UFO sighting over Amityville, New York on December 15th, 1961.

WILLIAM J. KAY
SUBJECT: Report of Unknown Object over Amityville L.I.
TO  : Major Hammond, USAF
FROM: 9:40 AM December 19th, 1961

1. About 9:30 PM Friday, December 15th, 1961, the three following named boys appeared at my Hq., reporting sighting of unknown object over Amityville, and also prepared the enclosed map:
(a) [redacted], Amityville, N.Y.
(b) [redacted], Amityville, N.Y.
(c) [redacted], Unk.

They reported that at about 10:45 PM the night of Thursday, December 14th, 1961, the three boys sighted an enormous lighted object in the sky over Amityville, which they judged to be about 2000 feet in the air. They described it as a large light in the sky, just beyond a large building, formerly the Herald Tribune Press Bldg., going due west.

3. Following herewith find report submitted by [redacted]. I couldn't explain it either, so we turned around and went to Point C, to observe it better. Hovering just in the air over the bay.
At point C, it travelled at an enormous rate of speed. By the time we reached Point G - it travelled from X to Y in a matter of only a few seconds. We ran from E to B. Here, Object dropped down towards us and hovered at X. We were at B (2) and heard a sound that would send chills up and down your back.
Object turned now and we saw it perfectly shaped object (strange sound, similar to a high pitched turbo whine sound up and down), this light was so bright it would almost blind you and extinguish all other lights in the area. As it lifted up the entire cloud area around it. Within 2-3 seconds, the thing disappeared heading south. Strange sounds continued. Sound stopped a short time later.

4. Investigation of these boys verified by Officer, Assistant Principal High School. They have never before been involved with Air Intelligence unit or any other official agencies. They volunteered this story to me, as they don't think the boys tried to make things up.
When they reported to Ho on December 15th, 1961, they were equipped with a camera and a pair of binoculars, and were dressed in warm clothing. They stated that they attempted to take pictures of the area again, heading for the sound, but could not locate the object again. They have not heard of this since.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with handwritten notes.

OCR text output:

WFLGE
BEPORT(X)
BENE
PARAIAG
PEAID
TASTE
LAND
One unidentified at point A, same
as at poiat B. moved , Increased
ight brightnes s, then di sappeared .
One unidentified . moved diagonally
to right, increased in size, then
disappeared. One unidentified
moved straight up.
Appeared as a steady light and moved
from A to B to C in a arched trajectory.
No other details given.
A steady light observed moved diagonally
up and down across observer's field of view
and disappeared.

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text with notes and diagrams.

Transcription:

LEEDS
(1) Could not understand
(2) Got good is sea
(3) - motion -
(4) The front have to do of
motion about - 30 decrees to the
(5) at present I cannot see
(6) from used away look for
in mach of a

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

Dec. 14th 1961
About 10:45 p.m.
Map + Report drawn by

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, which was the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

Warrant some more work to be devoted to carefully checking the terrain feature, (certain name?) which at first glance appears to have been drawn in very approximately, and without any attempt at accurate delineation. As drawn, it seems to suggest hills or mountains, but on closer examination it may prove to be something quite different, e.g. a piece of woodland or other natural formation. To determine the nature of this feature would be an important supplementary task in connection with the overall evaluation of this report. Additional corroborative information on this point would be very desirable.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a hand-drawn diagram or sketch depicting some sort of landscape or object. The text in the image appears to be handwritten notes and annotations related to the diagram.

[The text extracted from the image is as follows:]

when in night
very good
and bright
WATER - 72 77- 
HI H 
RANCH 
POINTING L 
POINTING - 300
HERVING

- page 9 -

