The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card that contains various fields filled out with information about a UFO observation. The text in the image has been transcribed as follows:

PROJECT 10673 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
2. LOCATION
3. DATE/TIME GROUP
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 
7. COURSE
8. COMMENTS
Station No. 1 at 2100 local, a mini. 1:00 hr.

- page 1 -

The image provided does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a text-based document with the heading "MEMORANDUM FOR THE RECORD" and discusses details about a telephone call received regarding a UFO sighting.

MEMORANDUM FOR THE RECORD

1. Central Airlines Agent

22:30 1 August 1962 - A telephone call was received at this office from a Central Airlines agent at Liberal, Kansas, who related the following:

At 21:50 1 August 1962, a telephone call was received by the agent from a woman who stated she had observed an unidentified flying object in the sky. The object was described as being round and glowing with a reddish-orange color. It was estimated to be about 1000 feet in altitude and moving in a northeasterly direction at a high rate of speed. The object was visible for approximately 2 minutes.

The agent stated that he was looking like an "aircraft" and was not familiar with the object's movement or appearance as compared to normal aircraft. He was unable to identify the object. The report was called in for information purposes.

There were numerous phone calls made to the Communications Center at this base in reference to the sighting mentioned above. Initial contacts seem to indicate that the object was also observed by other persons in the Liberal, Kansas area, and was stated to be a white or silver object, moving from southwest to northeast at a high rate of speed. The object was reported as leaving a trail.

In the opinion of the agent, the trajectory and apparent size of the object does not seem to fit the characteristics of a jet aircraft or some other conventional type aircraft. The object was described as moving erratically and was not identified.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old document containing handwritten notes and measurements.

Extracted text:
Jufty 5'
pipe 3'
Jur'y 5"
pipe 5'
Axtnanance 5'6" ± 6"
50° elevation
48° +- I"
Azlimuth
3'10" * 5"
5" +- 1"
3" +- I"

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing a UFO sighting in Liberal, Kansas.

Liberal, Kansas Sightings

On August 6, 1962 a report was received at the Oiforte Air Force Base from a civilian resident of Liberal, Kansas. The report stated that at approximately 9:15 P.M. Central Standard Time on that date, a bright light had been observed in the sky from various locations in the Liberal area.

The light was described as about the size of a "basketball" and having a "brilliant whitish" color. It was observed to be moving at a high rate of speed in an erratic manner, suddenly accelerating, decelerating, and making abrupt turns. The light was visible for approximately 15 minutes before going out of sight. Several people observed the light, according to the report.

- page 4 -

