The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record Card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 1. 62 JUL 8
2. LOCATION: FAIRBORN, OHIO
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1962 JUL 8 
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ü Air-Visual
ÜGROUND-VISUAL
Ü GROUND-RADAR
Ü AIR-INTERCEPTION RADAR
5. PHOTOS: Ü Yes
Ü No
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
9. COURSE: 
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: OBJECT OBSERVED HOVERING OVER AREA
11. COMMENTS: OBJECT REPORTED BY MILITARY PERSONNEL FROM NEARBY AIR FORCE BASE. METEOROLOGICAL CONDITIONS FAVORABLE FOR VISUAL SIGHTINGS.

- page 1 -

The image contains a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be a form used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena sightings. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This sheet is designed to obtain information as quickly as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena. The information contained on this sheet may be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 26 MAY 62
2. Time of day: 2:10 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? DAYTON, OHIO Nearest Postal Address
5. How long was object in sight? 25 MINUTES Seconds
5-1. How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
NIGHT
a. Day: b. Cloudy c. Clear
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you say the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
6.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many
6.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light, b. Shiny, c. Dark, d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? BRIGHTER

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes, Break up into parts or explode? Yes, Give off smoke? Yes, Change brightness? Yes, Change shape? Yes, Flash? Yes, Disappear and reappear? Yes

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? LBS. DON'T KNOW. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? LBS. DON'T KNOW. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?: Naked eye: Yes, Binoculars: No, Telescope: Yes, Other: Yes

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a form-style layout containing questions and spaces for answers.

The text found in the document is as follows:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No
b. Color - Yellow - orange

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially whether trails or vapor trails were seen.
Like a golf ball
through a pine trees.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle (one) - a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star 
c. Sharply outlined

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
One
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a series of questions and answers regarding the observation of a UFO. 

Text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
Tear 5w tower WNW

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?
YES LIKE A SALICE B-43

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Outer larger

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Over horizon

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Golfball

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and spaces for handwritten responses.

WORKING AS AN OCR SYSTEM:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it? _________________________________________________

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees if it was upward from the horizon(elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _345__ degrees.
b. From horizon _60__ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _345_ degrees. 
b. From horizon _60_ degrees.

- page 6 -

The image contains three sketches or illustrations. The larger sketch on the bottom shows a landscape with trees and buildings, as well as a person standing on a road. The smaller sketch on the top right shows a landscape with a curved horizon line. The smaller sketch on the bottom right shows a similar landscape with a curved horizon line.

The text in the document reads:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a UFO report form with text and checkboxes.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
1. Clear sky
2. Hazy
3. Scattered clouds 
4. Thick or very clouds
WEATHER (Circle One)
1. Dry
2. Fog, mist, or light rain
3. Moderate or heavy rain
4. Snow
5. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes - No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes - No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses: M.S.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes - No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
Space shuttle 9-25 June '62

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No SLOW

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

41. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
Please give your estimation about yourself.
NAME: Last Name First Name Middle Name 
ADDRESS: Street Circleville City Ohio Zip Code
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
Age: 6 Sex: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 26 May 62

- page 9 -

