The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a document used to record details of UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 13 September 1962
2. LOCATION: Greenwich, Connecticut
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Local
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
8. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object well above horizon visually and on radar. Light went out and object reappeared at same spot. Similar to second object. Third light appeared at point where object previously disappeared. Object then disappeared and lights blinked on and off regularly. Obj at unspecified altitude.
11. COMMENTS: Investigator on G.I. flight said that initially expected of an a/c; however, confirmed that no a/c observed in area.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no visible photograph in this particular page.

As requested, I will now perform Optical Character Recognition (OCR) on the text in the document and provide the output:

National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP)
DIRECTOR: Donald E. Keyhoe
3535 University Blvd. West Kensington, Maryland
Dear Sirs:
I would like to report an unidentified flying object observed by
myself and my wife on September 7, 1962 at Greenwich, Connecticut.
At approximately 6:15 P.M. on that date, I was looking out of the
picture window in our home when I noticed a bright object in the sky
moving in a northerly direction. I called my wife's attention to it
and we both watched it for several minutes. The object was round,
silvery in color and larger than a star. It was moving at a high rate
of speed, much faster than any airplane we have ever seen. As it
moved northward, it seemed to change direction slightly, moving in a
northeasterly direction. It continued on this course until it disappeared
from view. The sighting lasted approximately 10 minutes.
The sky was clear at the time and the object was easily visible
against the blue background. It was not a planet, as we have observed
the planets many times, nor was it an airplane, helicopter or any
familiar object.
I am a former Naval officer and have had some experience
with aerial phenomena. This sighting was quite different from anything
I have ever observed before. I would appreciate hearing from you
concerning this report.
Respectfully yours,

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It is a letter from the Department of the Air Force in Washington, dated September 21, 1962, addressed to an unidentified recipient. The letter thanks the recipient for their sighting report and states that the recipient's efforts will be appreciated.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
September 21, 1962

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Thank you very much for your sighting report. The data given in instruments for a sound observation thereof would you and your friend each complete one of the included forms in the greatest possible detail upon completion please forward to:

Hq Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Your efforts will be appreciated.

Sincerely,

C. P. CAVIN
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 3 -

