The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and related information.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 20 MAY 1952
2. LOCATION: Dayton and Vicinity
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: 1630Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
5. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 10 Minutes
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
7. COURSE: The object made a controlled flight over Dayton and vicinity. It flew at an estimated 2,000 mph and made a controlled descent and landing south of Dayton.
11. COMMENTS: Object under surveillance by tracking radar and visual observation. Pictures and film were obtained by ATIC and Dayton personnel.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which contains a questionnaire with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Circle One: YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 650+ mph

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
Circle One: YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1-2 miles 

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] 
AGE: [REDACTED]
SEX: [REDACTED]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent: 
4/75 -53 C.D. student

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 
May 26 1962

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. The text in the document is as follows:

May 25, 1962

Bent Commander
216 Oakwood Drive
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

This letter is an response to your letter regarding the sighting of a flying object on May 9, 1962.

According to our investigation, the object you observed was probably a meteor or some other astronomical phenomenon. In most cases, reported sightings of unidentified flying objects can be explained as misidentification of known objects or phenomena. Without more detailed information about the object you saw, it is difficult to determine the exact nature of the sighting.

While we understand the interest and concern over unidentified flying objects, our analysis suggests this particular sighting does not represent anything extraordinary or requiring further investigation by Project Blue Book at this time.

If you have any additional information or would like to discuss this matter further, please feel free to contact me.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

Transcription of the text:

At about 2:50 p.m. of 11 of the month. The object was seen by two people, a man and a woman, in the sky near the Dayton area. The object appeared to be round or oval in shape and it was moving at a high rate of speed. When first seen, the object was at a high altitude and appeared to be about the size of a quarter held at arm's length. The object then began descending rapidly, it was estimated to be at least 20,000 feet above the ground. As the object came down, it appeared to increase in size and it seemed to be glowing or emitting some type of light. The object then leveled off and began moving in a straight line, maintaining a constant altitude. After traveling a short distance, the object suddenly accelerated and disappeared from sight. The observation lasted approximately 2 to 3 minutes. The observers could not determine the exact size or distance of the object, but they were convinced that it was a genuine UFO sighting.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

"an effort was made to do some more measuring byt the field was quite wet and too rough for a very good reading. there were no shots of the object at this time but a number were taken later when it had moved to another position. the object appeared to be at about 1200 yards range and to be hovering at an altitude of about 300-400 feet. it was rough,irregular in shape and seemed to change in outline - it was a dull color and not shiny or metallic in appearance. rather it appeared to be of some dull,dark material. the object seemed to be quite substantial and solid, not like a balloon or cloud or other such object. it simply hovered,changing its outline slightly and moving in a somewhat erratic fashion - it would move rapidly for a short distance then hover and then move again. at one point it made a jump or sudden movement of about 100 yards. this jumping or jerky motion was quite different from the gradual drifting motion it had shown previously. there was no sound at all from the object. after the shots were taken it continued to hover and move about for approximately 30 minutes and then seemed to become dimmer and dimmer until it finally faded from view and could no longer be seen."

- page 5 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram. It appears to depict some kind of object or unidentified flying object (UFO). The sketch shows an elongated, cigar-shaped object with several equidistant markings or indentations along the sides. There are also some additional sketches and notes around the central object.

As per the instructions, I will now proceed to extract all the text content from the document:

Red light 
at night 
light
75'
[Redacted]

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a memo routing slip from the U.S. Air Force project Blue Book, which was an official program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:
MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO: T 3gt McCord
REMARKS:
Report for the period 1000Z, 21 Mar 62 - 0700Z 22 May 62 
Well reported dozen UFO calls. Police report investigating lights flying over Dayton vicinity.
FROM: CMCOT D-CDeffebaugh
TD-22
DD 95 
5-62

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet, likely part of Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions accurately, as the information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
1. When did you see the object?
_____ Day _____ Month _____ Year
2. Time of day: _____ Hours _____ Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific
4. Where did the observation take place? _____ City or Town _____ State or Country
Additional comments:
5. How long was object in sight? _____ Hours _____ Minutes _____ Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight "determined"?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Overcast
NIGHT: a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Overcast
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire-style format.

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
None
A few
Many
Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
Bright moonlight
Full moonlight
Dull moonlight
No moonlight - pitch dark
Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One):
a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Yes

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly appear in the sky?  Yes  No  Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes  No  Don't Know
c. Break into parts or explode?  Yes  No  Don't Know
d. Give off smoke?  Yes  No  Don't Know
e. Change brightness?  Yes  No  Don't Know
f. Pulsate or flicker?  Yes  No  Don't Know
g. Disappear and reappear?  Yes  No  Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what:

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):
a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No
c. Windshield  Yes  No
d. Window glass  Yes  No

e. Telescope  Yes  No
f. Theodolite  Yes  No
g. Other

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text extracted from the image:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Bright, fierce, white, low
b. Color - Bright, clear, white

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy > blurred
          b. Like a bright star
          c. Sharply outlined
          d. Don't remember

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with questions and instructions related to documenting observations of unidentified flying objects.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when piled up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be a page from an old UFO report form, containing various questions and spaces for text responses.

Page 3
25. Where were you located when you saw the object?  (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:  
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South 
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes / No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest 
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest 

31. If you are familiar with bearing forms (angles of direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru East) and also the number of degrees if it was upward from the horizon (elevation).

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North __________ degrees.
b. From horizon __________degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North __________ degrees.
b. From horizon __________ degrees.

- page 12 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a curved line with an object at the top. The second sketch shows a larger landscape sketch with a road and hills in the background, as well as a smaller sketch of a landscape.

22. In the following sketch, indicate the point you first saw the horizon (skyline) when you initially saw it. Place a "B" on the curve as shown.

23. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to the smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire or form filled out by a witness.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Partly cloudy, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day __, Month __, Year __

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes, No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes, No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One): Yes, No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other objects?
[No response]

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
[Redacted] Spintree

- page 14 -

