There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a Project 10073 record card from the Project Blue Book archives, containing details about a UFO sighting in Rock Hill, South Carolina on July 14, 1962.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 14 July 1962
3. DATE/TIME GROUP: Local
4. PHOTOS: Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 6 seconds
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Object viewed through 30 x TX to cross moon in about 6 seconds. Went from SE to SW at silver color.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Object viewed, possibly Balloon, possibly astronomical, possibly aircraft, possibly anomalous, possibly astronomical, possibly insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which contains a questionnaire with questions related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street, City, Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
Age: [redacted] Sex: [redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: [redacted] Day - [redacted] Month - [redacted] Year

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a blank U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Summary Data) form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may present information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME
(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:

SIGNATURE
DATE

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO sighting report.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

TD-E/Col Wynn
UFO SIGHTING

Dear M_____,

Your initial letter did not contain sufficient information for evaluation of your UFO sighting. Please complete and return the enclosed form in the self-addressed envelope provided.

Sincerely,

EDWARD H. WYNN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

2 November 1962

1 Atch
AF Form 164

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET 
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day: 
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? 
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire-style format. The text on the page asks various questions about the observer's experience with the sighting, including details about the appearance and behavior of the observed object.

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None  
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light  b. Shiny  c. Dark  d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?

11. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid  b. Transparent  c. Vapor  d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form with instructions and spaces for the witness to fill out information about a UFO sighting. The form appears to be part of a Project Blue Book report.

Text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(A simple oval-shaped sketch is provided in the space.)

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

(No additional sketch is provided for this question.)

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, with a series of questions and prompts for the observer to answer regarding their sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions and answer choices.

OCR OUTPUT:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West 
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___________ degrees.
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___________ degrees. 
b. From horizon ___________ degrees.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image contains two sketches or illustrations.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch or an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Using OCR (Optical Character Recognition), the text found in the document is as follows:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)	WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky	a. Dry
b. Hazy	b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds	c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds	d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day		Month	Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)	Yes	No
36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)	Yes	No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)	Yes	No
37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?

- page 11 -

