The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 4-2-62
2. LOCATION Coloma, Michigan
3. DATE TIME GROUP 2130
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
5. DURATION 5-7 minutes
6. WITNESSES 1
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Brief
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: UFO at 60 degrees, suddenly shacked and moved off - witness thought it was aircraft crashed in woods but checked and found no crash.
11. COMMENTS: It is probable that the UFO was a re- entering satellite or meteorite. This is indicated by the sudden shacking motion and rapid disappearance.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sirs:

On Friday, April 27, 1962, at approximately 9:15 A.M. C.S.T., I observed an unidentified flying object (UFO) at an approximate altitude of 60 degrees elevation, traveling in a northwesterly direction at an extremely rapid speed, and disappearing into the north.

I watched the object for approximately 10 seconds as it sped across the sky, and it appeared to be oval or circular in shape, and had a metallic luster or sheen. It was so fast that I was unable to determine any additional details or characteristics.

Inasmuch as this sighting is of interest to your organization, I am reporting it to you in accordance with your instructions. If any further information is required, please let me know.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a report containing text only, which I will transcribe below.

Twin Fire Balls In Michigan

At 9:15 p.m. on April 27, 1962, Mrs. _____ and her husband were driving home from work, when they noticed a brilliant green and speedy fireball with a full moon behind it. It was followed by a second smaller fireball, also with a full moon object appeared to them as two lots. The witness said they were traveling "much faster" than a plane.

- page 3 -

