The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 record card from the Project Blue Book, which was the U.S. Air Force's official program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
20 NOVEMBER 1962
3. GM # PHOTOS
20/06202
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
FOV
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Circular luminous obj observed fm Montevideo drew in just a few seconds, rose to about 30 deg elevation in Northwest moving southeast, then was lost to sight. No sound. Full moon on clear night. Moving west.

12. CONCLUSIONS
Possible Astronomical/ Meteor sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Director of Intelligence, USAF, Washington, D.C.

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? N/A

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this? Yes

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion, what do you think the object was and what might have caused it? I don't know what it was, but it could have been a flying saucer or what passes for a flying saucer.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information sheet.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following spaces to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may restate information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [REDACTED]
SIGNATURE: [REDACTED]
DATE: December 2, 1962

This object appeared to be pretty or disappeared as quickly as it had appeared. There was no time for a good look. When I tried to get a good look it went off very fast. I couldn't make out the details of anything. It wouldn't stay up the thought that this really was something that I had seen. My son brought home a book from the library and in it was a picture that most resembled what I was going to report. And it was from that book I got the details that I reported. No report on our was written and nothing else passed along or mentioned.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes (75 miles per hour)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 75 miles per hour, it was moving as fast as a very light plane.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 200 feet away, it was clear that 2-3 feet across.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Montevideo, Minnesota
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
Age: 44 Sex: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. 
Higher school graduate, farmer, interested in what is to be nature. Have seen weather balloons, flares in 1952 or 1953 but a new sighting in Carrington, was not a plane or spacecraft but a round object like some described in flying saucers.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: December 9, 1962

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

"Montevideo, Minnesota
November 23, 1962

Director of Intelligence
Headquarters, U.S.A.F. 
Washington 25, D.C.

Gentlemen:

On November 20, at 12:50 A.M., 2 semi-circular objects were passing over my building at a very high rate of speed and so low they seemed to graze the tops of the trees. The light was very bright and so thought it would crash into the house. It was no sound of any kind. 
It gave off a white light and it was brighter than a full moon on a clear night.

I have seen weather balloons, satellites and other objects, but this object was traveling in a westerly direction.

Signed: [Redacted]"

- page 5 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomenon that an individual has observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to complete every question as fully as you possibly can. The information that you give will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 7-22-62
2. Time of day: 12:45 Minutes: 0 A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Montevideo, Minnesota
5. How long was object in sight? Hours: 2 Minutes: 5 Seconds: 0
5.1 How was time in sight determined? To the best of my recollection, the object was in sight for approximately 2 and 1/2 minutes.
6. What was the condition of the sky? At was a nice clear night.
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document with text and an official seal.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
TO : All Col Friend/mb/66216
UFO SIGHTING (MMIMMIMMM 29 November 1962
MONTEVIDEO, MINNESOTA

Dear Mr. ----:
Your initial letter did not contain sufficient information
for evaluation of your UFO sighting of 20 November 1962.
This is a completed continuation sheet and returned form (AF form
114) which is considered essential for a thorough evaluation.

Sincerely,

EDWARD J. RUPPELT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Chief, Evaluation Division
Directorate of Intelligence

- page 7 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with various questions and answer options related to observations of the stars, moon, and unidentified objects.

Page 2
8. IF you saw the OBJECT at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember
9. The OBJECT appeared: (Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember
10. If it APPEARED as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? It was a full moon.
11. Did the OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES (B) DON'T KNOW b. Suddenly speed up and then slow down or any time? YES (B) DON'T KNOW c. Break up into parts or explode? YES (B) DON'T KNOW d. Give off smoke? YES (B) DON'T KNOW e. Change brightness? YES (B) DON'T KNOW f. Change shape? YES (B) DON'T KNOW g. Flash or flicker? YES (B) DON'T KNOW h. Disappear and reappear? YES (B) DON'T KNOW
12. Did the OBJECT move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): YES (B) DON'T KNOW. IF you answered YES, then tell what: it moved behind.
13. Did the OBJECT move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): YES (B) DON'T KNOW. IF you answered YES, then tell what: in front of.
14. Did the OBJECT appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know
15. Did you observe the OBJECT through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses YES (No) b. Sun glasses YES (No) c. Windshield YES (No) d. Window glass YES (No) e. Binoculars YES (No) f. Telescope YES (No) g. Other YES (No)

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document. 

Text extracted from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color: Brighter than a full moon

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc.; and specifically indicate trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
a. Circle (sharply defined), fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Only one

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page is as follows:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" or the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to any familiar object or objects with which you are familiar?
A little larger than a full moon. It falled some more moments later.

22. We want to make a match stick model of the object. Hold a match stick of some length and note how much the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The match head would cover it completely. It was a small, round object.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. It passed over.

24. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.
A full moon, but larger. It was circular. I would say that it was a perfect circle.

- page 10 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, likely filled out by a witness.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
I was in bed and my dog was barking so I looked outside and noticed the strange object hovering to the northwest.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: It was an estimated 20 degrees above the horizon.
31.2 When it disappeared: The object disappeared behind some trees in the distance, about 3 degrees above the horizon.

Both when it appeared and disappeared, the object was difficult to distinguish.

- page 11 -

The image contains two sketches or illustrations, but no actual photograph. 

The first sketch appears to show the trajectory or flight path of a high-altitude object, with the object being described as being above the horizon when first observed. The sketch includes annotations such as "BA" and "There was no change."

The second set of sketches shows a perspective view of a landscape, with a person standing on a road or path in the foreground, and another smaller sketch of a more distant horizon or landscape.

Text output:

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point marked "A" and that the curved line is drawn to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch, the object was in the position marked "A" when you first saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 12 -

