The image does not contain any photographs. It is a Project 10073 record card that provides details about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred on 20 August 1962 at Fort McKinley, Ohio.

Text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 20 AUGUST 1962
2. LOCATION: FORT MCKINLEY, OHIO
3. TIME: 2130-2202
4. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20-30 MINUTES
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1 OR 2
7. COURSE: CIVILIAN
8. BRIEF DESCRIPTION: Solid obj dimmer than the brightest star, hovered, ascended, descended, stopped, hovered, accelerated repeatedly, disappeared in middle. Observed in West and SSW. Disappeared finally in SW. Moved up & down in flight sometimes as fast as a jet.
9. COMMENTS: Insufficient data for analysis. High reliability for location & details as to time, direction & course. Object changed indicated at 3-5 times. Observation has same character as much detail given on other occasions. Up & down deviation in flight.
11. CONCLUSIONS: a. Was Balloon, b. Probably Balloon, c. Possibly Balloon, d. Unknown

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, which appears to be a questionnaire used to collect information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. These are known to many as "flying saucers" and may seem to you to be of considerable importance. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
Additional remarks: 
5. How long was object in sight? 
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN in relation to you and the object?

- page 2 -

There is no photograph contained in this image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The image shows a form with various questions related to observing an unidentified object or phenomenon at night.

a. IF you saw the object or NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

2. The object appeared:
(Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Shiny
c. Dark
d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? NOT

11. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and dash away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Show a change in brightness?
e. Blink on and off?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
if you answered YES, then tell what

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One)
a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

Ocean Optics

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Bar shaped
Seemed to rotate about another
Silvery color, grayish in color
Seemed to be moving together toward another

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The text on the page consists of questions and answers, with no visual elements other than the form itself.

20. Grow a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path to show the start of the path, and show any changes to direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to an object with which you are familiar?

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
/ 2 O O /

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Particles only, glot/ shat.  By chance little 

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a form-style layout containing various questions and answer options for the witness.

23. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

25. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you lose sight of the object while you were looking at it? (Circle One)
Yes   No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Overhead 

31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees.
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ___ degrees. 
b. From horizon ___ degrees.

- page 6 -

The image contains two sketches. The larger sketch on the right depicts a landscape with a road and buildings in the distance. The smaller sketch on the left shows a curved line with an object or object near the top. There are no photographs present in this image.

FORT MC KINLEY OHIO 8-22-62
32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.  
33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to a smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form with text fields for filling out information related to a UFO sighting. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)            WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear sky                   a. Dry
b. Hazy                        b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds            c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds       d. Snow
                               e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)  Yes - No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One)  Yes - No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mrs. T. E. Harwood
R.F.D. #2
Jackson, Ohio

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)  Yes - No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
No Idea

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire or survey form.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Yes
No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
Approximately 20 to 25 feet per second

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)
Yes
No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
ADDRESS: Street, City, Zone, State
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
Age: 18
Sex: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.

42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day - Month - Year

- page 9 -

