The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project ICCP3 Record Card with various fields filled out, including date, time, location, type of observation, number of objects, course, and a brief summary of the sighting.

PROJECT ICCP3 RECORD CARD
1. DATE - 1-8-62
2. LOCATION - Medina, New York
3. DATE/TIME GR GMT - 1:03
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION - Ground-Visual
5. DURATION - 5 Min.
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS - Multi
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION - 5 Min.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING - Rainfall in western New York was reported. The object or objects appeared to be moving slowly overhead from east to west and then turned and moved off westward.
11. COMMENTS - Insufficient data for evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically the document titled "1962-08-8722765-Medina-NewYork.pdf2.txt".

The text in the document is as follows:

Medina, New York

Dear Sir:

On August the 27th, we had a rainfall in Western New York and a number of the on closed pieces of soil came down with the rain. No one around here seems to know what they are, so I am enclosing a few pieces.

I would not bother with them but I recall reading a while back where you shot some samples and they disappeared. I thought if these pieces are some of them you would like to know about them.

Yours Sincerely

SMG

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of an unidentified aerial object. The image is grainy and low-quality, but it shows what appears to be a dark, elongated shape floating in the air. There is no text or other identifying information visible in the photograph itself.

Regarding the text:

On August the 17th, we had a rainfall in western new York and a number of the residents saw some small objects come down with the rain. We didn't realize until my name showed up in some of the reports, so I am enclosing a few details.
I would not bother you with these but I recall you once said that you were interested with these data drops. they seemed to linger a while, became motionless and then suddenly disappeared from sight.
I thought if these pellets are some kind of experiments you might like to know about them.
Yours sincerely,

- page 3 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter from the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) to a person named Mr. [REDACTED] in Medina, New York. The letter is dated September 15, 1962 and is signed by Foster Haley, Deputy Chief of Information for the U.S. Air Force Systems Command.

Text from the document:

"September 15, 1962

Mr. [REDACTED]
Medina, New York

Dear Mr. [REDACTED]:

This is to acknowledge receipt of your letter in which you enclose a number of pieces of foil which you say fell with a UFO on August 17.

Your letter and the foil has been transmitted to the U. S. Air Force Systems Command in Washington, D. C. for their reply.

Your interest is appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

Foster Haley
Deputy Chief of Information

Copy to: U. S. Air Force Systems Command"

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an official file copy of a request for UFO information.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
75-26/o01 WJAM
Request for UFO Information (Letter from NASA) 1 October 1962

Lt. USAF (Major Hart)
Wash 25, DC

1. Forwarded in these letters are the attached letters forwarded to this office from the NASA requesting information on unidentified flying objects.
You seem necessary.

2. The data contained in these letters is classified. Probable causes are charged by USAF aircraft during a practice mission.

FOR THIS COMMANDER:

EDWARD M. USTI
COLONEL, USAF
DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION
and COMPONENTS

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old document or report related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

Here is the text from the document:

October 9, 1962

Dear Mr.

The roll pieces you included in your letter CHAPPS1 received.
Your letter and the bundled, they quickly received them.
I made a careful examination of the film and the photographs they contain. There is no radar return remained on the film. The monitoring radar return no longer appears.
They are extremely careful these pieces and be sure to pass your message that they appreciate on practice mainrained.
Yours sincerely,
W. J. LOOKADOO
Lt Colonel, USAF
Office of Information Division
Office of Information

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

UFO SIGHTING
Observer: Mr. Gordo USA, 17 August 1962
Location: Ogden, Utah
Occupation: Union Depot Company, Ogden, Utah (for 37 years)
Time: Local 3:48 pm 17 August 1962 Length: 10 seconds
Description: Shape was difficult to define - it was a little different than that seen previously. The objects were approximately square with rounded corners. The objects were in a line, very close together, and traveling very slowly. The objects were observed for a total of approximately 10 seconds. The observer was in the yard when he saw the objects. They traveled from the northeast to the southwest. Other persons were not able to observe the objects. The observer was unable to tell whether objects were real or imaginary. The objects were lit up but with no lights. Observer said his mother-in-law might have been lighting the objects with her window shades or curtains.
WX Conditions: It was fairly light out. Stars and faint outline could be seen. The witness looked out of his watch and observed the same objects again. He again watched them for a few minutes. They completely covered the area in a few minutes and disappeared. This object was only a few hundred feet high at the most.
Optical Aid: Observer wears glasses but did not have them on at the time of the sighting. He had vision of 20-20.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

INTELLIGENCE REPORT
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
SUBJECT: (U) UFO Report on Object Sighting, Medina, New York 
COUNTRY: United States of America
OFFICE OF ORIGIN: 0-2
DATE OF REPORT: 23 August 1962
DATE OF INFORMATION: 23 August 1962
EVALUATION: 1
SUMMARY: On 23 August 1962, at approximately 0030 hours, a civilian male resident of Medina, New York reported observing a lighted object moving rapidly across the sky. The object was described as round, bright, and making a humming sound. It was observed for approximately 10 seconds before disappearing from view. No other details are available.
REFERENCES: AFR 200-2/JANAP 146
DISTRIBUTION BY NO. USAF: CIA STATE ARMY NAVY

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcription of the text:

Observation on 22 august 1962
On 22 August 1962 at approximately 8:00 p.m. EDT a sighting occurred which lasted for about 30 seconds. The object was observed from Medina, New York. The object was seen by two witnesses.
Witness (1) Male - Age 34 - Occupation: General utility work
Witness (2) Male - Age 23 - Occupation: Laborer
Witness (1) observed the object first and called Witness (2) to observe it. The object was first observed about 15 degrees above the horizon in the southwest direction. It was moving in a southwest direction at a good rate of speed. The object appeared to be circular in shape, had a luminous glow, and was about the size of a basketball at arm's length. The object was observed to make a 90 degree turn to the south and then disappeared from sight. The weather was clear with a few scattered clouds. 
END OF REPORT

- page 9 -

