The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 13/04002
2. LOCATION: Estacada, Oregon
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Unreported
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Radar
5. SOURCE: O Air-Visual
6. WEATHER: Clear
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 mins
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Duo
9. COURSE: NW
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Two objects, illuminated, followed by two Objects, same speed and altitude. 10 miles later the objects exploded. Observed by ground radar. Details visible. Sound of jet heard. Both objects visible at same time.
11. CONCLUSIONS: Possibly Aircraft, Possibly Balloon, Possibly Armed Forces Unknown, Possibly Astronomical, Insufficient Data for Evaluation

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a memorandum from the Department of the Air Force, Office of the Secretary. The memorandum states that extra copies of 164 have been forwarded to the addressee and that they should be along in a few days.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
MEMORANDUM 

I have forwarded extra copies of 164 to this addressee. I did for him to have his friends fill out. They should be along in a few days.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed form or document, possibly related to a UFO sighting or report.

U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet
1. When did you see the object?
12 April 1962
2. Time of day: between 8:00 & 8:20 
AM or PM
3. Time over:
a. Estimated
b. Constant
c. Intermittent 
d. Rising
e. Descending
f. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Estacada, Oregon
5. Estimated how long were you seen the object? 10 minutes
a. Certain
b. Not very sure
c. Fairly certain
d. Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document with text describing a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

A. Height of object bright
B. Bella daghlito
C. Brighter tonight
Exact point seen at Bright twinkling constant
What were you actually concerning the object and when first seen.
a. Time
b. Date
c. Condition of weather
d. Other witnesses remembers
b. No
c. Dent remembers
If it is defect was longer when the behavior was that of a bright like that of an automobile, at a distance, would it
a. It was away to a distant
b. interval than away 
c. A while away ?
d. several yards away
e. other

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text that seems to be describing some type of investigative report or interview notes.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

11. The object:
a. Appeared to be standing on and wit away at trees
b. Stationary and went away at trees
c. Broke up into parts at approximately 1-2 miles
d. Give off lights? Don't know
e. Change shape at times? (?)
f. Change shape? (?)
g. Techon, who, or what?

12. Did the object move and handing something anything, particularly a cloud?
Yes (?) Don't know

13. Did the objet move in vent of something at the witnesses, unusually at tremendous speed or nearly so?
Yes (?) Don't know

14. Did a light appear? 
a. (Blank) b. Transparent explosion

15. Could you describe who object through any of the following?
f. Telescope 80 power - 900 ft
h. Naked Eye - 900 ft

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text and diagrams.

16. This is a four seconds and the following diagram shows the path of an object which could be traced to the early -- the path of a moving light while the color of a medium-sized automobile which was stationary.

18. The objects of the object were a bright star

19. It shown an extremely sharp change in direction, there were two cars

W.F.
2.0.
E. W.
S. W. E.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

Transcribing the text from the document:

2.2 Your feeling about the appearance as compared with other objects of this general type?
A cattail 
B. Flaring outline

2.3. How visible was the object?
First, there was a small, flat, black place 
was a big field, there wit a few trees.

2.4. Other significant details you can recall, for example, size, altitude, speed, direction, etc. 
Other was 10,000 feet, size - small

2. And the was essentially the details of a small motion.

27. I was looking at the stars and moon.
Than the hand a jolany saw it the right.

28. Object directions were you looking when you first saw it? Nothing particular, just the stars.

30. Did you knowperhaps what might have been the object? I saw the object

34. What were the weather conditions when you observed the phenomena? It was clear, bright, starry (Estarado, Oregon) (winter)

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely part of a report from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

2.2. There was no physical evidence connected with sighting
the following object:

a. No physical trace
b. No material sample
c. No photographs

2.3. There was no physical damage from sighting.

First, there was a normal type of saucer-shaped object which was of a shiny nature and was quite large. 

2.5 What direction were you looking when you saw the object?
Easterly

2.6 In the event was satisfied description of a small amount of smoke or steam-like vapors.

2.7 I was looking at the direction and moving from the overhead to the horizon, and with the object diminished.

2.9 What direction were you looking when you saw the object?
I was looking toward the object. No other direction.

3.0 Did not see any other objects only the one described just now.

3.1 What were the weather conditions when you saw the object? (clear, etc.) (Calm) (Slight Breeze) (Warm)

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text.

Transcribing the text:

35. Was anyone with you at the time you saw the object? Yes
It gave answered yes that only my wife was with me at that time.

37. What was the geographical time you had from object? Object like size 7 yrs.

I have a paper memo
age 16
A. Gould de Kort 6 years.
12. Date personally this questionnaire Wednesay 19 Exctler 1962

- page 9 -

