The image does not contain a photograph, it only shows a filled out Project 10073 Record Card form. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

1. DATE 1-1-62
2. LOCATION New York, New York
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION A Type

4. PHOTOS Yes 

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 3 minutes

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING Bright light maneuvering in the sky. Seemed to get brighter and dimmer and give off halo or glow effect.

11. COMMENTS Sighting has characteristics of an unidentified object.

- page 1 -

The image contains two sketches related to the sighting of a UFO. The larger sketch on the left depicts a landscape with a road, trees, and buildings. A silhouetted figure can be seen in the foreground. The smaller sketch on the right shows a horizon with a curved object in the sky.

OCR text output:
32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve line where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document with text fields for the witness to fill out.

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear or few
b. Hazy   
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Fog, mist, or light rain
b. Moderate or heavy rain  
c. Snow
d. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
DAY: 1962 
MONTH: July
YEAR: 1962
The Weather Bureau
The Hayden Planetarium

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
Yes      No

36.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) 
Yes      No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses.
Miss                         
142 N. York St. N.Y.

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One)
Yes      No

37.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
It could have been a reflection of sunlight on molecules of the atmosphere.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire from Project Blue Book.

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES - He
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1,000 - 2,000
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES - No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2
41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS - Street, City, State, Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER - [redacted]
Age - Sex - Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent. I have completed eleven and one-half grade of high school. I am now entering the junior year of high school with a most average of 92%. 
42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 26 July 1962

- page 4 -

The image contains a photograph showing an illustration or sketch of some unidentified object in the sky. The object appears to be moving from north to northwest according to the text description below the image.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled in promptly, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may use past information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME:
SIGNATURE: 
DATE: 7/28/52

Seen: July 2, 1962; 9:50 p.m. Eastern Daylight Saving Time
New York - Central Park area.
Seen for about two seconds moving from north to northwest.
The object looked like a lighted aircraft light.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document containing a letter.

July 23, 1962

Dear Miss [redacted],

Regarding your recent letter pertaining to an unidentified aerial sighting, please complete the inclosed Air Force Form 164 and mail it back to me. This information will be used to analyze your sighting.

The latest Department of Defense Fact Sheet is inclosed for your information.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM J. LOOCADOO
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, which contains the following text:

New York 21, N.Y.
July 11, 1962

Bureau of Unidentified Flying Objects 
Pentagon, Washington D.C.

Gentlemen:

As spokesman for the Zoological Astronomical Terra-nautical Association I, Miss Harding, feel there is a matter that should come to your attention. We would like to report two celestial occurrences which neither the newspapers, radio, nor any of the news papers could satisfactorily explain.

The first incident was seen by both Miss Rosen and myself, on July 2, 1962. The object in the sky took the form of a lighted cigarette light bulb. It had no tail, but it gave the appearance of making a streak behind it as any speeding object does. It was seen in Manhattan, above Central Park Mall at approximately 9:30.

It seemed very close to us (slightly lower than standard airplanes). It went from east to west, but it did not come from the horizon. It moved a short distance near the pointers of Ursa Major, and then vanished. 

The second incident was seen by another member, and myself. It took place at approximately 9:45, on

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text on the page describes an incident that occurred on July 9, 1962, where an object of the size of a star was observed and compared to the echo satellite of the previous year. The writer is providing this information to the recipient and asking them to examine these two incidents.

July 9, 1962. The object in point was the size of the average star as it appears to us, and it was high in the sky. It was about 72 deg. St. It travelled from horizon to horizon - the Southwest to Northeast. It was very similar to the Echo satellite of last year.

We feel it necessary to bring this information to you. We hope you will quench our thirst for knowledge concerning the matter at hand by explaining, if possible, these two incidents.

Sincerely,
Press Officer
Vice President

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire for reporting UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please fill out this form carefully. The information you provide will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, consultations, or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern; b. Central; c. Mountain; d. Pacific; e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight?
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
DAY: a. Clear; b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Clear; b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you; b. In back of you; c. To your right; d. Overhead

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book and a UFO sighting.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Many
c. Fewer than usual
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Don't remember - no moon
d. Don't remember

9. THE OBJECT APPEARED:
(Circle One):
a. Steady b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS?
Yes, it was as bright as a lighted electric light.

11. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear and stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and dash away? Yes No Don't Know
c. Silently disappear? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Pulse or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flush or flare? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. DID THE OBJECT MOVE BEHIND SOMETHING OR AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

13. DID THE OBJECT MOVE IN FRONT OF SOMETHING AT ANY TIME, PARTICULARLY A CLOUD?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

14. DID THE OBJECT APPEAR: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. DID YOU OBSERVE THE OBJECT THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window Yes No

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with various questions and answer fields.

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - There was none
b. Color - White

17. Please give the results of your sketch and description as to the shape and appearance of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially as to how the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
   b. Like a double star 
   c. Sharply outlined
   d. Don't remember

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

21. How large did the object appear to you as compared to objects with which you are familiar? As large as a star, as large as a house? Except round.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, about 1/6 would be covered by the match's head.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It vanished without leaving a trail behind it.

24. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the motion of the object or objects which you observed in the sky. Would give the same appearance as the object which were to move at a terrific speed, at an altitude a little less than the average airplane could fly to a viewer to be about the size of an electric light, then would approximately look like the object that was seen.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or report form.

I will now act as an OCR system and transcribe all the text found in the document:

23. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other: _________

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country?
d. On an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:____________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and have did you happen to notice it?
I was looking for the North Star. I followed the pointers of the Big Dipper, and then the object appeared.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (true east) and also the number of degrees it was above the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared: 
a. From true North ________ degrees.
b. From horizon ________ degrees.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ________ degrees. 
b. From horizon ________ degrees.

- page 13 -

