There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a Project 10073 Record Card that appears to be part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE
27 September 1962
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
0830/0302
5. PHOTOS
Yes
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 MINUTES
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
While observing a routine aircraft object observed to be still visible in West. Observer looked at object which passed behind clouds. Light suddenly reappeared bright again for a couple of seconds, then disappeared. WX driven as cloudless, temp 72 DEGREES.  Object appeared self-luminous and had dull reddish-orange color. Motion very law as disappeared behind clouds.

12. CONCLUSIONS
D Insufficient Data for Evaluation

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the given image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing a typed UFO report.

Flying Saucer Report

9/22/52
1. Time- 4:30 p.m.: Duration- 6 seconds, Circumstances-
Sunset- 
2. Location- On hill, 1,000 feet above ground.  
3. Appearance of saucer- oval shape and white in color.
4. Direction- facing North- saucer in North direction also.
5. Weather- Clear, Temperature- 75, Humidity- 55. 
Barometer reading- 30", wind- 0, Haze- none.
6. Sun shining, but couldn't see it.
7. Saw saucer travel over mountain, then disappeared.
8. Apparent size of saucer- about 8 dins.
9. Motion- straight and smooth. 
10. Estimate rate of motion- going about 250 m.p.h.
11. Did not seem self luminous. 
12. Possess dull finish.
13. Did not reflect like mirror.
14. Did not seem transparent.
15. Observation- confirmed by parents and sister. 
16. The saucer did not behave as I moved in various directions.
17. The saucer was not near sun or moon.
18. No halo around sun.
19. No contrails in sight.
20. General remarks- looking at the sky, when suddenly appeared, 
and then disappeared behind mountain. I have done much research
on flying saucers, and I would appreciate your opinion on this
particular matter.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Foreign Technology Division of the United States Air Force discussing a request for UFO information.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TD-3/Col Wynn

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: HQ USAF
DC/SI-3 (Major Hart)
Wash 25 DC

1. The attached letter from (redacted) is requesting information on unidentified flying objects. This letter is forwarded with the request that you do the necessary:

2. It is suggested that a reply be forwarded a copy of the information that has been returned to the USAF post in regard to flying saucers be explained.

3. Suggestions as to questionable aspects of his letter he forwarded in order that a more complete account of the data and a more detailed analysis showing details of the various investigations and findings.

4. (name redacted) indicated in his letter information presented in his letter. He also referenced other reports received, which included a position statement and attitude. (Additional details redacted)

2 Oct 62
FOR THE COMMANDER

EDWARD M. WYNN 
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Science
and Components

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

Performing Optical Character Recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

We are advised that unidentified flying objects were observed over Venice, California, on Septembe r 8, 1962. The objects were described as extremely fast and maneuverable, and when observed by witnesses, they appeared to be emitting some form of light or energy.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter dated October 3, 1962, addressed to "Dear Mr. ______", and signed by W. J. Lookadoo, Public Information Division, Office of Information.

The text of the letter is as follows:

The Air Force is primarily interested in the "immediate threat" potential of an unidentified aerial phenomenon, correspondingly, relative to the national security of the United States. Beyond this potential and in the line things that 
may be potentially interested in from other scientific interests would be the additional scientific values that might be derived from an in-depth investigation.

May I suggest that you contact Mount Wilson or Palomar Observatories in the Los Angeles area for a possible correlation of facts on meteor listings.

Sincerely,

W. J. LOOKADOO 
M. Colonel, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

- page 5 -

