There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record card that contains text describing a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE: 19 Jul 52
3. DATE-TIME GROUP: Last 21:00cz
5. DURATION: Few mins
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Brief
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING: Observation of a brilliantly luminous object in the sky over Southern France. The object was described as moving rapidly with a wobbling motion in a horizontal trajectory. No further details or identifying characteristics were provided.
12. CONCLUSIONS: Was Balloon, Possibly Balloon, Possibly Aircraft, Possibly Aircraft, Possibly Astronomical. Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Department of the Army's Office of the Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, dated 7/23/52. The document is a letter written in French and translated into English. The text of the letter is as follows:

Gentlemen:

I would you be so kind as to tell me what object was seen in page erroneous from the recent dispatch. From what I have been told, it was to meet on 13 July 1952 at about 3:15 in the morning, and looked like a star. I count see it for about 30 minutes.

Thank you very much for the information concerning the object.

Respectfully yours,
[Signature redacted]
Paris 19
France

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report related to a UFO sighting.

TRANSCRIPTION OF THE TEXT:

Leurs impressions
L'ándante - nous ét ons restés pendant plus d'une heure Zuel d'égt ce Zui paraissait dans l'espanace nuir
Resovus d classés typineements dans ce net de gi T9 france alazt relaes dans le nt de 6 + C.R.S.ó.PO.S. à Cuers en dat du 11 juillet 1962 à 22 h 30 à r'ouverture d'une élitte circolcerne.
Elle s'est raangefiu dons avec rapidile et mome t1zui nait disparaitre pour roaraitre ensumito à 60 mítres piusfoit.
e tomoignage pour confirmation.
Concernart J' nspeur.

L'odile orréé Zute mal contribution.

- page 3 -

